Two victims were found dead on March 7 and two were rescued alive.

Four Americans were kidnapped shortly after crossing into Mexico earlier this month. Two survived the violent ordeal, while two members of the group died.

Here's everything we know:

The kidnapping

The four Americans -- Eric James Williams, Zindell Brown and cousins Latavia "Tay" McGee and Shaeed Woodard -- drove the morning of March 3 into Matamoros, Mexico, which is in the northeastern state of Tamaulipas just south of Brownsville, Texas.

"Shortly after crossing into Mexico, unidentified gunmen fired upon the passengers in the vehicle," and then put the four Americans in another car and fled, the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City said.

A member of the Mexican security forces stands next to a white minivan with North Carolina plates and several bullet holes, at the crime scene where gunmen kidnapped four U.S. citizens who crossed into Mexico from Texas, March 3, 2023. Stringer/AP

Irving Barrios, the attorney general of Tamaulipas, said the Americans were not directly targeted and it appears "it was a misunderstanding."

Mexican investigators think the kidnappers may have wrongly believed the Americans were rival human traffickers, a source close to the investigation told ABC News.

Mexican authorities search for evidence as they work to locate four Americans who were shot by gunmen and then kidnapped shortly after crossing the border with Brownsville, Texas, in Matamoros, Mexico, March 6, 2023. Stringer/Reuters

For the first time, the Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas also said on March 9 that a Mexican woman died in the incident. Arely Pablo, 33, died after being hit by a stray bullet during the kidnapping.

The rescue

Williams and McGee survived the kidnapping. They were found the morning of March 7 in a wooden house in the Lagunona area, outside of Matamoros, Mexican officials said.

One of the deceased was also found inside the house, and the second was found outside the house, a source close to the investigation told ABC News.

A still from video of the scene where four Americans who were kidnapped were found by Mexican authorities on March 7, 2023. They were found in a wooden shed and camper in the Lagunona area right outside of the town of Matamoros, Mexico. Milenio

The two Americans found dead had blankets or sheets on top of them, a source close to the investigation told ABC News. One of the dead was wearing a surgical robe when he was found, the source said.

The Mexicans tried to seek medical attention for the Americans who were injured in the kidnapping, the Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas said in a statement on March 9. They were taken in an ambulance to a clinic, according to officials.

State police officers keep watch at the scene where authorities found the bodies of two of four Americans kidnapped by gunmen, in Matamoros, Mexico, March 7, 2023. Daniel Becerril/Reuters

During the days they were held, the Americans were transferred to various places, including a clinic, in order to create confusion and avoid rescue efforts, said the governor of Tamaulipas, Américo Villarreal.

The survivors and the victims

American victims in Mexico. From left to right, deceased Shaeed Woodard, survivor Latavia "Tay" McGee, survivor Eric James Williams, and deceased Zindell Brown in undated images. Courtesy of Laquonda Green, Tay McGee, and Michele Williams, and ABC News.

McGee is a mother of five who traveled from South Carolina to Mexico for a cosmetic medical procedure, according to her family.

Her mother, Barbara Burgess, told ABC News she spoke to her daughter on Tuesday. She said McGee had no major injuries.

Michele Williams, wife of survivor Eric Williams, said the FBI told her that her husband had been shot twice in one leg and once in the other.

He has undergone surgery in a Texas hospital, she said.

Brown, who was among the two killed, was on the trip to Mexico to support his friend, McGee, for her surgery, according to Brown's sister, Zalayna Brown Grant.

"Zindell was a loving son, brother, uncle and friend," Grant wrote on a GoFundMe page. "Our family waited for any news about my brother's return, but he won't be coming home alive."

Woodard, who was also killed, was McGee's cousin, according to McGee's mother.

The bodies of the two Americans killed were repatriated to the U.S. on March 9.

A fifth person who was traveling with the group, Cheryl Orange, did not cross the border into Mexico and remained in Brownsville, according to a police report from the Brownsville Police Department.

Orange did not cross into Mexico because "she did not have her ID with her" and contacted police on March 4, the day after the kidnapping, when she could not get in touch with them, the police report said.

The investigation

Five alleged members of a powerful Mexican cartel were charged with aggravated kidnapping and murder on March 10 in connection to the kidnapping.

The Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas announced the charges a day after the Gulf Cartel allegedly took responsibility for the kidnapping. The five men were found tied up near a pickup truck and a handwritten note was found placed on the windshield of the truck, whose author or authors say they belong to the Gulf Cartel, the dominant organized crime group in this part of Mexico. Neither ABC News nor U.S. officials have been able to independently verify the authenticity of the note.

The five alleged cartel members are seen lying on the ground with their hands tied in front of a truck in a photo provided by a source close to the investigation. Obtained by ABC News

A 24-year-old suspect arrested in connection with the incident was formally indicted on an aggravated kidnapping charge, the Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas said on March 10. The man was allegedly acting as a lookout when authorities finally located the four missing Americans.

The office also announced a homicide charge in the killing of Pablo, the bystander.

The FBI said it's working with "federal and international partners to determine the facts of what happened and to hold those responsible for this horrific and violent attack accountable for their crimes."

Following the recovery of the victims, National Security Council spokesperson John Kirby said, "Attacks on U.S. citizens are unacceptable, no matter where, under what circumstances they occur. We're going to work closely with the Mexican government to ensure that justice is done in this case."

President Joe Biden has "been kept updated" on the situation, White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said on March 7.

The FBI urges anyone with information to call its San Antonio office at 210-225-6741 or submit information on its website.

ABC News' Miles Cohen, Ellie Kaufman, Matt Rivers, Anne Laurent, Shannon Crawford, Dan Carranza and Luke Barr contributed to this report.The two alleged stations are in Montreal and Brossard.

The Royal Canadian Mounted Police have identified two alleged Chinese police stations in Quebec and are investigating them, RCMP confirmed in a statement to ABC News Friday.

The two alleged stations are in Montreal and Brossard, RCMP Sergeant Charles Poirier said.

"The RCMP recognizes that Canadians of Chinese origin have been victims of the possible activities conducted by these centres," Poirier said. "These activities and any other form of intimidation, harassment or harmful targeting of diaspora communities or individuals in Canada will not be tolerated."

Because the investigation is ongoing, RCMP could not offer further details on the situation, Poirier said.

A Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) car along Roxham Road in Saint-Bernard-de-Lacolle, Quebec, Canada, March 5, 2023. Christinne Muschi/Bloomberg via Getty Images, FILE

Similar "police stations" have been established in the U.S., according to Safeguard Defenders, a European-based human rights organization. The group published their investigation showing where the alleged Chinese "police stations" are in the U.S. in Sept. 2022.

FBI Director Christopher Wray expressed concern about these unauthorized police stations during a congressional hearing in November 2022.

"I'm very concerned about this. We are aware of the existence of these stations," Wray told a U.S. Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing in November.

"But to me, it is outrageous to think that the Chinese police would attempt to set up shop, you know, in New York, let's say, without proper coordination. It violates sovereignty and circumvents standard judicial and law enforcement cooperation processes," he added.Two victims were found dead on March 7 and two were rescued alive.

Four Americans were kidnapped shortly after crossing into Mexico earlier this month. Two survived the violent ordeal, while two members of the group died.

Here's everything we know:

The kidnapping

The four Americans -- Eric James Williams, Zindell Brown and cousins Latavia "Tay" McGee and Shaeed Woodard -- drove the morning of March 3 into Matamoros, Mexico, which is in the northeastern state of Tamaulipas just south of Brownsville, Texas.

"Shortly after crossing into Mexico, unidentified gunmen fired upon the passengers in the vehicle," and then put the four Americans in another car and fled, the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City said.

A member of the Mexican security forces stands next to a white minivan with North Carolina plates and several bullet holes, at the crime scene where gunmen kidnapped four U.S. citizens who crossed into Mexico from Texas, March 3, 2023. Stringer/AP

Irving Barrios, the attorney general of Tamaulipas, said the Americans were not directly targeted and it appears "it was a misunderstanding."

Mexican investigators think the kidnappers may have wrongly believed the Americans were rival human traffickers, a source close to the investigation told ABC News.

Mexican authorities search for evidence as they work to locate four Americans who were shot by gunmen and then kidnapped shortly after crossing the border with Brownsville, Texas, in Matamoros, Mexico, March 6, 2023. Stringer/Reuters

For the first time, the Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas also said on March 9 that a Mexican woman died in the incident. Arely Pablo, 33, died after being hit by a stray bullet during the kidnapping.

The rescue

Williams and McGee survived the kidnapping. They were found the morning of March 7 in a wooden house in the Lagunona area, outside of Matamoros, Mexican officials said.

One of the deceased was also found inside the house, and the second was found outside the house, a source close to the investigation told ABC News.

A still from video of the scene where four Americans who were kidnapped were found by Mexican authorities on March 7, 2023. They were found in a wooden shed and camper in the Lagunona area right outside of the town of Matamoros, Mexico. Milenio

The two Americans found dead had blankets or sheets on top of them, a source close to the investigation told ABC News. One of the dead was wearing a surgical robe when he was found, the source said.

The Mexicans tried to seek medical attention for the Americans who were injured in the kidnapping, the Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas said in a statement on March 9. They were taken in an ambulance to a clinic, according to officials.

State police officers keep watch at the scene where authorities found the bodies of two of four Americans kidnapped by gunmen, in Matamoros, Mexico, March 7, 2023. Daniel Becerril/Reuters

During the days they were held, the Americans were transferred to various places, including a clinic, in order to create confusion and avoid rescue efforts, said the governor of Tamaulipas, Américo Villarreal.

The survivors and the victims

American victims in Mexico. From left to right, deceased Shaeed Woodard, survivor Latavia "Tay" McGee, survivor Eric James Williams, and deceased Zindell Brown in undated images. Courtesy of Laquonda Green, Tay McGee, and Michele Williams, and ABC News.

McGee is a mother of five who traveled from South Carolina to Mexico for a cosmetic medical procedure, according to her family.

Her mother, Barbara Burgess, told ABC News she spoke to her daughter on Tuesday. She said McGee had no major injuries.

Michele Williams, wife of survivor Eric Williams, said the FBI told her that her husband had been shot twice in one leg and once in the other.

He has undergone surgery in a Texas hospital, she said.

Brown, who was among the two killed, was on the trip to Mexico to support his friend, McGee, for her surgery, according to Brown's sister, Zalayna Brown Grant.

"Zindell was a loving son, brother, uncle and friend," Grant wrote on a GoFundMe page. "Our family waited for any news about my brother's return, but he won't be coming home alive."

Woodard, who was also killed, was McGee's cousin, according to McGee's mother.

The bodies of the two Americans killed were repatriated to the U.S. on March 9.

A fifth person who was traveling with the group, Cheryl Orange, did not cross the border into Mexico and remained in Brownsville, according to a police report from the Brownsville Police Department.

Orange did not cross into Mexico because "she did not have her ID with her" and contacted police on March 4, the day after the kidnapping, when she could not get in touch with them, the police report said.

The investigation

Five alleged members of a powerful Mexican cartel were charged with aggravated kidnapping and murder on March 10 in connection to the kidnapping.

The Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas announced the charges a day after the Gulf Cartel allegedly took responsibility for the kidnapping. The five men were found tied up near a pickup truck and a handwritten note was found placed on the windshield of the truck, whose author or authors say they belong to the Gulf Cartel, the dominant organized crime group in this part of Mexico. Neither ABC News nor U.S. officials have been able to independently verify the authenticity of the note.

The five alleged cartel members are seen lying on the ground with their hands tied in front of a truck in a photo provided by a source close to the investigation. Obtained by ABC News

A 24-year-old suspect arrested in connection with the incident was formally indicted on an aggravated kidnapping charge, the Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas said on March 10. The man was allegedly acting as a lookout when authorities finally located the four missing Americans.

The office also announced a homicide charge in the killing of Pablo, the bystander.

The FBI said it's working with "federal and international partners to determine the facts of what happened and to hold those responsible for this horrific and violent attack accountable for their crimes."

Following the recovery of the victims, National Security Council spokesperson John Kirby said, "Attacks on U.S. citizens are unacceptable, no matter where, under what circumstances they occur. We're going to work closely with the Mexican government to ensure that justice is done in this case."

President Joe Biden has "been kept updated" on the situation, White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said on March 7.

The FBI urges anyone with information to call its San Antonio office at 210-225-6741 or submit information on its website.

ABC News' Miles Cohen, Ellie Kaufman, Matt Rivers, Anne Laurent, Shannon Crawford, Dan Carranza and Luke Barr contributed to this report.The group crossed into Mexico on Friday. One of the two found alive is injured.

Two of the four Americans kidnapped in Mexico have been found dead, while the other two were rescued alive, officials announced Tuesday.

The survivors -- Eric James Williams and Latavia "Tay" McGee -- have returned to the U.S., their families said.

Split photo shows Eric James Williams and Latavia "Tay" McGee Left Photo: Courtesy Michele Williams; Right: Tay McGee

The four Americans -- Williams, McGee, Zindell Brown and McGee's cousin Shaeed Woodard -- arrived Friday morning in Matamoros, Mexico, which is in the northeastern state of Tamaulipas just south of Brownsville, Texas.

"Shortly after crossing into Mexico, unidentified gunmen fired upon the passengers in the vehicle," the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City said. The Americans had been traveling in a white minivan.

A member of the Mexican security forces stands next to a white minivan with North Carolina plates and several bullet holes, at the crime scene where gunmen kidnapped four U.S. citizens who crossed into Mexico from Texas, March 3, 2023. Stringer/AP

"The gunmen herded the four U.S. citizens into another vehicle and fled," the embassy said.

The Americans were not directly targeted, Attorney General of Tamaulipas, Irving Barrios, said at a news conference.

It "seems to be that it was a misunderstanding," Barrios said.

Mexican investigators believe the kidnappers may have wrongly believed the Americans were rival human traffickers, a source close to the investigation told ABC News.

Mexican army soldiers prepare a search mission for four U.S. citizens kidnapped by gunmen in Matamoros, Mexico, March 6, 2023. AP

A general view of a storage shed behind a police cordon, at the scene where authorities found the bodies of two of four Americans kidnapped by gunmen, in Matamoros, Mexico, March 7, 2023. Daniel Becerril/Reuters

The two survivors were found Tuesday morning in a wooden house in the Lagunona area, outside of Matamoros, Mexican officials said at a news conference. One of the deceased was also found inside the house, and the second was found outside it, a source close to the investigation told ABC News.

Williams had a gunshot wound to his leg, said the governor of Tamaulipas, Américo Villarreal.

Eric James Williams is seen in an undated file photo. Courtesy Michele Williams

Images of the place where 4 American citizens were found are shown in screens during a press conference to give details after two American citizens were found dead in Matamoros, Tamaulipas, at Auditorium of Secretaria de Seguridad y Proteccion Ciudadana on March 07, 2023 in Mexico City. Hector Vivas/Getty Images

During the three days they were held, the Americans were transferred to various places, including a clinic, in order to create confusion and avoid rescue efforts, Villarreal said.

One person has been arrested. The 24-year-old suspect was in charge of looking after the victims inside the house where they were found, Mexican officials said.

One of the survivors, McGee, is a mother of five who traveled from South Carolina to Mexico for a cosmetic medical procedure.

Latavia "Tay" McGee is seen here in an undated file photo. Tay McGee

Her mother, Barbara Burgess, told ABC News she "had to hold my heart" when the FBI came to her home on Tuesday with the news her daughter was alive.

McGee spoke to her mother from a Texas hospital on Tuesday and told her mother she had no major injuries, Burgess said.

Williams, the second survivor, called his wife, Michele Williams, as he was being transported to a Texas hospital, she told ABC News.

"It was just tears of joy," she said.

Michele Williams said the FBI told her that her husband had been shot twice in one leg and once in the other. He underwent surgery in Texas for the wounds, she said.

The surviving victims were transported to the Port of Entry in Brownsville, where they are receiving medical care at a local hospital, the FBI said in a statement Tuesday. One of the victims "sustained serious bodily injuries during the attack," the FBI said.

"This is still an ongoing criminal investigation," the FBI said, adding that it is working with federal and international partners "to determine the facts of what happened and to hold those responsible for this horrific and violent attack accountable for their crimes."

State police officers keep watch at the scene where authorities found the bodies of two of four Americans kidnapped by gunmen, in Matamoros, Mexico, March 7, 2023. Daniel Becerril/Reuters

Tamaulipas attorney general's office personnel walk at the scene where authorities found the bodies of two of four Americans kidnapped by gunmen, in Matamoros, Mexico, March 7, 2023. Daniel Becerril/Reuters

The bodies of the two deceased Americans will be transferred to the U.S. on Tuesday, Mexican officials said. The State Department is "in the process" of repatriating the two deceased victims, spokesperson Ned Price said Tuesday afternoon.

Autopsies will be conducted on the two victims who were killed, a source close to the investigation told ABC News.

National Security Council spokesperson John Kirby told reporters Tuesday, "We offer our deepest condolences to the friends and families of those who were killed in these attacks."

A woman is carried to the back of a white pickup truck in this still image obtained from social media video that shows the kidnapping of Americans in Matamoros, Mexico, March 3, 2023. Video Obtained By Reuters

Price said, "We thank our Mexican and U.S. law enforcement partners for their efforts to find these innocent victims and the task forward is to ensure that justice is done."

President Joe Biden has "been kept updated" on the situation, White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said Tuesday, adding that U.S. officials are in touch with the families.

Jean-Pierre called attacks on U.S. citizens "unacceptable."

U.S. Attorney General Merrick Garland said in a statement Tuesday that the Department of Justice will do "everything in our power" to hold those responsible for the attack to account.

ABC News' Ellie Kaufman, Matt Rivers, Anne Laurent, Shannon Crawford, Dan Carranza and Luke Barr contributed to this report.A note left on a truck said some Gulf Cartel members were responsible.

Five alleged members of a powerful Mexican cartel were charged with aggravated kidnapping and murder on Friday in connection to the kidnapping of four Americans, and the killing of two of them, in the border city of Matamoros.

The Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas announced the charges a day after the Gulf Cartel allegedly took responsibility for the kidnapping. The five men were found tied up near a pickup truck on Thursday morning and a handwritten note was found placed on the windshield of the truck, whose author or authors say they belong to the Gulf Cartel, the dominant organized crime group in this part of Mexico.

ABC News has geolocated that location as the same area where the U.S. citizens were kidnapped one week ago.

The note said some Gulf Cartel members were responsible for the kidnapping and killings and apologized for their actions.

"We have decided to deliver those involved and directly responsible," the note said, presumably referring to the five men found tied up at the scene.

Multiple different law enforcement agencies, along with members of the Mexican army, responded to the scene.

The five alleged cartel members are seen lying on the ground with their hands tied in front of a truck in a photo provided by a source close to the investigation. Obtained by ABC News

Police allegedly found two weapons inside the truck when they detained the five men -- an AK-47 and an AR-15 -- as well as four AK-47 magazines, three AR-15 magazines and cartridges of different calibers, according to a copy of the police report from Mexican authorities obtained by ABC News from a source close to the investigation.

Police found the men inside the truck with their hands tied with belts, along with the note, according to the police report.

Weapons allegedly found by Mexican authorities inside the truck are seen in a photo provided by a source close to the investigation. Obtained by ABC News

Multiple sources close to the investigation said they believe the note left on the windshield to be legitimate.

Neither ABC News nor U.S. officials have been able to independently verify the authenticity of the note.

ABC News has reached out to the FBI for comment.

The four kidnapped Americans -- Eric James Williams, Zindell Brown and cousins Latavia "Tay" McGee and Shaeed Woodard -- drove Friday morning into Matamoros, in the northeastern state of Tamaulipas just south of Brownsville, Texas. McGee had traveled from South Carolina to Mexico for a cosmetic medical procedure.

American victims in Mexico. From left to right, deceased Shaeed Woodard, survivor Latavia "Tay" McGee, survivor Eric James Williams, and deceased Zindell Brown in undated images. Courtesy of Laquonda Green, Tay McGee, and Michele Williams, and ABC News.

Soon after crossing the border, "unidentified gunmen fired upon the passengers in the vehicle," and then put the four Americans in another car and fled, the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City said.

Mexican investigators believe the kidnappers may have wrongly believed the Americans were rival human traffickers, a source close to the investigation told ABC News.

The two survivors -- McGee and Williams -- were found Tuesday morning in a wooden house in the Lagunona area, outside of Matamoros, Mexican officials said. Williams was shot in both legs while McGee was largely unharmed, family members said.

One of the deceased was also found inside the house, and the second was found outside it, a source close to the investigation told ABC News.

During the three days they were held, the Americans were transferred to various places, including a medical clinic, in order to create confusion and avoid rescue efforts, according to the governor of Tamaulipas, Américo Villarreal.

A general view of a storage shed behind a police cordon, at the scene where authorities found the bodies of two of four Americans kidnapped by gunmen, in Matamoros, Mexico, March 7, 2023. Daniel Becerril/Reuters

The two survivors were being treated at a hospital in Brownsville following their rescue. The bodies of the two Americans killed were repatriated to the U.S. on Thursday.

A 24-year-old suspect arrested earlier this week in connection with the incident has now been formally indicted on an aggravated kidnapping charge, the Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas said on Friday. The man was allegedly acting as a lookout when authorities finally located the four missing Americans.

The office also announced a homicide charge in the killing of Arely Pablo, 33, a Mexican bystander who died after being hit by a stray bullet during the kidnapping.The shooting took place in Hamburg, police said.

Five people were killed, as well as an unborn child, in a mass shooting at a building used by Jehovah's Witnesses in Hamburg, Germany, on Thursday evening, police said.

Eight people were also injured in the shooting, said police, including the pregnant mother of the unborn child. The 33-year-old woman, who was 28 weeks pregnant, suffered serious injuries, according to police.

Three of those injured suffered life-threatening injuries, while four others -- including the mother -- suffered serious injuries. One man suffered minor injuries, police said.

Police officers on the scene of a shooting in Hamburg, Germany, March 9, 2023. Jonas Walzberg/dpa via Newscom

A suspected shooter was found dead in a community center, according to police, who initially conducted searches to "rule out the involvement of other perpetrators." Authorities now believe he acted alone.

The 35-year-old man died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound on an upper floor of the building where the shooting took place, police said Friday. He had no known connection to terrorism.

Police said the six adults who died were between the ages of 33 and 60.

Police secures the area after a shooting in the northern German city of Hamburg, Germany, March 9, 2023. Fabian Bimmer/Reuters

The incident occurred around 9 p.m., according to an alert from the city of Hamburg.

The streets around the building were cordoned off and residents were advised to avoid the area and shelter in place "for the time being," the alert said. Police later began lifting shelter-in-place orders in the city.

Armed police officers and emergency services near the scene of a shooting in Hamburg, Germany on March 9, 2023 after one or more people opened fire in a church. Jonas Walzberg/AP

Hamburg Mayor Peter Tschentscher called reports of the deadly shooting "shocking" and offered his "deepest condolences" to the families of the victims.

"The emergency services are working flat out to track down the perpetrators and clarify the background," he said in a statement earlier Thursday.

ABC News' Will Gretsky contributed to this report.After Russia invaded Ukraine, guerrillas from Belarus began carrying out acts of sabotage on their country’s railways

After Russia invaded Ukraine, guerrillas from Belarus began carrying out acts of sabotage on their country's railways, including blowing up track equipment to paralyze the rails that Russian forces used to get troops and weapons into Ukraine.

In the most recent sabotage to make international headlines, they attacked a Russian warplane parked just outside the Belarusian capital.

“Belarusians will not allow the Russians to freely use our territory for the war with Ukraine, and we want to force them to leave,” Anton, a retired Belarusian serviceman who joined a group of saboteurs, told The Associated Press in a phone interview.

“The Russians must understand on whose side the Belarusians are actually fighting," he said, speaking on the condition that his last name be withheld for security reasons.

More than a year after Russia used the territory of its neighbor and ally to invade Ukraine, Belarus continues to host Russian troops, as well as warplanes, missiles and other weapons. The Belarusian opposition condemns the cooperation, and a guerrilla movement sprang up to disrupt the Kremlin's operations, both on the ground and online. Meanwhile, Belarus' authoritarian government is trying to crack down on saboteurs with threats of the death penalty and long prison terms.

Activists say the rail attacks have forced the Russian military to abandon the use of trains to send troops and materiel to Ukraine.

The retired serviceman is a member of the Association of Security Forces of Belarus, or BYPOL, a guerrilla group founded amid mass political protests in Belarus in 2020. Its core is composed of former military members.

During the first year of the war, Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko realized that getting involved in the conflict “will cost him a lot and will ignite dangerous processes inside Belarus,” said Anton Matolka, coordinator of the Belarusian military monitoring group Belaruski Hajun.

Last month, BYPOL claimed responsibility for a drone attack on a Russian warplane stationed near the Belarusian capital. The group said it used two armed drones to damage the Beriev A-50 parked at the Machulishchy Air Base near Minsk. Belarusian authorities have said they requested the early warning aircraft to monitor their border.

Lukashenko acknowledged the attack a week later, saying that the damage to the plane was insignificant, but admitting it had to be sent to Russia for repairs.

The iron-fisted leader also said the perpetrator of the attack was arrested along with more than 20 accomplices and that he has ties to Ukrainian security services.

Both BYPOL and Ukrainian authorities rejected allegations that Kyiv was involved. BYPOL leader Aliaksandr Azarau said the people who carried out the assault were able to leave Belarus safely.

“We are not familiar with the person Lukashenko talked about,” he said.

The attack on the plane, which Azarau said was used to help Russia locate Ukrainian air defense systems, was “an attempt to blind Russian military aviation in Belarus."

He said the group is preparing other operations to free Belarus “from the Russian occupation” and to free Belarus from Lukashenko’s regime.

"We have a two-headed enemy these days,” said Azarau, who remains outside Belarus.

Former military officers in the BYPOL group work closely with the team of Belarus’ exiled opposition leader, Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya, who ran against Lukashenko in the 2020 presidential election that was widely seen as rigged.

The disputed vote results handed him his sixth term in office and triggered the largest protests in the country’s history. In response, Lukashenko unleashed a brutal crackdown on demonstrators, accusing the opposition of plotting to overthrow the government. Tsikhanouskaya fled to Lithuania under pressure.

With the protests still simmering a year after the election, BYPOL created an underground network of anti-government activists dubbed Peramoha, or Victory. According to Azarau, the network has some 200,000 participants, two-thirds of them in Belarus.

“Lukashenko has something to be afraid of,” Azarau said.

Belarusian guerrillas say they have already carried out 17 major acts of sabotage on railways. The first took place just two days after Russian troops rolled into Ukraine.

A month later, then-Ukrainian railways head Oleksandr Kamyshin said there “was no longer any railway traffic between Ukraine and Belarus,” and thanked Belarusian guerrillas for it.

Another group of guerrillas operates in cyberspace. Their coordinator, Yuliana Shametavets, said some 70 Belarusian IT specialists are hacking into Russian government databases and attacking websites of Russian and Belarusian state institutions.

“The future of Belarus depends directly on the military success of Ukraine,” Shametavets said. “We’re trying to contribute to Ukraine’s victory as best we can.”

Last month, the cyberguerrillas reported hacking a subsidiary of Russia’s state media watchdog, Roskomnadzor. They said they were able to penetrate the subsidiary’s inner network, download more than two terabytes of documents and emails, and share data showing how Russian authorities censor information about the war in Ukraine.

They also hacked into Belarus’ state database containing information about border crossings and are now preparing a report on Ukrainian citizens who were recruited by Russia and went to meet with their handlers in Belarus.

In addition, the cyberguerrillas help vet Belarusians who volunteer to join the Kastus Kalinouski regiment that fights alongside Kyiv’s forces. Shametovets said they were able to identify four security operatives among the applicants.

Belarusian authorities have unleashed a crackdown on guerrillas.

Last May, Lukashenko signed off on introducing the death penalty for attempted terrorist acts. Last month, the Belarusian parliament also adopted the death penalty as punishment for high treason. Lukashenko signed the measure Thursday.

“Belarusian authorities are seriously scared by the scale of the guerrilla movement inside the country and don’t know what to do with it, so they chose harsh repressions, intimidation and fear as the main tool,” said Pavel Sapelka of the Viasna human rights group.

Dozens have been arrested, while many others have fled the country.

Siarhei Vaitsekhovich runs a Telegram blog where he regularly posts about Russian drills in Belarus and the deployment of Russian military equipment and troops to the country. He had to leave Belarus after authorities began investigating him on charges of treason and forming an extremist group.

Vaitsekhovich said his 15-year-old brother was recently detained in an effort to pressure him to take the blog down and cooperate with the security services.

The Russian Federal Security Service "is very unhappy with the fact that information about movements of Russian military equipment spills out into public domain,” Vaitsekhovich said.

According to Viasna, over the past 12 months at least 1,575 Belarusians have been detained for their anti-war stance, and 56 have been convicted on various charges and sentenced to prison terms ranging from a year to 23 years.

Anton says he understands the risks. On one of the railway attacks he worked with three associates who were each sentenced in November to more than 20 years in prison.

“It is hard to say who is in a more difficult position — a Ukrainian in a trench or a Belarusian on a stakeout,” he said.Iran and Saudi Arabia have agreed to reestablish diplomatic relations and reopen embassies after years of tensions

DUBAI, United Arab Emirates -- Iran and Saudi Arabia agreed Friday to reestablish diplomatic relations and reopen embassies after seven years of tensions. The major diplomatic breakthrough negotiated with China lowers the chance of armed conflict between the Mideast rivals — both directly and in proxy conflicts around the region.

The deal, struck in Beijing this week amid its ceremonial National People’s Congress, represents a major diplomatic victory for the Chinese as Gulf Arab states perceive the United States slowly withdrawing from the wider Middle East. It also comes as diplomats have been trying to end a long war in Yemen, a conflict in which both Iran and Saudi Arabia are deeply entrenched.

The two countries released a joint communique on the deal with China, which brokered the agreement as President Xi Jinping was awarded a third five-year term as leader earlier Friday.

Xi, whose administration in recent days has relaunched a campaign to challenge the U.S.-led Western liberal order with warnings of “conflict and confrontation,” was credited in a trilateral statement with facilitating the talks through a “noble initiative” and having personally agreed to sponsor the negotiations that lasted from Monday through Friday.

Videos showed Ali Shamkhani, the secretary of Iran’s Supreme National Security Council, meeting with Saudi national security adviser Musaad bin Mohammed al-Aiban and Wang Yi, China's most senior diplomat.

The statement calls for reestablishing ties and reopening embassies to happen “within a maximum period of two months.” A meeting by their foreign ministers is also planned.

In the video, Wang could be heard offering “wholehearted congratulations” on the two countries' “wisdom."

“Both sides have displayed sincerity,” he said. “China fully supports this agreement.”

The United Nations welcomed the Saudi-Iranian rapprochement and thanked China for its role. “Good neighborly relations between Iran and Saudi Arabia are essential for the stability of the Gulf region,” U.N. spokesperson Stéphane Dujarric said at U.N. headquarters.

The U.S. also welcomed “any efforts to help end the war in Yemen and de-escalate tensions in the Middle East region,” White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said. However, the State Department offered a word of caution about an agreement in which America seems to have played no part: “Of course, it remains to be seen whether the Iranian regime will honor their side of the deal.”

China, which last month hosted Iran's hard-line President Ebrahim Raisi, is a top purchaser of Saudi oil. Xi visited Riyadh in December for meetings with oil-rich Gulf Arab nations crucial to China’s energy supplies. However, it doesn't provide the same military protections for Gulf Arab states as America, making Beijing's involvement that much more notable.

Iran's state-run IRNA news agency quoted Shamkhani as calling the talks "clear, transparent, comprehensive and constructive.”

“Removing misunderstandings and the future-oriented views in relations between Tehran and Riyadh will definitely lead to improving regional stability and security, as well as increasing cooperation among Persian Gulf nations and the world of Islam for managing current challenges,” Shamkhani said.

Al-Aiban thanked Iraq and Oman for mediating between Iran and the kingdom, according to his remarks carried by the state-run Saudi Press Agency.

“While we value what we have reached, we hope that we will continue to continue the constructive dialogue,” the Saudi official said.

Tensions long have been high between Iran and Saudi Arabia. The kingdom broke ties with Iran in 2016 after protesters invaded Saudi diplomatic posts there. Saudi Arabia had executed a prominent Shiite cleric with 46 others days earlier, triggering the demonstrations.

That came as Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, then a deputy, began his rise to power. The son of King Salman, Prince Mohammed previously compared Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei to Nazi Germany's Adolf Hitler, and threatened to strike Iran.

Since then, the U.S. unilaterally withdrew from Iran's nuclear deal with world powers in 2018. Iran has been blamed for a series of attacks after that, including one targeting the heart of Saudi Arabia's oil industry in 2019, temporarily halving the kingdom's crude production.

Though Yemen's Iranian-backed Houthi rebels initially claimed the attack, Western nations and experts blamed Tehran. Iran denied it and also denied carrying out other assaults later attributed to the Islamic Republic.

Religion also plays a key role in their relations. Saudi Arabia, home to the cube-shaped Kaaba that Muslims pray toward five times a day, has portrayed itself as the world’s leading Sunni nation. Iran’s theocracy, meanwhile, views itself as the protector of Islam’s Shiite minority.

The two powerhouses have competing interests elsewhere, such as in the turmoil in Lebanon and in the rebuilding of Iraq following the U.S.-led 2003 invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein.

The leader of the Iranian-backed Lebanese militia and political group Hezbollah, Hassan Nasrallah, said the agreement could "open new horizons” in Lebanon, Syria and Yemen. Iraq, Oman and the United Arab Emirates also praised the accord.

Kristian Coates Ulrichsen, a research fellow at Rice University’s Baker Institute who long has studied the region, said Saudi Arabia reaching the deal with Iran came after the United Arab Emirates reached a similar understanding with Tehran.

“This dialing down of tensions and de-escalation has been underway for three years and this was triggered by Saudi acknowledgement in their view that without unconditional U.S. backing they were unable to project power vis-a-vis Iran and the rest of the region,” he said.

Prince Mohammed, focused on massive construction projects at home, likely wants to pull out of the Yemen war as well, Ulrichsen added.

“Instability could do a lot of damage to his plans,” he said.

The Houthis seized Yemen’s capital, Sanaa, in 2014 and forced the internationally recognized government into exile in Saudi Arabia. A Saudi-led coalition armed with U.S. weaponry and intelligence entered the war on the side of Yemen’s exiled government in 2015. Years of inconclusive fighting created a humanitarian disaster and pushed the Arab world’s poorest nation to the brink of famine.

A six-month cease-fire, the longest of the Yemen conflict, expired in October.

Negotiations have been ongoing recently, including in Oman, a longtime interlocutor between Iran and the U.S. Some have hoped for an agreement ahead of the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan, which begins later in March. Iran and Saudi Arabia have held intermittent talks in recent years but it wasn't clear if Yemen was the impetus for this new detente.

Yemeni rebel spokesman Mohamed Abdulsalam appeared to welcome the deal in a statement that also slammed the U.S. and Israel. "The region needs the return of normal relations between its countries, through which the Islamic society can regain its lost security as a result of the foreign interventions, led by the Zionists and Americans,″ he said.

For Israel, which has wanted to normalize relations with Saudi Arabia despite the Palestinians remaining without a state of their own, Riyadh easing tensions with Iran could complicate its own regional calculations.

The government of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu offered no immediate comment Friday. Netanyahu, under pressure politically at home, has threatened military action against Iran's nuclear program as it enriches closer than ever to weapons-grade levels. Riyadh seeking peace with Tehran takes one potential ally for a strike off the table.

It was unclear what this development meant for Washington. Though long viewed as guaranteeing Mideast energy security, regional leaders have grown increasingly wary of U.S. intentions after its chaotic 2021 withdrawal from Afghanistan.

But the White House bristled at the notion a Saudi-Iran agreement in Beijing suggests a rise of Chinese influence in the Mideast. “I would stridently push back on this idea that we’re stepping back in the Middle East — far from it,” National Security Council spokesman John Kirby said.

Mark Dubowitz, head of the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies, which opposes the Iran nuclear deal, said renewed Iran-Saudi ties via Chinese mediation "is a lose, lose, lose for American interests,” noting: “Beijing adores a vacuum.”

But Trita Parsi of the Quincy Institute, which advocates engagement with Iran and supports the nuclear deal, called it “good news for the Middle East, since Saudi-Iranian tensions have been a driver of instability.” He added that “China has emerged as a player that can resolve disputes rather than merely sell weapons to the conflicting parties,” noting a more stable Middle East also benefits the U.S.

___

Associated Press writers Nasser Karimi in Tehran, Iran, Jack Jeffery in Cairo, Aamer Mahdani, Darlene Superville and Matthew Lee in Washington, Jennifer Peltz in New York and Bassem Mroue and Abby Sewell in Beirut contributed.Three former organizers of Hong Kong’s annual vigil in remembrance of victims of China’s 1989 crackdown on pro-democracy protests have been jailed for four and a half months for failing to provide authorities with information on the group in accordance...

HONG KONG -- Three former organizers of Hong Kong's annual vigil in remembrance of victims of China’s 1989 crackdown on pro-democracy protests were jailed Saturday for four and a half months for failing to provide authorities with information on the group in accordance with a national security law.

Chow Hang-tung, Tang Ngok-kwan and Tsui Hon-kwong were arrested in 2021 during a crackdown on the city’s pro-democracy movement following massive protests more than three years ago. They were leaders of the Hong Kong Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements of China and were found guilty last week.

The now-defunct alliance was best known for organizing candlelight vigils in Hong Kong on the anniversary of the 1989 Chinese military’s crushing of Tiananmen Square pro-democracy protests, but it was voted to disband in 2021 under the shadow of the Beijing-imposed national security law.

Supporters say its closure has shown freedoms and autonomy that were promised when Hong Kong returned to China in 1997 are diminishing.

Before its disbandment, police had sought details about its operations and finances in connection with alleged links to democracy groups overseas, accusing it of being a foreign agent. But the group refused to cooperate, arguing the police did not have a right to ask for its information because it was not a foreign agent and the authorities did not provide sufficient justification.

Under the security law’s implementation rules, the police chief can request a range of information from a foreign agent. Failure to comply with the request could result in six months in jail and a fine of 100,000 Hong Kong dollars ($12,740) if convicted.

In her mitigation, Chow said the alliance was not a foreign agent and that nothing had emerged that proved otherwise, so sentencing them was about punishing people for defending the truth.

She said national security is being used as a pretext to wage a war on civil society.

“Sir, sentence us for our insubordination if you must, but when the exercise of power is based on lies, being insubordinate is the only way to be human,” she said.

Handing down the sentences, principal magistrate Peter Law said the case is the first of its kind under the new law and the sentencing has to send a clear message to society that the law does not condone any violation.

Law, who was approved by the city’s leader to oversee the case, said he saw no justification for reducing the four-and-a-half-month sentence.

In previous legal proceedings, the court ordered a partial redaction of some information after prosecutors argued that a full disclosure of information would jeopardize an ongoing probe into national security cases. Hence, some crucial details, including the names of groups that were alleged to have links with the alliance, were redacted.

Defense lawyer Philip Dykes said he could not say “how strong or weak” the alleged links were and that made mitigation difficult.

The annual vigil organized by the alliance was the only large-scale public commemoration of the June 4th crackdown on Chinese soil and was attended by massive crowds until authorities banned it in 2020, citing anti-pandemic measures.

Chow, along with two other former alliance leaders, Lee Cheuk-yan and Albert Ho, were charged with inciting subversion of state power under the security law in 2021. The alliance itself was charged with subversion.

The national security law criminalizes secession, subversion, and collusion with foreign forces to intervene in the city’s affairs as well as terrorism. Many pro-democracy activists were silenced or jailed after its enactment in 2020.

In a separate case, Elizabeth Tang, who was arrested for endangering national security earlier this week, was released on bail on Saturday. Tang is a veteran labor activist and also Lee's wife.

In a statement Thursday that did not provide a name, police said they had arrested a 65-year-old woman on Hong Kong Island for suspected collusion with a foreign country or with external elements to endanger national security. It said she was being detained for investigation.

“I feel clueless because my work is always about labor rights and organizing trade unions. So I don’t understand why I was accused of breaking the law and endangering national security,” she told reporters on Saturday after being released.Indonesian government authorities unveiled the site of the country’s new capital this week, showing a preview of what progress has been made on the city’s construction

JAKARTA, Indonesia -- Jakarta is congested, polluted, prone to earthquakes and rapidly sinking into the Java Sea. Now the government is in the process of leaving, moving Indonesia’s capital to the island of Borneo.

Indonesian officials say the new metropolis will be a “sustainable forest city" that puts the environment at the heart of the development and aims to be carbon-neutral by 2045.

But environmentalists warn that the capital will cause massive deforestation, threaten the habitat of endangered species such as orangutans and imperil the homes of Indigenous communities.

While access to the new capital's site is usually limited, The Associated Press was allowed to tour parts of the site to view construction progress in early March.

Here's a look at why the capital is moving, the government's plans and why activists are worried about how it will impact the environment, endangered species and Indigenous communities located near the project site.

WHY IS INDONESIA MOVING ITS CAPITAL?

Jakarta is home to about 10 million people and three times that number in the greater metropolitan area. It has been described as the world’s most rapidly sinking city, and at the current rate, it is estimated that one-third of the city could be submerged by 2050. The main cause is uncontrolled ground water extraction, but it has been exacerbated by the rising Java Sea due to climate change.

Its air and groundwater are heavily polluted, it floods regularly and its streets are so clogged that it's estimated congestion costs the economy $4.5 billion a year.

President Joko Widodo envisions the construction of a new capital as a nostrum for the problems plaguing Jakarta, reducing its population while allowing the country to start fresh with a “sustainable city."

WHAT WILL THE NEW CAPITAL BE LIKE?

Widodo’s plan to establish the city of Nusantara — an old Javanese term meaning “archipelago” — will entail constructing government buildings and housing from scratch. Initial estimates were that over 1.5 million civil servants would be relocated to the city, some 2,000 kilometers (1,240 miles) northeast of Jakarta, though ministries and government agencies are still working to finalize that number.

Bambang Susantono, head of the Nusantara National Capital Authority said that the new capital city will apply the “forest city” concept, with 65% of the area being reforested.

The city is expected to be inaugurated on Aug. 17 next year to coincide with Indonesia’s Independence Day. New capital authorities said that the final stages of the city, however, likely won’t be completed until 2045, marking the nation’s hundredth anniversary.

WHY ARE ENVIRONMENTALISTS CONCERNED?

Skeptics worry, however, about the environmental impact of building a sprawling 256,000-hectare (990-square-mile) city down in Borneo’s East Kalimantan province, which is home to orangutans, leopards and a wide array of other wildlife.

Forest Watch Indonesia, an Indonesian nongovernmental organization that monitors forestry issues, warned in a November 2022 report that most of the forested areas in the new capital are “production forests” meaning permits could be granted for forestry and extractive activities that would lead to further deforestation. Until now there has been no certainty regarding the protection status of the remaining natural forests in the new capital city area, the report said.

Data analysis from AP also showed that the region can expect more days of extreme heat in years to come.

HOW ARE INDIGENOUS COMMUNITIES IMPACTED?

At least five villages with more than 100 Indigenous Balik people are relocating because of the construction, with more villages expected to be uprooted as the building site expands.

The government said the new capital has received support from local community leaders, and has provided compensation to people whose land is being used for the city.

But Sibukdin, an Indigenous leader who like many in the country only uses one name and lives in Sepaku, a ward very close to the construction area, said community members felt compelled to take the money they were offered by the government without knowing how compensation is calculated or if it was fair, he said.

___

AP photographer Achmad Ibrahim and videographer Fadlan Syam contributed to this report from East Kalimantan, Indonesia.

___

Associated Press climate and environmental coverage receives support from several private foundations. See more about AP’s climate initiative here. The AP is solely responsible for all content.Authorities in Haiti have identified new suspects in the July 2021 killing of President Jovenel Moïse

PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- Authorities in Haiti have identified new suspects in the July 2021 killing of President Jovenel Moïse, including a pastor and a well-known gang leader.

Police spokesman Garry Desrosiers said in an interview Friday with Radio Télévision Caraïbes that warrants also have been issued for eight police officers.

None of the new suspects have been arrested, and it wasn’t clear what alleged roles they might have played.

Desrosiers identified the gang leader as Vitel’Homme Innocent, leader of the Kraze Barye gang, which roughly translates to “breaking barriers.” He is also sought by the FBI, which accused him of helping kidnap 17 U.S. missionaries in October 2021.

Desrosiers did not provide further details, and he did not immediately return a message for comment.

Before the new arrest warrants were announced, more than 40 suspects had been detained in the case, including at least 18 Colombian ex-soldiers accused of raiding Moïse’s private residence in an attack that injured his wife.

Another 11 suspects are in U.S. custody, including a former Haitian senator and other key players.A letter claiming to be from the Mexican drug cartel blamed for abducting four Americans and killing two of them condemns the violence and says the gang turned its own members who were responsible over to authorities

CIUDAD VICTORIA, Mexico -- A letter claiming to be from the Mexican drug cartel blamed for abducting four Americans and killing two of them condemned the violence and said the gang turned over to authorities its own members who were responsible.

In a letter obtained by The Associated Press through a Tamaulipas state law enforcement official, the Scorpions faction of the Gulf cartel apologized to the residents of Matamoros where the Americans were kidnapped, the Mexican woman who died in the cartel shootout, and the four Americans and their families.

“We have decided to turn over those who were directly involved and responsible in the events, who at all times acted under their own decision-making and lack of discipline,” the letter reads, adding that those individuals had gone against the cartel’s rules, which include “respecting the life and well-being of the innocent.”

Drug cartels have been known to issue communiques to intimidate rivals and authorities, but also at times like these as public relations work to try to smooth over situations that could affect their business. And last Friday’s violence in Matamoros was bad for cartel business.

The Americans' killings brought National Guard troops and an Army special forces outfit running patrols that “heat up the plaza” in narco terminology, Mexican security analyst David Saucedo said.

“It is very difficult right now for them to continue working in terms of street-level drug sales and transferring drugs to the United States; they are the first ones interested in closing this chapter as soon as possible,” Saucedo said.

A photograph of five bound men face-down on the pavement accompanied the letter, which was shared with The Associated Press by the official on condition that they remain anonymous because they were not authorized to share the document.

State officials did not immediately publicly confirm having new suspects in custody.

A separate state security official said that five men had been found tied up inside one of the vehicles that authorities had been searching for, along with the letter. That official also spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak about the case.

The cousin of one of the victims said his family feels “great” knowing that Eric Williams, who was shot in the left leg, is alive but does not accept any apologies from the cartel blamed for kidnapping the Americans.

“It ain’t gonna change nothing about the suffering that we went through,” Jerry Wallace told the AP on Thursday. Wallace, 62, called for the American and Mexican governments to better address cartel violence.

Last Friday, the four Americans crossed into Matamoros from Texas so that one of them could have cosmetic surgery. Around midday, they were fired on in downtown Matamoros and then loaded into a pickup truck. A Mexican woman, Areli Pablo Servando, 33, was also killed, apparently by a stray bullet.

Another friend, who remained in Brownsville, called police after being unable to reach the group that crossed the border Friday morning.

Brownsville Police Department spokesman Martin Sandoval said Thursday that officers followed protocol by checking local hospitals and jails after receiving the report of the missing people. A detective was assigned to the case within the hour and then alerted the FBI after realizing the people had crossed into Mexico. Shortly after, the FBI took over the case as social media videos began to show a shootout with the victims matching the description of the missing people.

Authorities located them Tuesday morning on the outskirts of the city, guarded by a man who was arrested. Zindell Brown and Shaeed Woodard died in the attack; Williams and Latavia McGee survived.

On Thursday, two hearses carrying the bodies of Woodard and Brown crossed the international bridge to Brownsville, where the remains were handed over to U.S. authorities.

Woodard’s cousin, McGee, had surprised him with the fatal road trip as a birthday getaway, according to his father, James Woodard. He said he was speechless upon hearing that the cartel had apologized for the violent abduction that killed his son and was captured in footage that quickly spread online.

“Just being helpless — not to be able to do anything, not to be able to go there and just rescue them — it’s real painful,” James Woodard said.

Thursday’s letter was not an unheard of cartel tactic.

Cartels’ community relations efforts are well-known within Mexico. In contested territory, one cartel might hang banners around a city blaming a rival for recent violence and distinguishing themselves as the gang that does not mess with civilians.

Last November, such banners appeared around Guanajuato state, purportedly written by the Jalisco New Generation cartel, that blamed a rival for a spate of killings in bars and other businesses.

In other situations, the message is more blunt: Bodies are left inside a vehicle with a note or hung from a highway overpass on a heavily transited road. The motivation is terror.

More subtly, cartels use their power to plant stories in the local press or keep stories from appearing. Their members are active on social media.

Their underlying interest is facilitating their business whether that be smuggling drugs and migrants or extortion.

Sometimes a cartel will shoot up its rival’s territory hoping to trigger a law enforcement response to make business difficult for their opponents. That’s what appeared to happen two years ago in Reynosa, just up the border from Matamoros. Gunmen drove into town shooting and killed 14 innocent bystanders.

Handing over alleged cartel suspects to police is also not without precedent. Saucedo cautioned that a cartel leader may have authorized the attack then regretted it and decided to offer sacrificial lambs to police.

In 2008, drug traffickers in Michoacan lobbed hand grenades into a crowd celebrating Mexico’s independence, killing eight. Days later, authorities arrested three suspects, but it turns out they had been kidnapped by a cartel, beaten into confessions implicating a rival group and turned over to police.

Meanwhile, the Tamaulipas state prosecutor's office said Thursday it had seized an ambulance and a medical clinic in Matamoros that were allegedly used to provide treatment to the Americans after the shooting.

The Americans told investigators they were taken to the clinic in an ambulance to receive first aid, the statement said. By reviewing police surveillance video around the city, authorities were able to identify the ambulance and find the clinic. No arrests were made at the clinic, according to the statement.

___

Stevenson reported from Mexico City and Pollard from Lake City, South Carolina. Associated Press writer Acacia Coronado in Austin, Texas, and Associated Press video journalist Hilary Powell in Lake City, South Carolina, contributed to this report.A man who appeared to be shot dead by Russian-speakers in a short video has been tentatively identified as a missing Ukrainian soldier

KYIV, Ukraine -- A man who appeared to be shot dead by Russian-speakers in a short video was tentatively identified Tuesday as a missing Ukrainian soldier while the footage circulated widely on Ukrainian social media and caused an uproar.

The country's chief prosecutor announced a criminal investigation into the killing, and human rights chief Dmytro Lubinets argued that it was a violation of the Geneva Conventions.

Senior Ukrainian officials alleged, without providing further evidence, that the man was an unarmed prisoner of war killed by Russian soldiers. In the video, the man did not appear to be armed.

The 30th Mechanized Brigade on its Facebook page named the man as Tymofii Shadura. The identification is based on preliminary information and is not final, it said.

Shadura has been missing for just over a month, since disappearing during bitter fighting in the Bakhmut area of eastern Ukraine, the post said. The city has been a combat hot spot as the war extends into its second year.

His identity is to be confirmed once the body is returned from a Russian-occupied area, the post added, though it did not say when that might happen.

The Ukrainian military's general staff gave the same name for the dead soldier, saying it was “according to preliminary information."

In the 12-second video, the man in combat fatigues is seen in a wooded area smoking a cigarette.

Someone off-camera is heard speaking in Russian. The man then says “Glory to Ukraine” and is hit by a volley of gunshots, falling into a hole in the ground, with an off-camera voice saying “Die,” followed by an expletive.

The Associated Press could not verify the video’s authenticity, any details about when it was recorded or anything about the people involved.

Questions sent by the AP to the Russian military about the clip did not immediately receive a reply.

The video circulated widely on social media in Ukraine and unleashed an outcry.

In his nightly video address Monday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said: “I want us all together, in unity, to respond to (the soldier’s) words: “Glory to the hero! Glory to heroes! Glory to Ukraine!” And we will find the killers.”

Moscow also has expressed suspicion about the treatment of Russian prisoners of war by Ukrainian forces.

Last November, Ukraine said it would open an investigation into video footage that circulated on Russian social media, which Moscow alleged shows Ukrainian soldiers killing Russian troops who may have been trying to surrender after one of the men seemingly refused to lay down his weapon and opened fire.

In other developments:

— Ukraine and Russia completed another exchange of captives. Ukrainian presidential aide Andriy Yermak reported that 130 Ukrainian soldiers returned from Russian captivity, most of them with severe injuries. Russia's Defense Ministry said 90 Russian servicemen were returned from territory controlled by Kyiv. Since the beginning of the war, 1,993 people have been returned from captivity, according to Lubinets.

— U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres was on his way to Ukraine for a meeting Wednesday in Kyiv with Zelenskyy. The two are due to discuss the extension of an agreement that allows Ukraine to export grain from its Black Sea ports and permits Russia to export food and fertilizers.

— Ukraine’s presidential office reported Tuesday that at least one civilian was killed and 11 more were wounded in Ukraine over the previous 24 hours. Fierce battles continued in the region for the key city of Bakhmut, where fewer than 4,000 civilians remain from a prewar population of 70,000, according to Ukraine’s Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk.

— A parliamentary delegation from Hungary said Tuesday during a visit to Denmark that it supports Sweden’s NATO membership. Some Hungarian lawmakers had balked at supporting the NATO membership applications by Sweden and Finland, due to what they called “blatant lies” from Stockholm and Helsinki on the state of Hungary’s democracy.

___

Follow AP’s coverage of the war in Ukraine: https://apnews.com/hub/russia-ukraineGerman police say several people were killed and wounded as multiple rounds of gunshots were fired inside a building used by Jehovah’s Witnesses in Hamburg

BERLIN -- Shots were fired inside a building used by Jehovah's Witnesses in the northern German city of Hamburg on Thursday evening, with several people killed and wounded, police said.

“We only know that several people died here; several people are wounded, they were taken to hospitals,” police spokesperson Holger Vehren said of the shooting in the Gross Borstel district of Germany’s second-biggest city.

He said he had no information on the severity of the injuries suffered by the wounded. Police did not confirm German media reports, which named no sources, of six or seven dead.

David Semonian, a U.S.-based spokesman for Jehovah's Witnesses, told The Associated Press in an emailed statement early Friday that members “worldwide grieve for the victims of this traumatic event.”

“The congregation elders in the local area are providing pastoral care for those affected by the event,” he wrote. “We understand that the authorities are still investigating the details of this crime. We appreciate the courageous help provided by the police and emergency services.”

In a update in the early hours Friday, Hamburg police said they believed there was only one shooter and they were gradually rolling back security forces from the area.

“The investigation into the motive behind the crime continues,” police said.

Hamburg security officials said there would be a news conference Friday afternoon to discuss details.

The scene of the shooting was the Jehovah's Witnesses' Kingdom Hall, a modern and boxy three-story building next to an auto repair shop.

Vehren said police were alerted to the shooting about 9:15 p.m. and were on the scene quickly.

He said that after officers arrived and found people with apparent gunshot wounds on the ground floor, they heard a shot from an upper floor and found a fatally wounded person upstairs who may have been a shooter. He said police did not have to use their firearms.

Vehren said there was no indication that a shooter was on the run and that it appeared likely that the perpetrator was either in the building or among the dead.

Through the night, forensic investigators in protective white suits could be seen walking through the building continuing their work.

Student Laura Bauch, who lives nearby, said “there were about four periods of shooting,” German news agency dpa reported. “There were always several shots in these periods, roughly at intervals of 20 seconds to a minute,” she said.

She said she looked out her window and saw a person running from the ground floor to the second floor of the Jehovah's Witnesses hall.

Gregor Miesbach, who lives within sight of the building, was alerted by the sound of shots and filmed a figure entering the building through a window. Shots can then be heard from inside. The figure later apparently emerges from the hall, is seen in the courtyard and then fires more shots inside.

Miesbach told German television news agency NonstopNews that he heard at least 25 shots. After police arrived, one last shot followed about five minutes later, he said.

His video, posted online by Bild newspaper, showed a person firing multiple shots into the building through a first floor window before the lights inside the room went out.

Early Friday morning, investigators could be seen working outside the building as a light snow fell, placing yellow cones on the ground and windowsills to mark evidence.

Police had no information on the event that was underway in the building when the shooting took place. They also had no immediate information on a possible motive. Vehren said that “the background is still completely unclear.”

Hamburg Mayor Peter Tschentscher tweeted that the news was “shocking” and offered his sympathy to the victims' relatives.

Jehovah’s Witnesses are part of an international church, founded in the United States in the 19th century and headquartered in Warwick, New York. It claims a worldwide membership of about 8.7 million, with about 170,000 in Germany.

Members are known for their evangelistic efforts that include knocking on doors and distributing literature in public squares. The denomination's distinctive practices include a refusal to bear arms, receive blood transfusions, salute a national flag or participate in secular government.

___

Associated Press journalist David Rising contributed to this story from Bangkok.Pope Francis is celebrating the 10th anniversary of his election Monday, far outpacing the “two or three” years he once envisioned for his papacy

VATICAN CITY -- So much for a short pontificate.

Pope Francis celebrates the 10th anniversary of his election Monday, far outpacing the “two or three” years he once envisioned for his papacy and showing no signs of slowing down.

On the contrary, with an agenda full of problems and plans and no longer encumbered by the shadow of Pope Benedict XVI, Francis, 86, has backed off from talking about retiring and recently described the papacy as a job for life.

History’s first Latin American pope already has made his mark and could have even more impact in the years to come. Yet a decade ago, the Argentine Jesuit was so convinced he wouldn’t be elected as pope that he nearly missed the final vote as he chatted with a fellow cardinal outside the Sistine Chapel.

“The master of ceremonies came out and said ‘Are you going in or not?’” Francis recalled in a recent interview with The Associated Press. “I realized afterward that it was my unconscious resistance to going in.”

He was elected the 266th pope on the next ballot.

SEX ABUSE

Francis had a big learning curve on clergy sex abuse, initially downplaying the problem in ways that made survivors question whether he “got it.” He had his wake-up call five years into his pontificate after a problematic visit to Chile.

During the trip, he discovered a serious disconnect between what Chilean bishops had told him about a notorious case and the reality: Hundreds or thousands of Chilean faithful had been raped and molested by Catholic priests over decades.

“That was my conversion,” he told the AP. “That’s when the bomb went off, when I saw the corruption of many bishops in this.”

Francis has passed a series of measures since then aimed at holding the church hierarchy accountable, but the results have been mixed. Benedict removed some 800 priests, but Francis seems far less eager to defrock abusers, reflecting resistance within the hierarchy to efforts to permanently remove predators from the priesthood.

The next frontier in the crisis has already reared its head: the sexual, spiritual and psychological abuse of adults by clergy. Francis is aware of the problem — a new case concerns one of his fellow Jesuits — but there seems to be no will to take firm action

SIGNIFICANCE OF SYNODS

When the history of the Francis pontificate is written, entire chapters might well be devoted to his emphasis on “synodality,” a term that has little meaning outside Catholic circles but could go down as one of Francis’ most important church contributions.

A synod is a gathering of bishops, and Francis’ philosophy that bishops must listen to one another and the laity has come to define his vision for the Catholic Church: He wants it to be a place where the faithful are welcomed, accompanied and heard.

The synods held during his first 10 years produced some of the most significant, and controversial, moments of his papacy.

After listening to the plight of divorced Catholics during a 2014-2015 synod on the family, for instance, Francis opened the door to letting divorced and civilly remarried couples receive Communion. Calls to allow married priests marked his 2019 synod on the Amazon, although Francis ultimately rejected the idea.

His October synod has involved an unprecedented canvassing of the Catholic faithful about their hopes for the church and problems they have encountered, eliciting demands from women for greater leadership roles, including ordination.

LATIN MASS

Catholic traditionalists were wary when Francis emerged as pope for the first time on the loggia of St. Peter's Basilica without the red cape that his predecessors had worn for formal events. Yet they never expected him to reverse one of Benedict’s signature decisions by reimposing restrictions on the old Latin Mass, including where and who can celebrate it,.

While the decision directly affected only a fraction of Catholic Mass-goers, his crackdown on the Tridentine Rite became the call to arms for the anti-Francis conservative opposition.

Francis justified his move by saying Benedict’s decision to liberalize the celebration of the old Mass had become a source of division in parishes. But traditionalists took the renewed restrictions as an attack on orthodoxy, one that they saw as contradicting Francis’ “all are welcome” mantra.

“Instead of integrating them into parish life, the restriction on the use of parish churches will marginalize and push to the peripheries faithful Catholics who wish only to worship,” lamented Joseph Shaw of the Latin Mass Society’s U.K. branch.

While the short-term prospects for Francis relenting are not great, the traditionalists do have time on their side, knowing that in a 2,000-year-old institution, another pope might come along who is more friendly to the old rite.

ROLE OF WOMEN

Francis’ quips about the “female genius” have long made women cringe. Women theologians are the “strawberries on the cake,” he once said. Nuns shouldn’t be “old maids,” he said. Europe shouldn’t be a barren, infertile “grandmother,” he told European Union lawmakers — a remark that got him an angry phone call from then-German Chancellor Angela Merkel.

But, it’s also true that Francis has done more to promote women in the church than any pope before him, including naming several women to high-profile positions in the Vatican.

That’s not saying much given only one in four Holy See employees is female, no woman heads a dicastery, or department, and Francis has upheld church doctrine forbidding women from the priesthood.

But the trend is there and “there is no possibility of going back,” said María Lía Zervino, one of the first three women named to the Vatican office that helps the pope select bishops around the world.

LGBTQ FAITHFUL

Francis' insistence that long-marginalized LGBTQ Catholics can find a welcome home in the church can be summed up by two pronouncements that have book-ended his papacy to date: “Who am I to judge?” and “Being homosexual is not a crime.”

In between making those historic statements, Francis made outreach to LGBTQ people a hallmark of his papacy more than any pope before him.

He ministers to members of a transgender community in Rome. He has counseled gay couples seeking to raise their children Catholic. During a 2015 visit to the U.S., he publicized a private meeting with a gay former student and the man's partner to counter the conservative narrative that he had received an anti-same-sex marriage activist.

“The pope is reminding the church that the way people treat one another in the social world is of much greater moral importance that what people may possibly do in the privacy of a bedroom,” said Francis DeBernardo of New Ways Ministry, which advocates for greater acceptance of LGBTQ Catholics.Pope Francis is celebrating the 10th anniversary of his election Monday, far outpacing the “two or three” years he once envisioned for his papacy

VATICAN CITY -- So much for a short pontificate.

Pope Francis celebrates the 10th anniversary of his election Monday, far outpacing the “two or three” years he once envisioned for his papacy and showing no signs of slowing down.

On the contrary, with an agenda full of problems and plans and no longer encumbered by the shadow of Pope Benedict XVI, Francis, 86, has backed off from talking about retiring and recently described the papacy as a job for life.

History’s first Latin American pope already has made his mark and could have even more impact in the years to come. Yet a decade ago, the Argentine Jesuit was so convinced he wouldn’t be elected as pope that he nearly missed the final vote as he chatted with a fellow cardinal outside the Sistine Chapel.

“The master of ceremonies came out and said ‘Are you going in or not?’” Francis recalled in a recent interview with The Associated Press. “I realized afterward that it was my unconscious resistance to going in.”

He was elected the 266th pope on the next ballot.

SEX ABUSE

Francis had a big learning curve on clergy sex abuse, initially downplaying the problem in ways that made survivors question whether he “got it.” He had his wake-up call five years into his pontificate after a problematic visit to Chile.

During the trip, he discovered a serious disconnect between what Chilean bishops had told him about a notorious case and the reality: Hundreds or thousands of Chilean faithful had been raped and molested by Catholic priests over decades.

“That was my conversion,” he told the AP. “That’s when the bomb went off, when I saw the corruption of many bishops in this.”

Francis has passed a series of measures since then aimed at holding the church hierarchy accountable, but the results have been mixed. Benedict removed some 800 priests, but Francis seems far less eager to defrock abusers, reflecting resistance within the hierarchy to efforts to permanently remove predators from the priesthood.

The next frontier in the crisis has already reared its head: the sexual, spiritual and psychological abuse of adults by clergy. Francis is aware of the problem — a new case concerns one of his fellow Jesuits — but there seems to be no will to take firm action

SIGNIFICANCE OF SYNODS

When the history of the Francis pontificate is written, entire chapters might well be devoted to his emphasis on “synodality,” a term that has little meaning outside Catholic circles but could go down as one of Francis’ most important church contributions.

A synod is a gathering of bishops, and Francis’ philosophy that bishops must listen to one another and the laity has come to define his vision for the Catholic Church: He wants it to be a place where the faithful are welcomed, accompanied and heard.

The synods held during his first 10 years produced some of the most significant, and controversial, moments of his papacy.

After listening to the plight of divorced Catholics during a 2014-2015 synod on the family, for instance, Francis opened the door to letting divorced and civilly remarried couples receive Communion. Calls to allow married priests marked his 2019 synod on the Amazon, although Francis ultimately rejected the idea.

His October synod has involved an unprecedented canvassing of the Catholic faithful about their hopes for the church and problems they have encountered, eliciting demands from women for greater leadership roles, including ordination.

LATIN MASS

Catholic traditionalists were wary when Francis emerged as pope for the first time on the loggia of St. Peter's Basilica without the red cape that his predecessors had worn for formal events. Yet they never expected him to reverse one of Benedict’s signature decisions by reimposing restrictions on the old Latin Mass, including where and who can celebrate it,.

While the decision directly affected only a fraction of Catholic Mass-goers, his crackdown on the Tridentine Rite became the call to arms for the anti-Francis conservative opposition.

Francis justified his move by saying Benedict’s decision to liberalize the celebration of the old Mass had become a source of division in parishes. But traditionalists took the renewed restrictions as an attack on orthodoxy, one that they saw as contradicting Francis’ “all are welcome” mantra.

“Instead of integrating them into parish life, the restriction on the use of parish churches will marginalize and push to the peripheries faithful Catholics who wish only to worship,” lamented Joseph Shaw of the Latin Mass Society’s U.K. branch.

While the short-term prospects for Francis relenting are not great, the traditionalists do have time on their side, knowing that in a 2,000-year-old institution, another pope might come along who is more friendly to the old rite.

ROLE OF WOMEN

Francis’ quips about the “female genius” have long made women cringe. Women theologians are the “strawberries on the cake,” he once said. Nuns shouldn’t be “old maids,” he said. Europe shouldn’t be a barren, infertile “grandmother,” he told European Union lawmakers — a remark that got him an angry phone call from then-German Chancellor Angela Merkel.

But, it’s also true that Francis has done more to promote women in the church than any pope before him, including naming several women to high-profile positions in the Vatican.

That’s not saying much given only one in four Holy See employees is female, no woman heads a dicastery, or department, and Francis has upheld church doctrine forbidding women from the priesthood.

But the trend is there and “there is no possibility of going back,” said María Lía Zervino, one of the first three women named to the Vatican office that helps the pope select bishops around the world.

LGBTQ FAITHFUL

Francis' insistence that long-marginalized LGBTQ Catholics can find a welcome home in the church can be summed up by two pronouncements that have book-ended his papacy to date: “Who am I to judge?” and “Being homosexual is not a crime.”

In between making those historic statements, Francis made outreach to LGBTQ people a hallmark of his papacy more than any pope before him.

He ministers to members of a transgender community in Rome. He has counseled gay couples seeking to raise their children Catholic. During a 2015 visit to the U.S., he publicized a private meeting with a gay former student and the man's partner to counter the conservative narrative that he had received an anti-same-sex marriage activist.

“The pope is reminding the church that the way people treat one another in the social world is of much greater moral importance that what people may possibly do in the privacy of a bedroom,” said Francis DeBernardo of New Ways Ministry, which advocates for greater acceptance of LGBTQ Catholics.Three former organizers of Hong Kong’s annual vigil in remembrance of victims of China’s 1989 crackdown on pro-democracy protests have been jailed for four and a half months for failing to provide authorities with information on the group in accordance...

HONG KONG -- Three former organizers of Hong Kong's annual vigil in remembrance of victims of China’s 1989 crackdown on pro-democracy protests were jailed Saturday for four and a half months for failing to provide authorities with information on the group in accordance with a national security law.

Chow Hang-tung, Tang Ngok-kwan and Tsui Hon-kwong were arrested in 2021 during a crackdown on the city’s pro-democracy movement following massive protests more than three years ago. They were leaders of the Hong Kong Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements of China and were found guilty last week.

The now-defunct alliance was best known for organizing candlelight vigils in Hong Kong on the anniversary of the 1989 Chinese military’s crushing of Tiananmen Square pro-democracy protests, but it was voted to disband in 2021 under the shadow of the Beijing-imposed national security law.

Supporters say its closure has shown freedoms and autonomy that were promised when Hong Kong returned to China in 1997 are diminishing.

Before its disbandment, police had sought details about its operations and finances in connection with alleged links to democracy groups overseas, accusing it of being a foreign agent. But the group refused to cooperate, arguing the police did not have a right to ask for its information because it was not a foreign agent and the authorities did not provide sufficient justification.

Under the security law’s implementation rules, the police chief can request a range of information from a foreign agent. Failure to comply with the request could result in six months in jail and a fine of 100,000 Hong Kong dollars ($12,740) if convicted.

In her mitigation, Chow said the alliance was not a foreign agent and that nothing had emerged that proved otherwise, so sentencing them was about punishing people for defending the truth.

She said national security is being used as a pretext to wage a war on civil society.

“Sir, sentence us for our insubordination if you must, but when the exercise of power is based on lies, being insubordinate is the only way to be human,” she said.

Handing down the sentences, principal magistrate Peter Law said the case is the first of its kind under the new law and the sentencing has to send a clear message to society that the law does not condone any violation.

Law, who was approved by the city’s leader to oversee the case, said he saw no justification for reducing the four-and-a-half-month sentence.

In previous legal proceedings, the court ordered a partial redaction of some information after prosecutors argued that a full disclosure of information would jeopardize an ongoing probe into national security cases. Hence, some crucial details, including the names of groups that were alleged to have links with the alliance, were redacted.

Defense lawyer Philip Dykes said he could not say “how strong or weak” the alleged links were and that made mitigation difficult.

The annual vigil organized by the alliance was the only large-scale public commemoration of the June 4th crackdown on Chinese soil and was attended by massive crowds until authorities banned it in 2020, citing anti-pandemic measures.

Chow, along with two other former alliance leaders, Lee Cheuk-yan and Albert Ho, were charged with inciting subversion of state power under the security law in 2021. The alliance itself was charged with subversion.

The national security law criminalizes secession, subversion, and collusion with foreign forces to intervene in the city’s affairs as well as terrorism. Many pro-democracy activists were silenced or jailed after its enactment in 2020.

In a separate case, Elizabeth Tang, who was arrested for endangering national security earlier this week, was released on bail on Saturday. Tang is a veteran labor activist and also Lee's wife.

In a statement Thursday that did not provide a name, police said they had arrested a 65-year-old woman on Hong Kong Island for suspected collusion with a foreign country or with external elements to endanger national security. It said she was being detained for investigation.

“I feel clueless because my work is always about labor rights and organizing trade unions. So I don’t understand why I was accused of breaking the law and endangering national security,” she told reporters on Saturday after being released.Three former organizers of Hong Kong’s annual vigil in remembrance of victims of China’s 1989 crackdown on pro-democracy protests have been jailed for four and a half months for failing to provide authorities with information on the group in accordance...

HONG KONG -- Three former organizers of Hong Kong's annual vigil in remembrance of victims of China’s 1989 crackdown on pro-democracy protests were jailed Saturday for four and a half months for failing to provide authorities with information on the group in accordance with a national security law.

Chow Hang-tung, Tang Ngok-kwan and Tsui Hon-kwong were arrested in 2021 during a crackdown on the city’s pro-democracy movement following massive protests more than three years ago. They were leaders of the Hong Kong Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements of China and were found guilty last week.

The now-defunct alliance was best known for organizing candlelight vigils in Hong Kong on the anniversary of the 1989 Chinese military’s crushing of Tiananmen Square pro-democracy protests, but it was voted to disband in 2021 under the shadow of the Beijing-imposed national security law.

Supporters say its closure has shown freedoms and autonomy that were promised when Hong Kong returned to China in 1997 are diminishing.

Before its disbandment, police had sought details about its operations and finances in connection with alleged links to democracy groups overseas, accusing it of being a foreign agent. But the group refused to cooperate, arguing the police did not have a right to ask for its information because it was not a foreign agent and the authorities did not provide sufficient justification.

Under the security law’s implementation rules, the police chief can request a range of information from a foreign agent. Failure to comply with the request could result in six months in jail and a fine of 100,000 Hong Kong dollars ($12,740) if convicted.

In her mitigation, Chow said the alliance was not a foreign agent and that nothing had emerged that proved otherwise, so sentencing them was about punishing people for defending the truth.

She said national security is being used as a pretext to wage a war on civil society.

“Sir, sentence us for our insubordination if you must, but when the exercise of power is based on lies, being insubordinate is the only way to be human,” she said.

Handing down the sentences, principal magistrate Peter Law said the case is the first of its kind under the new law and the sentencing has to send a clear message to society that the law does not condone any violation.

Law, who was approved by the city’s leader to oversee the case, said he saw no justification for reducing the four-and-a-half-month sentence.

In previous legal proceedings, the court ordered a partial redaction of some information after prosecutors argued that a full disclosure of information would jeopardize an ongoing probe into national security cases. Hence, some crucial details, including the names of groups that were alleged to have links with the alliance, were redacted.

Defense lawyer Philip Dykes said he could not say “how strong or weak” the alleged links were and that made mitigation difficult.

The annual vigil organized by the alliance was the only large-scale public commemoration of the June 4th crackdown on Chinese soil and was attended by massive crowds until authorities banned it in 2020, citing anti-pandemic measures.

Chow, along with two other former alliance leaders, Lee Cheuk-yan and Albert Ho, were charged with inciting subversion of state power under the security law in 2021. The alliance itself was charged with subversion.

The national security law criminalizes secession, subversion, and collusion with foreign forces to intervene in the city’s affairs as well as terrorism. Many pro-democracy activists were silenced or jailed after its enactment in 2020.

In a separate case, Elizabeth Tang, who was arrested for endangering national security earlier this week, was released on bail on Saturday. Tang is a veteran labor activist and also Lee's wife.

In a statement Thursday that did not provide a name, police said they had arrested a 65-year-old woman on Hong Kong Island for suspected collusion with a foreign country or with external elements to endanger national security. It said she was being detained for investigation.

“I feel clueless because my work is always about labor rights and organizing trade unions. So I don’t understand why I was accused of breaking the law and endangering national security,” she told reporters on Saturday after being released.China has named Li Qiang, a close confidant of top leader Xi Jinping, as the country’s next premier nominally in charge of the world's second-largest economy

BEIJING -- China on Saturday named Li Qiang, a close confidant of top leader Xi Jinping, as the country’s next premier nominally in charge of the world’s second-largest economy now facing some of its worst prospects in years.

Li was nominated by Xi and appointed to the position at Saturday morning’s session of the National People’s Congress, China’s ceremonial parliament. That came a day after Xi, 69, secured a norms-breaking third five-year term as state leader, setting him up to possibly rule for life.

Li is best known for having enforced a brutal “zero-COVID” lockdown on Shanghai last spring as party boss of the Chinese financial hub, proving his loyalty to Xi in the face of complaints from residents over their lack of access to food, medical care and basic services.

Li, 63, came to know Xi during the future president’s term as head of Li’s native Zhejiang, a relatively wealthy southeastern province now known as a technology and manufacturing powerhouse.

Prior to the pandemic, Li built up a reputation in Shanghai and Zhejiang before that as friendly to private industry, even as Xi enforced tighter political controls and anti-COVID curbs, as well as more control over e-commerce and other tech companies.

As premier, Li will be charged with reviving a sluggish economy still emerging from the COVID-19 pandemic and confronted with weak global demand for exports, lingering U.S. tariff hikes, a shrinking workforce and an aging population.

He takes on the job as authority of the premier and the State Council, China's Cabinet, has been steadily eroding as Xi shifts more powers to bodies directly under the ruling Communist Party.

At the opening of the annual congress session on Sunday, outgoing Premier Li Keqiang announced plans for a consumer-led revival of the struggling economy, setting this year’s growth target at “around 5%.” Last year’s growth fell to 3%, the second-weakest level since at least the 1970s.

As with Xi's appointment on Friday, there was no indication that members of the NPC had any option other than to endorse Li and other officials picked by the Communist Party to fill other posts.

Unlike Xi, who received the body's full endorsement, Li's tally included three opposed and eight abstentions.

The nearly 3,000 delegates deposited ballots into boxes placed around the vast auditorium in the Great Hall of the People, in a process that also produced new heads of the Supreme People's Court and the state prosecutor's office, and two vice chairmen of the Central Military Commission that commands the party's military wing, the 2 million-member People's Liberation Army.

Xi was renamed head of the commission on Friday, an appointment that has been automatic for the party leader for three decades. The premier has no direct authority over the armed forces, who take their orders explicitly from the party, and plays only a marginal role in foreign relations and domestic security.

Xi’s new term and the appointment of loyalists to top posts underscore his near-total monopoly on Chinese political power, eliminating any potential opposition to his hyper-nationalistic agenda of building China into the top political, military and economic rival to the U.S. and the chief authoritarian challenge to the Washington-led democratic world order.China has named Li Qiang, a close confidant of top leader Xi Jinping, as the country’s next premier nominally in charge of the world's second-largest economy

BEIJING -- China on Saturday named Li Qiang, a close confidant of top leader Xi Jinping, as the country’s next premier nominally in charge of the world’s second-largest economy now facing some of its worst prospects in years.

Li was nominated by Xi and appointed to the position at Saturday morning’s session of the National People’s Congress, China’s ceremonial parliament. That came a day after Xi, 69, secured a norms-breaking third five-year term as state leader, setting him up to possibly rule for life.

Li is best known for having enforced a brutal “zero-COVID” lockdown on Shanghai last spring as party boss of the Chinese financial hub, proving his loyalty to Xi in the face of complaints from residents over their lack of access to food, medical care and basic services.

Li, 63, came to know Xi during the future president’s term as head of Li’s native Zhejiang, a relatively wealthy southeastern province now known as a technology and manufacturing powerhouse.

Prior to the pandemic, Li built up a reputation in Shanghai and Zhejiang before that as friendly to private industry, even as Xi enforced tighter political controls and anti-COVID curbs, as well as more control over e-commerce and other tech companies.

As premier, Li will be charged with reviving a sluggish economy still emerging from the COVID-19 pandemic and confronted with weak global demand for exports, lingering U.S. tariff hikes, a shrinking workforce and an aging population.

He takes on the job as authority of the premier and the State Council, China's Cabinet, has been steadily eroding as Xi shifts more powers to bodies directly under the ruling Communist Party.

At the opening of the annual congress session on Sunday, outgoing Premier Li Keqiang announced plans for a consumer-led revival of the struggling economy, setting this year’s growth target at “around 5%.” Last year’s growth fell to 3%, the second-weakest level since at least the 1970s.

As with Xi's appointment on Friday, there was no indication that members of the NPC had any option other than to endorse Li and other officials picked by the Communist Party to fill other posts.

Unlike Xi, who received the body's full endorsement, Li's tally included three opposed and eight abstentions.

The nearly 3,000 delegates deposited ballots into boxes placed around the vast auditorium in the Great Hall of the People, in a process that also produced new heads of the Supreme People's Court and the state prosecutor's office, and two vice chairmen of the Central Military Commission that commands the party's military wing, the 2 million-member People's Liberation Army.

Xi was renamed head of the commission on Friday, an appointment that has been automatic for the party leader for three decades. The premier has no direct authority over the armed forces, who take their orders explicitly from the party, and plays only a marginal role in foreign relations and domestic security.

Xi’s new term and the appointment of loyalists to top posts underscore his near-total monopoly on Chinese political power, eliminating any potential opposition to his hyper-nationalistic agenda of building China into the top political, military and economic rival to the U.S. and the chief authoritarian challenge to the Washington-led democratic world order.China names Li Qiang, close confidant of Xi Jinping, as nation's next premier nominally in charge of 2nd largest economy

China names Li Qiang, close confidant of Xi Jinping, as nation's next premier nominally in charge of 2nd largest economyThe two alleged stations are in Montreal and Brossard.

The Royal Canadian Mounted Police have identified two alleged Chinese police stations in Quebec and are investigating them, RCMP confirmed in a statement to ABC News Friday.

The two alleged stations are in Montreal and Brossard, RCMP Sergeant Charles Poirier said.

"The RCMP recognizes that Canadians of Chinese origin have been victims of the possible activities conducted by these centres," Poirier said. "These activities and any other form of intimidation, harassment or harmful targeting of diaspora communities or individuals in Canada will not be tolerated."

Because the investigation is ongoing, RCMP could not offer further details on the situation, Poirier said.

A Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) car along Roxham Road in Saint-Bernard-de-Lacolle, Quebec, Canada, March 5, 2023. Christinne Muschi/Bloomberg via Getty Images, FILE

Similar "police stations" have been established in the U.S., according to Safeguard Defenders, a European-based human rights organization. The group published their investigation showing where the alleged Chinese "police stations" are in the U.S. in Sept. 2022.

FBI Director Christopher Wray expressed concern about these unauthorized police stations during a congressional hearing in November 2022.

"I'm very concerned about this. We are aware of the existence of these stations," Wray told a U.S. Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing in November.

"But to me, it is outrageous to think that the Chinese police would attempt to set up shop, you know, in New York, let's say, without proper coordination. It violates sovereignty and circumvents standard judicial and law enforcement cooperation processes," he added.The two alleged stations are in Montreal and Brossard.

The Royal Canadian Mounted Police have identified two alleged Chinese police stations in Quebec and are investigating them, RCMP confirmed in a statement to ABC News Friday.

The two alleged stations are in Montreal and Brossard, RCMP Sergeant Charles Poirier said.

"The RCMP recognizes that Canadians of Chinese origin have been victims of the possible activities conducted by these centres," Poirier said. "These activities and any other form of intimidation, harassment or harmful targeting of diaspora communities or individuals in Canada will not be tolerated."

Because the investigation is ongoing, RCMP could not offer further details on the situation, Poirier said.

A Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) car along Roxham Road in Saint-Bernard-de-Lacolle, Quebec, Canada, March 5, 2023. Christinne Muschi/Bloomberg via Getty Images, FILE

Similar "police stations" have been established in the U.S., according to Safeguard Defenders, a European-based human rights organization. The group published their investigation showing where the alleged Chinese "police stations" are in the U.S. in Sept. 2022.

FBI Director Christopher Wray expressed concern about these unauthorized police stations during a congressional hearing in November 2022.

"I'm very concerned about this. We are aware of the existence of these stations," Wray told a U.S. Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing in November.

"But to me, it is outrageous to think that the Chinese police would attempt to set up shop, you know, in New York, let's say, without proper coordination. It violates sovereignty and circumvents standard judicial and law enforcement cooperation processes," he added.Chilean President Gabriel Boric has shaken up his Cabinet, replacing five of his 24 ministers on the eve of beginning his second year in power

SANTIAGO, Chile -- President Gabriel Boric shook up his Cabinet on Friday, replacing five of his 24 ministers on the eve of beginning his second year in power, announcing the change two days after Chile's lawmakers rejected a proposed tax overhaul for financing most of his government program.

It was the second time Boric has carried out a major Cabinet reshuffle. The previous overhaul came in September when 62% of voters rejected a new constitution that had been championed by the president.

Antonia Urrejola was removed Friday as foreign affairs minister and replaced by Alberto van Klaveren, a career diplomat who was assistant secretary for foreign affairs in 2006-2009.

The president also named new ministers to oversee the ministries of Public Works, Culture, Science and Sports.

Boric, who has suffered a sharp drop in his approval rating since taking office as the country's youngest ever president, acknowledged his administration is facing problems.

“We’ve had difficulties, who could deny it?” said the 37-year-old leader, whose administration is struggling to combat inflation and violent crime.

The Cabinet reshuffle came after an unexpected defeat Wednesday for Boric as Congress rejected a tax package that would have helped the president fund his progressive social agenda.

Finance Minister Mario Marcel said that without the tax overhaul, a promised increase in pensions from the equivalent of $257 to $312 could not be financed. He said the same was true for reducing long waiting lists for hospitals and adding more resources for primary health care.

The president said he will continue pushing to expand wealth distribution, increase pensions and boost the minimum wage.

Rodrigo Espinoza, director of the School of Management at Diego Portales University, said one of the difficulties Boric now faces is that “a significant part of his program will no longer have financing.”Chilean President Gabriel Boric has shaken up his Cabinet, replacing five of his 24 ministers on the eve of beginning his second year in power

SANTIAGO, Chile -- President Gabriel Boric shook up his Cabinet on Friday, replacing five of his 24 ministers on the eve of beginning his second year in power, announcing the change two days after Chile's lawmakers rejected a proposed tax overhaul for financing most of his government program.

It was the second time Boric has carried out a major Cabinet reshuffle. The previous overhaul came in September when 62% of voters rejected a new constitution that had been championed by the president.

Antonia Urrejola was removed Friday as foreign affairs minister and replaced by Alberto van Klaveren, a career diplomat who was assistant secretary for foreign affairs in 2006-2009.

The president also named new ministers to oversee the ministries of Public Works, Culture, Science and Sports.

Boric, who has suffered a sharp drop in his approval rating since taking office as the country's youngest ever president, acknowledged his administration is facing problems.

“We’ve had difficulties, who could deny it?” said the 37-year-old leader, whose administration is struggling to combat inflation and violent crime.

The Cabinet reshuffle came after an unexpected defeat Wednesday for Boric as Congress rejected a tax package that would have helped the president fund his progressive social agenda.

Finance Minister Mario Marcel said that without the tax overhaul, a promised increase in pensions from the equivalent of $257 to $312 could not be financed. He said the same was true for reducing long waiting lists for hospitals and adding more resources for primary health care.

The president said he will continue pushing to expand wealth distribution, increase pensions and boost the minimum wage.

Rodrigo Espinoza, director of the School of Management at Diego Portales University, said one of the difficulties Boric now faces is that “a significant part of his program will no longer have financing.”Two victims were found dead on March 7 and two were rescued alive.

Four Americans were kidnapped shortly after crossing into Mexico earlier this month. Two survived the violent ordeal, while two members of the group died.

Here's everything we know:

The kidnapping

The four Americans -- Eric James Williams, Zindell Brown and cousins Latavia "Tay" McGee and Shaeed Woodard -- drove the morning of March 3 into Matamoros, Mexico, which is in the northeastern state of Tamaulipas just south of Brownsville, Texas.

"Shortly after crossing into Mexico, unidentified gunmen fired upon the passengers in the vehicle," and then put the four Americans in another car and fled, the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City said.

A member of the Mexican security forces stands next to a white minivan with North Carolina plates and several bullet holes, at the crime scene where gunmen kidnapped four U.S. citizens who crossed into Mexico from Texas, March 3, 2023. Stringer/AP

Irving Barrios, the attorney general of Tamaulipas, said the Americans were not directly targeted and it appears "it was a misunderstanding."

Mexican investigators think the kidnappers may have wrongly believed the Americans were rival human traffickers, a source close to the investigation told ABC News.

Mexican authorities search for evidence as they work to locate four Americans who were shot by gunmen and then kidnapped shortly after crossing the border with Brownsville, Texas, in Matamoros, Mexico, March 6, 2023. Stringer/Reuters

For the first time, the Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas also said on March 9 that a Mexican woman died in the incident. Arely Pablo, 33, died after being hit by a stray bullet during the kidnapping.

The rescue

Williams and McGee survived the kidnapping. They were found the morning of March 7 in a wooden house in the Lagunona area, outside of Matamoros, Mexican officials said.

One of the deceased was also found inside the house, and the second was found outside the house, a source close to the investigation told ABC News.

A still from video of the scene where four Americans who were kidnapped were found by Mexican authorities on March 7, 2023. They were found in a wooden shed and camper in the Lagunona area right outside of the town of Matamoros, Mexico. Milenio

The two Americans found dead had blankets or sheets on top of them, a source close to the investigation told ABC News. One of the dead was wearing a surgical robe when he was found, the source said.

The Mexicans tried to seek medical attention for the Americans who were injured in the kidnapping, the Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas said in a statement on March 9. They were taken in an ambulance to a clinic, according to officials.

State police officers keep watch at the scene where authorities found the bodies of two of four Americans kidnapped by gunmen, in Matamoros, Mexico, March 7, 2023. Daniel Becerril/Reuters

During the days they were held, the Americans were transferred to various places, including a clinic, in order to create confusion and avoid rescue efforts, said the governor of Tamaulipas, Américo Villarreal.

The survivors and the victims

American victims in Mexico. From left to right, deceased Shaeed Woodard, survivor Latavia "Tay" McGee, survivor Eric James Williams, and deceased Zindell Brown in undated images. Courtesy of Laquonda Green, Tay McGee, and Michele Williams, and ABC News.

McGee is a mother of five who traveled from South Carolina to Mexico for a cosmetic medical procedure, according to her family.

Her mother, Barbara Burgess, told ABC News she spoke to her daughter on Tuesday. She said McGee had no major injuries.

Michele Williams, wife of survivor Eric Williams, said the FBI told her that her husband had been shot twice in one leg and once in the other.

He has undergone surgery in a Texas hospital, she said.

Brown, who was among the two killed, was on the trip to Mexico to support his friend, McGee, for her surgery, according to Brown's sister, Zalayna Brown Grant.

"Zindell was a loving son, brother, uncle and friend," Grant wrote on a GoFundMe page. "Our family waited for any news about my brother's return, but he won't be coming home alive."

Woodard, who was also killed, was McGee's cousin, according to McGee's mother.

The bodies of the two Americans killed were repatriated to the U.S. on March 9.

A fifth person who was traveling with the group, Cheryl Orange, did not cross the border into Mexico and remained in Brownsville, according to a police report from the Brownsville Police Department.

Orange did not cross into Mexico because "she did not have her ID with her" and contacted police on March 4, the day after the kidnapping, when she could not get in touch with them, the police report said.

The investigation

Five alleged members of a powerful Mexican cartel were charged with aggravated kidnapping and murder on March 10 in connection to the kidnapping.

The Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas announced the charges a day after the Gulf Cartel allegedly took responsibility for the kidnapping. The five men were found tied up near a pickup truck and a handwritten note was found placed on the windshield of the truck, whose author or authors say they belong to the Gulf Cartel, the dominant organized crime group in this part of Mexico. Neither ABC News nor U.S. officials have been able to independently verify the authenticity of the note.

The five alleged cartel members are seen lying on the ground with their hands tied in front of a truck in a photo provided by a source close to the investigation. Obtained by ABC News

A 24-year-old suspect arrested in connection with the incident was formally indicted on an aggravated kidnapping charge, the Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas said on March 10. The man was allegedly acting as a lookout when authorities finally located the four missing Americans.

The office also announced a homicide charge in the killing of Pablo, the bystander.

The FBI said it's working with "federal and international partners to determine the facts of what happened and to hold those responsible for this horrific and violent attack accountable for their crimes."

Following the recovery of the victims, National Security Council spokesperson John Kirby said, "Attacks on U.S. citizens are unacceptable, no matter where, under what circumstances they occur. We're going to work closely with the Mexican government to ensure that justice is done in this case."

President Joe Biden has "been kept updated" on the situation, White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said on March 7.

The FBI urges anyone with information to call its San Antonio office at 210-225-6741 or submit information on its website.

ABC News' Miles Cohen, Ellie Kaufman, Matt Rivers, Anne Laurent, Shannon Crawford, Dan Carranza and Luke Barr contributed to this report.Two victims were found dead on March 7 and two were rescued alive.

Four Americans were kidnapped shortly after crossing into Mexico earlier this month. Two survived the violent ordeal, while two members of the group died.

Here's everything we know:

The kidnapping

The four Americans -- Eric James Williams, Zindell Brown and cousins Latavia "Tay" McGee and Shaeed Woodard -- drove the morning of March 3 into Matamoros, Mexico, which is in the northeastern state of Tamaulipas just south of Brownsville, Texas.

"Shortly after crossing into Mexico, unidentified gunmen fired upon the passengers in the vehicle," and then put the four Americans in another car and fled, the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City said.

A member of the Mexican security forces stands next to a white minivan with North Carolina plates and several bullet holes, at the crime scene where gunmen kidnapped four U.S. citizens who crossed into Mexico from Texas, March 3, 2023. Stringer/AP

Irving Barrios, the attorney general of Tamaulipas, said the Americans were not directly targeted and it appears "it was a misunderstanding."

Mexican investigators think the kidnappers may have wrongly believed the Americans were rival human traffickers, a source close to the investigation told ABC News.

Mexican authorities search for evidence as they work to locate four Americans who were shot by gunmen and then kidnapped shortly after crossing the border with Brownsville, Texas, in Matamoros, Mexico, March 6, 2023. Stringer/Reuters

For the first time, the Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas also said on March 9 that a Mexican woman died in the incident. Arely Pablo, 33, died after being hit by a stray bullet during the kidnapping.

The rescue

Williams and McGee survived the kidnapping. They were found the morning of March 7 in a wooden house in the Lagunona area, outside of Matamoros, Mexican officials said.

One of the deceased was also found inside the house, and the second was found outside the house, a source close to the investigation told ABC News.

A still from video of the scene where four Americans who were kidnapped were found by Mexican authorities on March 7, 2023. They were found in a wooden shed and camper in the Lagunona area right outside of the town of Matamoros, Mexico. Milenio

The two Americans found dead had blankets or sheets on top of them, a source close to the investigation told ABC News. One of the dead was wearing a surgical robe when he was found, the source said.

The Mexicans tried to seek medical attention for the Americans who were injured in the kidnapping, the Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas said in a statement on March 9. They were taken in an ambulance to a clinic, according to officials.

State police officers keep watch at the scene where authorities found the bodies of two of four Americans kidnapped by gunmen, in Matamoros, Mexico, March 7, 2023. Daniel Becerril/Reuters

During the days they were held, the Americans were transferred to various places, including a clinic, in order to create confusion and avoid rescue efforts, said the governor of Tamaulipas, Américo Villarreal.

The survivors and the victims

American victims in Mexico. From left to right, deceased Shaeed Woodard, survivor Latavia "Tay" McGee, survivor Eric James Williams, and deceased Zindell Brown in undated images. Courtesy of Laquonda Green, Tay McGee, and Michele Williams, and ABC News.

McGee is a mother of five who traveled from South Carolina to Mexico for a cosmetic medical procedure, according to her family.

Her mother, Barbara Burgess, told ABC News she spoke to her daughter on Tuesday. She said McGee had no major injuries.

Michele Williams, wife of survivor Eric Williams, said the FBI told her that her husband had been shot twice in one leg and once in the other.

He has undergone surgery in a Texas hospital, she said.

Brown, who was among the two killed, was on the trip to Mexico to support his friend, McGee, for her surgery, according to Brown's sister, Zalayna Brown Grant.

"Zindell was a loving son, brother, uncle and friend," Grant wrote on a GoFundMe page. "Our family waited for any news about my brother's return, but he won't be coming home alive."

Woodard, who was also killed, was McGee's cousin, according to McGee's mother.

The bodies of the two Americans killed were repatriated to the U.S. on March 9.

A fifth person who was traveling with the group, Cheryl Orange, did not cross the border into Mexico and remained in Brownsville, according to a police report from the Brownsville Police Department.

Orange did not cross into Mexico because "she did not have her ID with her" and contacted police on March 4, the day after the kidnapping, when she could not get in touch with them, the police report said.

The investigation

Five alleged members of a powerful Mexican cartel were charged with aggravated kidnapping and murder on March 10 in connection to the kidnapping.

The Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas announced the charges a day after the Gulf Cartel allegedly took responsibility for the kidnapping. The five men were found tied up near a pickup truck and a handwritten note was found placed on the windshield of the truck, whose author or authors say they belong to the Gulf Cartel, the dominant organized crime group in this part of Mexico. Neither ABC News nor U.S. officials have been able to independently verify the authenticity of the note.

The five alleged cartel members are seen lying on the ground with their hands tied in front of a truck in a photo provided by a source close to the investigation. Obtained by ABC News

A 24-year-old suspect arrested in connection with the incident was formally indicted on an aggravated kidnapping charge, the Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas said on March 10. The man was allegedly acting as a lookout when authorities finally located the four missing Americans.

The office also announced a homicide charge in the killing of Pablo, the bystander.

The FBI said it's working with "federal and international partners to determine the facts of what happened and to hold those responsible for this horrific and violent attack accountable for their crimes."

Following the recovery of the victims, National Security Council spokesperson John Kirby said, "Attacks on U.S. citizens are unacceptable, no matter where, under what circumstances they occur. We're going to work closely with the Mexican government to ensure that justice is done in this case."

President Joe Biden has "been kept updated" on the situation, White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said on March 7.

The FBI urges anyone with information to call its San Antonio office at 210-225-6741 or submit information on its website.

ABC News' Miles Cohen, Ellie Kaufman, Matt Rivers, Anne Laurent, Shannon Crawford, Dan Carranza and Luke Barr contributed to this report.SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico -- The blonds are back.

Puerto Rico on Friday broke the Guinness World record for the most hair dyed, with 192 men going blond to support the U.S. territory’s team that is vying to win the World Baseball Classic after finishing twice as runner-up.

The team's players first dyed their hair blond ahead of the 2017 World Baseball Classic as a joke, unexpectedly unleashing a dyeing craze in Puerto Rico that left pharmacies and beauty supply stores bereft of hair dye.

The tournament is usually held every four years, but the pandemic delayed it by two years, so after six years of no dye jobs and no “Team Rubio!” cheers, many Puerto Ricans were eager to see if the trend would continue.

The players obliged and repeated the tradition this year, and people in the island of overwhelmingly dark hair once again responded via platinum blond, dirty blond and even burnt orange locks and beards to show their support.

“The more blond hair, the more united we’ll be as a people,” photographer Miguel Rodríguez Camilo said while waiting for his dark hair to change color.

He was one of more than 200 men who showed up for the mass bleaching event Friday. Some were disqualified for various reasons, including that they didn't take the obligatory “before” picture.

Guinness World record adjudicator Natalia Ramírez noted that a handful were disqualified because they already had white or graying hair.

“If you can’t really see a change, it doesn’t count,” she said.

Participants sat in an outdoor area for up to 45 minutes wearing plastic shower caps as they laughed at each other, took selfies and observed themselves in their smartphones as colorists came by and peeked under the shower caps.

“I wasn’t going to do it, but my colleagues pressured me into it,” said William Davidowski, a 51-year-old with naturally dark brown hair who works at the insurance company that helped organize the event.

The World Baseball Classic just started, but Davidowski wasn’t sure how long he will stay a blond.

“It depends on how it looks,” he said with a laugh.

He walked out nearly an hour later with a baseball cap on.

Organizers of the event had eight hours to beat the previous record, set in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in March 2013 when 160 people dyed their hair. More than five hours after Friday's event began, participant No. 161, the man responsible for breaking the record, walked in to the applause and yells of those gathered.

“Let’s always support our guys,” Tomás Nieves, a 22-year-old air conditioning technician, said in a low whisper, explaining that he was nervous about all the attention.

Team Rubio, as Puerto Rico’s team is known, almost adopted another hair color this year.

There was talk about players dyeing their hair blue, “but some boys got a little shy,” New York Mets shortstop Francisco Lindor said at a recent news conference.

Then Detroit Tigers shortstop Javier Báez posted a picture on Instagram with newly dyed blond hair and, “that was that,” Lindor said.

This time, the team was prepared. It hired five barbers and colorists, compared with the lone barber and colorist from 2017. A local university that helped organize Friday's event bought 79 pounds of bleach.

“The people of Puerto Rico embraced it. It did them and us well as a team. So why not continue with this tradition?” Yadier Molina, former St. Louis Cardinals catcher and Team Puerto Rico’s manager, said earlier this week.

It remains to be seen whether all that blond power will translate into a win.

Puerto Rico’s first game is Saturday against Nicaragua, and then it faces Venezuela on Sunday.SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico -- The blonds are back.

Puerto Rico on Friday broke the Guinness World record for the most hair dyed, with 192 men going blond to support the U.S. territory’s team that is vying to win the World Baseball Classic after finishing twice as runner-up.

The team's players first dyed their hair blond ahead of the 2017 World Baseball Classic as a joke, unexpectedly unleashing a dyeing craze in Puerto Rico that left pharmacies and beauty supply stores bereft of hair dye.

The tournament is usually held every four years, but the pandemic delayed it by two years, so after six years of no dye jobs and no “Team Rubio!” cheers, many Puerto Ricans were eager to see if the trend would continue.

The players obliged and repeated the tradition this year, and people in the island of overwhelmingly dark hair once again responded via platinum blond, dirty blond and even burnt orange locks and beards to show their support.

“The more blond hair, the more united we’ll be as a people,” photographer Miguel Rodríguez Camilo said while waiting for his dark hair to change color.

He was one of more than 200 men who showed up for the mass bleaching event Friday. Some were disqualified for various reasons, including that they didn't take the obligatory “before” picture.

Guinness World record adjudicator Natalia Ramírez noted that a handful were disqualified because they already had white or graying hair.

“If you can’t really see a change, it doesn’t count,” she said.

Participants sat in an outdoor area for up to 45 minutes wearing plastic shower caps as they laughed at each other, took selfies and observed themselves in their smartphones as colorists came by and peeked under the shower caps.

“I wasn’t going to do it, but my colleagues pressured me into it,” said William Davidowski, a 51-year-old with naturally dark brown hair who works at the insurance company that helped organize the event.

The World Baseball Classic just started, but Davidowski wasn’t sure how long he will stay a blond.

“It depends on how it looks,” he said with a laugh.

He walked out nearly an hour later with a baseball cap on.

Organizers of the event had eight hours to beat the previous record, set in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in March 2013 when 160 people dyed their hair. More than five hours after Friday's event began, participant No. 161, the man responsible for breaking the record, walked in to the applause and yells of those gathered.

“Let’s always support our guys,” Tomás Nieves, a 22-year-old air conditioning technician, said in a low whisper, explaining that he was nervous about all the attention.

Team Rubio, as Puerto Rico’s team is known, almost adopted another hair color this year.

There was talk about players dyeing their hair blue, “but some boys got a little shy,” New York Mets shortstop Francisco Lindor said at a recent news conference.

Then Detroit Tigers shortstop Javier Báez posted a picture on Instagram with newly dyed blond hair and, “that was that,” Lindor said.

This time, the team was prepared. It hired five barbers and colorists, compared with the lone barber and colorist from 2017. A local university that helped organize Friday's event bought 79 pounds of bleach.

“The people of Puerto Rico embraced it. It did them and us well as a team. So why not continue with this tradition?” Yadier Molina, former St. Louis Cardinals catcher and Team Puerto Rico’s manager, said earlier this week.

It remains to be seen whether all that blond power will translate into a win.

Puerto Rico’s first game is Saturday against Nicaragua, and then it faces Venezuela on Sunday.ABC News Live: At least 5 dead in Germany shooting Plus, the latest on the kidnappings of four Americans in Mexico, and a preview of the 95th Academy Awards.ABC News Live: At least 5 dead in Germany shooting Plus, the latest on the kidnappings of four Americans in Mexico, and a preview of the 95th Academy Awards.A note left on a truck said some Gulf Cartel members were responsible.

Five alleged members of a powerful Mexican cartel were charged with aggravated kidnapping and murder on Friday in connection to the kidnapping of four Americans, and the killing of two of them, in the border city of Matamoros.

The Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas announced the charges a day after the Gulf Cartel allegedly took responsibility for the kidnapping. The five men were found tied up near a pickup truck on Thursday morning and a handwritten note was found placed on the windshield of the truck, whose author or authors say they belong to the Gulf Cartel, the dominant organized crime group in this part of Mexico.

ABC News has geolocated that location as the same area where the U.S. citizens were kidnapped one week ago.

The note said some Gulf Cartel members were responsible for the kidnapping and killings and apologized for their actions.

"We have decided to deliver those involved and directly responsible," the note said, presumably referring to the five men found tied up at the scene.

Multiple different law enforcement agencies, along with members of the Mexican army, responded to the scene.

The five alleged cartel members are seen lying on the ground with their hands tied in front of a truck in a photo provided by a source close to the investigation. Obtained by ABC News

Police allegedly found two weapons inside the truck when they detained the five men -- an AK-47 and an AR-15 -- as well as four AK-47 magazines, three AR-15 magazines and cartridges of different calibers, according to a copy of the police report from Mexican authorities obtained by ABC News from a source close to the investigation.

Police found the men inside the truck with their hands tied with belts, along with the note, according to the police report.

Weapons allegedly found by Mexican authorities inside the truck are seen in a photo provided by a source close to the investigation. Obtained by ABC News

Multiple sources close to the investigation said they believe the note left on the windshield to be legitimate.

Neither ABC News nor U.S. officials have been able to independently verify the authenticity of the note.

ABC News has reached out to the FBI for comment.

The four kidnapped Americans -- Eric James Williams, Zindell Brown and cousins Latavia "Tay" McGee and Shaeed Woodard -- drove Friday morning into Matamoros, in the northeastern state of Tamaulipas just south of Brownsville, Texas. McGee had traveled from South Carolina to Mexico for a cosmetic medical procedure.

American victims in Mexico. From left to right, deceased Shaeed Woodard, survivor Latavia "Tay" McGee, survivor Eric James Williams, and deceased Zindell Brown in undated images. Courtesy of Laquonda Green, Tay McGee, and Michele Williams, and ABC News.

Soon after crossing the border, "unidentified gunmen fired upon the passengers in the vehicle," and then put the four Americans in another car and fled, the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City said.

Mexican investigators believe the kidnappers may have wrongly believed the Americans were rival human traffickers, a source close to the investigation told ABC News.

The two survivors -- McGee and Williams -- were found Tuesday morning in a wooden house in the Lagunona area, outside of Matamoros, Mexican officials said. Williams was shot in both legs while McGee was largely unharmed, family members said.

One of the deceased was also found inside the house, and the second was found outside it, a source close to the investigation told ABC News.

During the three days they were held, the Americans were transferred to various places, including a medical clinic, in order to create confusion and avoid rescue efforts, according to the governor of Tamaulipas, Américo Villarreal.

A general view of a storage shed behind a police cordon, at the scene where authorities found the bodies of two of four Americans kidnapped by gunmen, in Matamoros, Mexico, March 7, 2023. Daniel Becerril/Reuters

The two survivors were being treated at a hospital in Brownsville following their rescue. The bodies of the two Americans killed were repatriated to the U.S. on Thursday.

A 24-year-old suspect arrested earlier this week in connection with the incident has now been formally indicted on an aggravated kidnapping charge, the Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas said on Friday. The man was allegedly acting as a lookout when authorities finally located the four missing Americans.

The office also announced a homicide charge in the killing of Arely Pablo, 33, a Mexican bystander who died after being hit by a stray bullet during the kidnapping.A note left on a truck said some Gulf Cartel members were responsible.

Five alleged members of a powerful Mexican cartel were charged with aggravated kidnapping and murder on Friday in connection to the kidnapping of four Americans, and the killing of two of them, in the border city of Matamoros.

The Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas announced the charges a day after the Gulf Cartel allegedly took responsibility for the kidnapping. The five men were found tied up near a pickup truck on Thursday morning and a handwritten note was found placed on the windshield of the truck, whose author or authors say they belong to the Gulf Cartel, the dominant organized crime group in this part of Mexico.

ABC News has geolocated that location as the same area where the U.S. citizens were kidnapped one week ago.

The note said some Gulf Cartel members were responsible for the kidnapping and killings and apologized for their actions.

"We have decided to deliver those involved and directly responsible," the note said, presumably referring to the five men found tied up at the scene.

Multiple different law enforcement agencies, along with members of the Mexican army, responded to the scene.

The five alleged cartel members are seen lying on the ground with their hands tied in front of a truck in a photo provided by a source close to the investigation. Obtained by ABC News

Police allegedly found two weapons inside the truck when they detained the five men -- an AK-47 and an AR-15 -- as well as four AK-47 magazines, three AR-15 magazines and cartridges of different calibers, according to a copy of the police report from Mexican authorities obtained by ABC News from a source close to the investigation.

Police found the men inside the truck with their hands tied with belts, along with the note, according to the police report.

Weapons allegedly found by Mexican authorities inside the truck are seen in a photo provided by a source close to the investigation. Obtained by ABC News

Multiple sources close to the investigation said they believe the note left on the windshield to be legitimate.

Neither ABC News nor U.S. officials have been able to independently verify the authenticity of the note.

ABC News has reached out to the FBI for comment.

The four kidnapped Americans -- Eric James Williams, Zindell Brown and cousins Latavia "Tay" McGee and Shaeed Woodard -- drove Friday morning into Matamoros, in the northeastern state of Tamaulipas just south of Brownsville, Texas. McGee had traveled from South Carolina to Mexico for a cosmetic medical procedure.

American victims in Mexico. From left to right, deceased Shaeed Woodard, survivor Latavia "Tay" McGee, survivor Eric James Williams, and deceased Zindell Brown in undated images. Courtesy of Laquonda Green, Tay McGee, and Michele Williams, and ABC News.

Soon after crossing the border, "unidentified gunmen fired upon the passengers in the vehicle," and then put the four Americans in another car and fled, the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City said.

Mexican investigators believe the kidnappers may have wrongly believed the Americans were rival human traffickers, a source close to the investigation told ABC News.

The two survivors -- McGee and Williams -- were found Tuesday morning in a wooden house in the Lagunona area, outside of Matamoros, Mexican officials said. Williams was shot in both legs while McGee was largely unharmed, family members said.

One of the deceased was also found inside the house, and the second was found outside it, a source close to the investigation told ABC News.

During the three days they were held, the Americans were transferred to various places, including a medical clinic, in order to create confusion and avoid rescue efforts, according to the governor of Tamaulipas, Américo Villarreal.

A general view of a storage shed behind a police cordon, at the scene where authorities found the bodies of two of four Americans kidnapped by gunmen, in Matamoros, Mexico, March 7, 2023. Daniel Becerril/Reuters

The two survivors were being treated at a hospital in Brownsville following their rescue. The bodies of the two Americans killed were repatriated to the U.S. on Thursday.

A 24-year-old suspect arrested earlier this week in connection with the incident has now been formally indicted on an aggravated kidnapping charge, the Attorney General's Office of Tamaulipas said on Friday. The man was allegedly acting as a lookout when authorities finally located the four missing Americans.

The office also announced a homicide charge in the killing of Arely Pablo, 33, a Mexican bystander who died after being hit by a stray bullet during the kidnapping.The shooting took place in Hamburg, police said.

Five people were killed, as well as an unborn child, in a mass shooting at a building used by Jehovah's Witnesses in Hamburg, Germany, on Thursday evening, police said.

Eight people were also injured in the shooting, said police, including the pregnant mother of the unborn child. The 33-year-old woman, who was 28 weeks pregnant, suffered serious injuries, according to police.

Three of those injured suffered life-threatening injuries, while four others -- including the mother -- suffered serious injuries. One man suffered minor injuries, police said.

Police officers on the scene of a shooting in Hamburg, Germany, March 9, 2023. Jonas Walzberg/dpa via Newscom

A suspected shooter was found dead in a community center, according to police, who initially conducted searches to "rule out the involvement of other perpetrators." Authorities now believe he acted alone.

The 35-year-old man died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound on an upper floor of the building where the shooting took place, police said Friday. He had no known connection to terrorism.

Police said the six adults who died were between the ages of 33 and 60.

Police secures the area after a shooting in the northern German city of Hamburg, Germany, March 9, 2023. Fabian Bimmer/Reuters

The incident occurred around 9 p.m., according to an alert from the city of Hamburg.

The streets around the building were cordoned off and residents were advised to avoid the area and shelter in place "for the time being," the alert said. Police later began lifting shelter-in-place orders in the city.

Armed police officers and emergency services near the scene of a shooting in Hamburg, Germany on March 9, 2023 after one or more people opened fire in a church. Jonas Walzberg/AP

Hamburg Mayor Peter Tschentscher called reports of the deadly shooting "shocking" and offered his "deepest condolences" to the families of the victims.

"The emergency services are working flat out to track down the perpetrators and clarify the background," he said in a statement earlier Thursday.

ABC News' Will Gretsky contributed to this report.The shooting took place in Hamburg, police said.

Five people were killed, as well as an unborn child, in a mass shooting at a building used by Jehovah's Witnesses in Hamburg, Germany, on Thursday evening, police said.

Eight people were also injured in the shooting, said police, including the pregnant mother of the unborn child. The 33-year-old woman, who was 28 weeks pregnant, suffered serious injuries, according to police.

Three of those injured suffered life-threatening injuries, while four others -- including the mother -- suffered serious injuries. One man suffered minor injuries, police said.

Police officers on the scene of a shooting in Hamburg, Germany, March 9, 2023. Jonas Walzberg/dpa via Newscom

A suspected shooter was found dead in a community center, according to police, who initially conducted searches to "rule out the involvement of other perpetrators." Authorities now believe he acted alone.

The 35-year-old man died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound on an upper floor of the building where the shooting took place, police said Friday. He had no known connection to terrorism.

Police said the six adults who died were between the ages of 33 and 60.

Police secures the area after a shooting in the northern German city of Hamburg, Germany, March 9, 2023. Fabian Bimmer/Reuters

The incident occurred around 9 p.m., according to an alert from the city of Hamburg.

The streets around the building were cordoned off and residents were advised to avoid the area and shelter in place "for the time being," the alert said. Police later began lifting shelter-in-place orders in the city.

Armed police officers and emergency services near the scene of a shooting in Hamburg, Germany on March 9, 2023 after one or more people opened fire in a church. Jonas Walzberg/AP

Hamburg Mayor Peter Tschentscher called reports of the deadly shooting "shocking" and offered his "deepest condolences" to the families of the victims.

"The emergency services are working flat out to track down the perpetrators and clarify the background," he said in a statement earlier Thursday.

ABC News' Will Gretsky contributed to this report.Russia has added the World Wildlife Fund to its register of foreign agents, a listing that brings additional government scrutiny

MOSCOW -- Russia on Friday added the World Wildlife Fund to its register of foreign agents, along with a prominent Kremlin critic, a renowned economist and a few others.

Russian law requires individuals and organizations that are determined to have received foreign funding and to have engaged in loosely defined "political activity" to identify themselves as “foreign agents.”

The label brings additional government scrutiny. It also carries a strong pejorative connotation in Russia. Authorities have used the law to discredit those listed and to stifle dissent.

The World Wildlife Fund, which is headquartered in Washington, is a conservation group with projects throughout the world, including in Russia.

Explaining the decision in Moscow, the Russian Justice Ministry said the organization, “under the guise of protecting nature and the environment ... tried to influence the decisions of the executive and legislative authorities” and "hindered the implementation of industrial and infrastructure projects.”

WWF representatives told Russian news site Meduza that the decision to designate the organization as a foreign agent was unfounded. They promised to contest in court and stressed the group would continue to "protect rare animal species and preserve Russia's nature."

The ministry also added Russian economist Sergei Guriev, a professor at Sciences Po, a French university also known as the Paris Institute of Political Studies, to the list. It accused Guriev, a vocal critic of the Kremlin, of “speaking negatively about the servicemen of the Russian Armed Forces” and “spreading through foreign media false information about decisions Russia's state bodies make and policies they implement.”

Other individuals added to the register included Gennady Gudkov, a former lawmaker turned opposition figure who has publicly opposed what the Kremlin calls “a special military operation” in Ukraine, and feminist blogger Nika Vodvud.

Vodvud, the ministry said, “openly spoke out in support of Ukraine,” “discredited the notion of serving one's Fatherland" and "formed negative attitude towards military service.”

Another addition to the list was the Free Buryatia Foundation, an advocacy group from Russia's Siberian region of Buryatia that has condemned Russia's military campaign in Ukraine. The group has helped dozens of soldiers who refused to continue fighting in Ukraine return home.

The Justice Ministry accused the foundation of calling for “actions, the results of which could violate Russia's territorial inetgrity.”5 alleged cartel members in Mexico arrested after Americans kidnapped and killed Authorities say they found the men tied up near a pickup truck with an apology note allegedly turned in by cartel leadership.5 alleged cartel members in Mexico arrested after Americans kidnapped and killed Authorities say they found the men tied up near a pickup truck with an apology note allegedly turned in by cartel leadership.The latest Russian missile barrage against Ukraine’s civilian infrastructure was one of the largest in months

The latest Russian missile barrage against Ukraine's civilian infrastructure has marked one of the largest such attacks in months.

On Thursday, Russia fired over 80 missiles in a massive effort to overwhelm Ukrainian air defenses and cripple the country’s energy system.

Russia has been regularly launching similar strikes since October in a bid to demoralize the population and force the Ukrainian government to bow to the Kremlin’s demands.

Thursday's strikes differed from earlier attacks, though, by including a larger number of sophisticated hypersonic missiles that are the most advanced weapons in the Russian arsenal. But just like previous such barrages it has failed to cause lasting damage to the country's energy network, with repair crews quickly restoring power supplies to most regions.

Here is a look at the latest Russian missile attack and the weapons involved.

WHAT DID UKRAINIAN AND RUSSIAN OFFICIALS SAY?

Ukraine's military chief, Gen. Valerii Zaluzhnyi, said that Russia launched 81 missiles and eight exploding Iranian-made Shahed drones in a barrage early Thursday, and Ukraine's air defenses downed 34 missiles and four drones.

According to Zaluzhnyi, those missiles included six hypersonic Kinzhal missiles, the most advanced weapons in the Russian arsenal. Ukrainian air force spokesman Yurii Ihnat emphasized that Ukraine lacks assets to intercept the Kinzhal and the older Kh-22 missiles that were also used in Thursday’s strikes.

Russia’s Defense Ministry described the barrage as a “strike of retribution” in retaliation for what Moscow described as a cross-border raid by Ukrainian saboteurs who attacked two villages in the Bryansk region in western Russia last week. A group of self-exiled Russians fighting alongside Ukrainian forces claimed responsibility for the attack, while Ukraine denied involvement. Moscow didn't say how many missiles were fired, but claimed they hit the designated targets.

HOW DID THE LATEST BARRAGE DIFFER FROM EARLIER RUSSIAN ATTACKS?

Military analysts noted that the number of Kinzhal missiles used in Thursday’s barrage was significantly higher compared to previous strikes, which have typically involved no more than a couple of such weapons.

The Kinzhal is one of the latest and most advanced Russian weapons. The Russian military says the air-launched ballistic missile has a range of up to 2,000 kilometers (about 1,250 miles) and flies at 10 times the speed of sound, making it hard to intercept. A combination of hypersonic speed and a heavy warhead allows the Kinzhal to destroy heavily fortified targets, like underground bunkers or mountain tunnels.

Russia has used the Kinzhal to strike targets in Ukraine starting from the early days of the invasion, but it has used the expensive weapon sparingly and against priority targets, apparently reflecting the small number of Kinzhals available.

The precise targets for Russian strikes and the resulting damage remain unclear as Ukrainian authorities have maintained a tight lid of secrecy on such information to avoid giving Russia a clue for planning future attacks. It’s also unclear what missiles Russia has used to hit which targeted facilities, although Western officials and military analysts have argued that Russia has faced an increasing shortage of state-of-the-art weapons, with new production far too slow to compensate for the amount already spent.

The British Defense Ministry noted Friday that the intervals between Russian missile strikes have grown bigger, probably “because Russia now needs to stockpile a critical mass of newly produced missiles directly from industry before it can resource a strike big enough to credibly overwhelm Ukrainian air defenses.”

The Kinzhal is carried by MiG-31 fighter jets, some of which are based in Belarus. Russia has used the territory of its ally as a staging ground for the invasion and maintained its troops and weapons there.

WHAT OTHER WEAPONS DID RUSSIA USE?

The Ukrainian military said that Thursday’s barrage also included six older Kh-22 missiles, which are launched by Tu-22M heavy bombers and fly at more than three times the speed of sound.

The massive weapon, which has a range of 600 kilometers (370 miles) and dates back to the 1970s, was designed by the Soviet Union to strike U.S. aircraft carriers and other warships. It packs a big punch thanks to its supersonic speed and a heavy load of 630 kilograms (nearly 1,400 pounds) of explosives, but its outdated guidance system could make it highly inaccurate against ground targets, raising the probability of collateral damage.

Like in previous strikes, Russia also fired the modern Kh-101 cruise missiles carried by strategic bombers and the Kalibr cruise missiles that are launched by warships. The long-range, high-precision missiles are subsonic and the Ukrainian military has said it has successfully engaged them.

Another fixture in the Russian strikes were S-300 air defense missiles that Russia uses against ground targets at a comparatively smaller distance from the front line. While its relatively small warhead lacks the punch of bigger weapons designed to hit ground targets, Russia appears to have a big stock of such missiles and Ukraine can't intercept them.

Russia has also used some shorter-range air-launched missiles carried by fighter jets and the Iranian exploding drones. Ukrainian officials have said that the military has become increasingly successful in tackling them, downing the bulk of drones launched in each strike.

Ukrainian officials and experts say that by using numerous types of of missiles as well as drones in one massive attack Russia tries to overwhelm Ukrainian air defenses.

“It’s much more difficult for the Ukrainian air defenses to deal with an attack when they launch a motley collection of ballistic and ordinary missiles along with drones,” Zhdanov said. “Russia has been searching for weak spots in Ukrainian air defenses and it has partially succeeded."The latest Russian missile barrage against Ukraine’s civilian infrastructure was one of the largest in months

The latest Russian missile barrage against Ukraine's civilian infrastructure has marked one of the largest such attacks in months.

On Thursday, Russia fired over 80 missiles in a massive effort to overwhelm Ukrainian air defenses and cripple the country’s energy system.

Russia has been regularly launching similar strikes since October in a bid to demoralize the population and force the Ukrainian government to bow to the Kremlin’s demands.

Thursday's strikes differed from earlier attacks, though, by including a larger number of sophisticated hypersonic missiles that are the most advanced weapons in the Russian arsenal. But just like previous such barrages it has failed to cause lasting damage to the country's energy network, with repair crews quickly restoring power supplies to most regions.

Here is a look at the latest Russian missile attack and the weapons involved.

WHAT DID UKRAINIAN AND RUSSIAN OFFICIALS SAY?

Ukraine's military chief, Gen. Valerii Zaluzhnyi, said that Russia launched 81 missiles and eight exploding Iranian-made Shahed drones in a barrage early Thursday, and Ukraine's air defenses downed 34 missiles and four drones.

According to Zaluzhnyi, those missiles included six hypersonic Kinzhal missiles, the most advanced weapons in the Russian arsenal. Ukrainian air force spokesman Yurii Ihnat emphasized that Ukraine lacks assets to intercept the Kinzhal and the older Kh-22 missiles that were also used in Thursday’s strikes.

Russia’s Defense Ministry described the barrage as a “strike of retribution” in retaliation for what Moscow described as a cross-border raid by Ukrainian saboteurs who attacked two villages in the Bryansk region in western Russia last week. A group of self-exiled Russians fighting alongside Ukrainian forces claimed responsibility for the attack, while Ukraine denied involvement. Moscow didn't say how many missiles were fired, but claimed they hit the designated targets.

HOW DID THE LATEST BARRAGE DIFFER FROM EARLIER RUSSIAN ATTACKS?

Military analysts noted that the number of Kinzhal missiles used in Thursday’s barrage was significantly higher compared to previous strikes, which have typically involved no more than a couple of such weapons.

The Kinzhal is one of the latest and most advanced Russian weapons. The Russian military says the air-launched ballistic missile has a range of up to 2,000 kilometers (about 1,250 miles) and flies at 10 times the speed of sound, making it hard to intercept. A combination of hypersonic speed and a heavy warhead allows the Kinzhal to destroy heavily fortified targets, like underground bunkers or mountain tunnels.

Russia has used the Kinzhal to strike targets in Ukraine starting from the early days of the invasion, but it has used the expensive weapon sparingly and against priority targets, apparently reflecting the small number of Kinzhals available.

The precise targets for Russian strikes and the resulting damage remain unclear as Ukrainian authorities have maintained a tight lid of secrecy on such information to avoid giving Russia a clue for planning future attacks. It’s also unclear what missiles Russia has used to hit which targeted facilities, although Western officials and military analysts have argued that Russia has faced an increasing shortage of state-of-the-art weapons, with new production far too slow to compensate for the amount already spent.

The British Defense Ministry noted Friday that the intervals between Russian missile strikes have grown bigger, probably “because Russia now needs to stockpile a critical mass of newly produced missiles directly from industry before it can resource a strike big enough to credibly overwhelm Ukrainian air defenses.”

The Kinzhal is carried by MiG-31 fighter jets, some of which are based in Belarus. Russia has used the territory of its ally as a staging ground for the invasion and maintained its troops and weapons there.

WHAT OTHER WEAPONS DID RUSSIA USE?

The Ukrainian military said that Thursday’s barrage also included six older Kh-22 missiles, which are launched by Tu-22M heavy bombers and fly at more than three times the speed of sound.

The massive weapon, which has a range of 600 kilometers (370 miles) and dates back to the 1970s, was designed by the Soviet Union to strike U.S. aircraft carriers and other warships. It packs a big punch thanks to its supersonic speed and a heavy load of 630 kilograms (nearly 1,400 pounds) of explosives, but its outdated guidance system could make it highly inaccurate against ground targets, raising the probability of collateral damage.

Like in previous strikes, Russia also fired the modern Kh-101 cruise missiles carried by strategic bombers and the Kalibr cruise missiles that are launched by warships. The long-range, high-precision missiles are subsonic and the Ukrainian military has said it has successfully engaged them.

Another fixture in the Russian strikes were S-300 air defense missiles that Russia uses against ground targets at a comparatively smaller distance from the front line. While its relatively small warhead lacks the punch of bigger weapons designed to hit ground targets, Russia appears to have a big stock of such missiles and Ukraine can't intercept them.

Russia has also used some shorter-range air-launched missiles carried by fighter jets and the Iranian exploding drones. Ukrainian officials have said that the military has become increasingly successful in tackling them, downing the bulk of drones launched in each strike.

Ukrainian officials and experts say that by using numerous types of of missiles as well as drones in one massive attack Russia tries to overwhelm Ukrainian air defenses.

“It’s much more difficult for the Ukrainian air defenses to deal with an attack when they launch a motley collection of ballistic and ordinary missiles along with drones,” Zhdanov said. “Russia has been searching for weak spots in Ukrainian air defenses and it has partially succeeded."The last known survivor of a German group known as the White Rose that actively resisted the Nazis has died

BERLIN -- Traute Lafrenz, the last known survivor of a German group known as the White Rose that actively resisted the Nazis, has died. She was 103.

German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier expressed his condolences to her family Friday, describing Lafrenz as a “wonderful and immeasurably brave woman.”

“Your mother was one of the few who, in the face of the crimes of National Socialism, had the courage to listen to her conscience and stand up to dictatorship, fascism and war.”

According to an obituary published in The Charleston Post and Courier, Lafrenz died on March 6. She had emigrated to the United States after the war, marrying fellow physician Vernon Page and eventually retiring to South Carolina.

Born in Hamburg on May 3, 1919, Lafrenz moved to Munich to study medicine at the age of 22, where she met Hans Scholl. Through him she became acquainted with other students who were opposed to the Nazis and months later took part in the White Rose's risky efforts to distribute leaflets denouncing Hitler and his regime.

Several members, including Hans and his sister Sophie Scholl, were executed for their activity.

Lafrenz was arrested by the Gestapo secret police in 1943 but managed to hide her true involvement with the group and was sentenced to just one year of imprisonment. After her release, she was again detained until American troops freed her from a prison in Bayreuth in April 1945, days before the end of the World War II.

After emigrating, Lafrenz worked at a hospital in San Francisco, later living in Hayfork, California, and Evanston, Illinois.

She is survived by a daughter and three sons, as well as numerous grandchildren and great-grandchildren, according to the obituary. A memorial service was planned Saturday for friends and family at Yonges Island.

Germany's president said in his tribute that Lafrenz's actions had served as an “inspiration for young people who campaign for freedom and democracy these days.”The last known survivor of a German group known as the White Rose that actively resisted the Nazis has died

BERLIN -- Traute Lafrenz, the last known survivor of a German group known as the White Rose that actively resisted the Nazis, has died. She was 103.

German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier expressed his condolences to her family Friday, describing Lafrenz as a “wonderful and immeasurably brave woman.”

“Your mother was one of the few who, in the face of the crimes of National Socialism, had the courage to listen to her conscience and stand up to dictatorship, fascism and war.”

According to an obituary published in The Charleston Post and Courier, Lafrenz died on March 6. She had emigrated to the United States after the war, marrying fellow physician Vernon Page and eventually retiring to South Carolina.

Born in Hamburg on May 3, 1919, Lafrenz moved to Munich to study medicine at the age of 22, where she met Hans Scholl. Through him she became acquainted with other students who were opposed to the Nazis and months later took part in the White Rose's risky efforts to distribute leaflets denouncing Hitler and his regime.

Several members, including Hans and his sister Sophie Scholl, were executed for their activity.

Lafrenz was arrested by the Gestapo secret police in 1943 but managed to hide her true involvement with the group and was sentenced to just one year of imprisonment. After her release, she was again detained until American troops freed her from a prison in Bayreuth in April 1945, days before the end of the World War II.

After emigrating, Lafrenz worked at a hospital in San Francisco, later living in Hayfork, California, and Evanston, Illinois.

She is survived by a daughter and three sons, as well as numerous grandchildren and great-grandchildren, according to the obituary. A memorial service was planned Saturday for friends and family at Yonges Island.

Germany's president said in his tribute that Lafrenz's actions had served as an “inspiration for young people who campaign for freedom and democracy these days.”Former England captain Gary Lineker has been temporarily removed from his role as presenter of the BBC’s flagship soccer highlights show in the wake of his criticism of the British government’s new asylum policy

Former England captain Gary Lineker was temporarily removed on Friday from his role as presenter of the BBC's flagship soccer highlights show in the wake of his criticism of the British government’s new asylum policy.

The long-running “Match of the Day” program, which has been a national institution in Britain since the 1960s, will be aired on Saturday “without studio presentation or punditry,” the BBC said in an extraordinary development after a slew of Lineker's colleagues announced they wouldn't appear on the show without him.

In a post on Tuesday on his account that has 8.7 million followers, Lineker — one of England's greatest soccer players and now among the U.K.’s most influential media figures — compared lawmakers’ language about migrants to that used in Nazi Germany.

The BBC considers Lineker posting such views on social media as a breach of its guidelines. The network said it held discussions with Lineker over his involvement in “Match of the Day,” which is broadcast on Saturday nights and shows highlights of English Premier League games that day.

“The BBC has decided that he will step back from presenting ‘Match of the Day,’" the broadcaster said, “until we’ve got an agreed and clear position on his use of social media.

"We have never said that Gary should be an opinion-free zone, or that he can’t have a view on issues that matter to him, but we have said that he should keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies.”

Lineker has yet to make an official comment, though one of his former colleagues on the BBC — Dan Walker — said he had been in contact with Lineker and asked him “whether he is stepping back or whether the BBC have told him to step back.”

Walker said Lineker replied to him that the BBC “told me I have to step back.”

“So Gary Lineker wants to continue to present ‘Match Of The Day’ and is not apologizing for what he has said,” Walker said on Channel 5, where he works, “but he has said it’s a BBC decision to force him to not present the program at the moment.”

In solidarity with Lineker, Alan Shearer and Ian Wright — former England players who work as pundits on “Match of the Day” — said on Twitter they would not be appearing on the program this weekend.

After more of his BBC co-workers, like former soccer players Alex Scott, Jermaine Jenas and Micah Richards, said they would not want to work on "Match of the Day" because of the treatment of Lineker, the BBC took the decision to change the format of the show.

“Some of our pundits have said that they don’t wish to appear on the program while we seek to resolve the situation with Gary," the BBC said.

“We understand their position and we have decided that the program will focus on match action without studio presentation or punditry.”

Conservative lawmakers in Britain have called on the BBC to discipline Lineker, the network’s highest-paid star on 1.35 million pounds ($1.6 million) last year, for saying the government’s plan to detain and deport migrants arriving by boat is “an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s.”

The government has called Lineker’s Nazi comparison inappropriate and unacceptable, and some lawmakers said he should be fired.

The 62-year-old Lineker was a household name in Britain well before he became a smooth, knowledgeable presenter of sports shows on the BBC and other broadcasters. He was the leading scorer at the 1986 World Cup and finished his international career with 48 goals in 80 matches for England.

His club career included spells with Barcelona, Tottenham, Everton and Leicester.

The BBC, which is funded by a license fee paid by all households with a television, has a duty to be impartial and news staff are barred from expressing political opinions. As a freelancer who doesn’t work in news or current affairs, Lineker isn’t bound by the same rules and he often delves into politics and human rights issues with his tweets.

The BBC's neutrality has come under recent scrutiny over revelations that its chairman, Richard Sharp — a Conservative Party donor — helped arrange a loan for then Prime Minister Boris Johnson in 2021, weeks before he was appointed to the BBC post on the government’s recommendation.

___

More AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsFormer England captain Gary Lineker has been temporarily removed from his role as presenter of the BBC’s flagship soccer highlights show in the wake of his criticism of the British government’s new asylum policy

Former England captain Gary Lineker was temporarily removed on Friday from his role as presenter of the BBC's flagship soccer highlights show in the wake of his criticism of the British government’s new asylum policy.

The long-running “Match of the Day” program, which has been a national institution in Britain since the 1960s, will be aired on Saturday “without studio presentation or punditry,” the BBC said in an extraordinary development after a slew of Lineker's colleagues announced they wouldn't appear on the show without him.

In a post on Tuesday on his account that has 8.7 million followers, Lineker — one of England's greatest soccer players and now among the U.K.’s most influential media figures — compared lawmakers’ language about migrants to that used in Nazi Germany.

The BBC considers Lineker posting such views on social media as a breach of its guidelines. The network said it held discussions with Lineker over his involvement in “Match of the Day,” which is broadcast on Saturday nights and shows highlights of English Premier League games that day.

“The BBC has decided that he will step back from presenting ‘Match of the Day,’" the broadcaster said, “until we’ve got an agreed and clear position on his use of social media.

"We have never said that Gary should be an opinion-free zone, or that he can’t have a view on issues that matter to him, but we have said that he should keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies.”

Lineker has yet to make an official comment, though one of his former colleagues on the BBC — Dan Walker — said he had been in contact with Lineker and asked him “whether he is stepping back or whether the BBC have told him to step back.”

Walker said Lineker replied to him that the BBC “told me I have to step back.”

“So Gary Lineker wants to continue to present ‘Match Of The Day’ and is not apologizing for what he has said,” Walker said on Channel 5, where he works, “but he has said it’s a BBC decision to force him to not present the program at the moment.”

In solidarity with Lineker, Alan Shearer and Ian Wright — former England players who work as pundits on “Match of the Day” — said on Twitter they would not be appearing on the program this weekend.

After more of his BBC co-workers, like former soccer players Alex Scott, Jermaine Jenas and Micah Richards, said they would not want to work on "Match of the Day" because of the treatment of Lineker, the BBC took the decision to change the format of the show.

“Some of our pundits have said that they don’t wish to appear on the program while we seek to resolve the situation with Gary," the BBC said.

“We understand their position and we have decided that the program will focus on match action without studio presentation or punditry.”

Conservative lawmakers in Britain have called on the BBC to discipline Lineker, the network’s highest-paid star on 1.35 million pounds ($1.6 million) last year, for saying the government’s plan to detain and deport migrants arriving by boat is “an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s.”

The government has called Lineker’s Nazi comparison inappropriate and unacceptable, and some lawmakers said he should be fired.

The 62-year-old Lineker was a household name in Britain well before he became a smooth, knowledgeable presenter of sports shows on the BBC and other broadcasters. He was the leading scorer at the 1986 World Cup and finished his international career with 48 goals in 80 matches for England.

His club career included spells with Barcelona, Tottenham, Everton and Leicester.

The BBC, which is funded by a license fee paid by all households with a television, has a duty to be impartial and news staff are barred from expressing political opinions. As a freelancer who doesn’t work in news or current affairs, Lineker isn’t bound by the same rules and he often delves into politics and human rights issues with his tweets.

The BBC's neutrality has come under recent scrutiny over revelations that its chairman, Richard Sharp — a Conservative Party donor — helped arrange a loan for then Prime Minister Boris Johnson in 2021, weeks before he was appointed to the BBC post on the government’s recommendation.

___

More AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsBelgium's prime minister says TikTok is being banned from government phones over worries about cybersecurity, privacy and misinformation

BRUSSELS -- Belgium is banning TikTok from government phones over worries about cybersecurity, privacy and misinformation, the country's prime minister said Friday, mirroring recent action by other authorities in Europe and the U.S.

The Chinese-owned video sharing app will be temporarily prohibited from devices owned or paid for by the Belgium's federal government for at least six months, according to a post on Alexander de Croo's website.

TikTok said it is “disappointed at this suspension, which is based on basic misinformation about our company.” The company said it's "readily available to meet with officials to address any concerns and set the record straight on misconceptions.”

TikTok is owned by China’s ByteDance, which moved its headquarters to Singapore in 2020. The company sought to distance itself from its Chinese roots, saying its parent company is incorporated outside of China and it's majority owned by global institutional investors.

But the European Union's three main institutions and Denmark's defense ministry have already ordered employees to remove the app from devices used for official business. Similar bans have been imposed in Canada and the U.S.

The tussle over TikTok is part of a wider global rivalry between China and the U.S. and its Western allies over technological and economic supremacy.

De Croo said Belgium's ban was based on warnings from the state security service and its cybersecurity center, which said the app could harvest user data and tweak algorithms to manipulate its news feed and content.

They also warned that TikTok could be compelled to carry out spying for Beijing, he said, without being more specific.

“We are in a new geopolitical context where influence and surveillance between states have shifted to the digital world," de Croo said in an online statement. “We must not be naive: TikTok is a Chinese company which today is obliged to cooperate with the intelligence services. This is the reality. Prohibiting its use on federal service devices is common sense.”

TikTok said user data is stored in the U.S. and Singapore and pointed to new measures to ease European concerns by storing user data in European data centers.

“The Chinese government cannot compel another sovereign nation to provide data stored in that nation’s territory,” the company said in a statement.Belgium's prime minister says TikTok is being banned from government phones over worries about cybersecurity, privacy and misinformation

BRUSSELS -- Belgium is banning TikTok from government phones over worries about cybersecurity, privacy and misinformation, the country's prime minister said Friday, mirroring recent action by other authorities in Europe and the U.S.

The Chinese-owned video sharing app will be temporarily prohibited from devices owned or paid for by the Belgium's federal government for at least six months, according to a post on Alexander de Croo's website.

TikTok said it is “disappointed at this suspension, which is based on basic misinformation about our company.” The company said it's "readily available to meet with officials to address any concerns and set the record straight on misconceptions.”

TikTok is owned by China’s ByteDance, which moved its headquarters to Singapore in 2020. The company sought to distance itself from its Chinese roots, saying its parent company is incorporated outside of China and it's majority owned by global institutional investors.

But the European Union's three main institutions and Denmark's defense ministry have already ordered employees to remove the app from devices used for official business. Similar bans have been imposed in Canada and the U.S.

The tussle over TikTok is part of a wider global rivalry between China and the U.S. and its Western allies over technological and economic supremacy.

De Croo said Belgium's ban was based on warnings from the state security service and its cybersecurity center, which said the app could harvest user data and tweak algorithms to manipulate its news feed and content.

They also warned that TikTok could be compelled to carry out spying for Beijing, he said, without being more specific.

“We are in a new geopolitical context where influence and surveillance between states have shifted to the digital world," de Croo said in an online statement. “We must not be naive: TikTok is a Chinese company which today is obliged to cooperate with the intelligence services. This is the reality. Prohibiting its use on federal service devices is common sense.”

TikTok said user data is stored in the U.S. and Singapore and pointed to new measures to ease European concerns by storing user data in European data centers.

“The Chinese government cannot compel another sovereign nation to provide data stored in that nation’s territory,” the company said in a statement.7 dead, including unborn child, after shooting in Hamburg, Germany A gunman opened fire inside a Jehovah's Witnesses building and now police are trying to determine the motivation behind the attack.7 dead, including unborn child, after shooting in Hamburg, Germany A gunman opened fire inside a Jehovah's Witnesses building and now police are trying to determine the motivation behind the attack.Authorities say the Italian coast guard is responding to three boats “in danger” off Italy’s southern coast and carrying more than 1,300 migrants

MILAN -- The Italian coast guard responded Friday to three boats carrying more than 1,300 migrants that were “in danger” in the Mediterranean Sea off Italy’s southern coast, officials said.

Coast guard vessels were dispatched to rescue about 500 people on a smuggler's boat about 700 miles off the Calabria region, which forms the toe of the Italian boot. Coast guard crews also were rescuing 800 migrants from two boats in difficulty some 100 miles off Calabria.

The rescues come nearly two weeks after a shipwreck off the Calabrian coast killed at least 73 migrants who had departed Turkey. Another 80 were rescued, but more are missing and presumed dead.

Prosecutors are investigating whether Italian authorities failed to properly respond to the ship signaled by the European border control agency, Frontex. Instead of deploying coast guard boats for a rescue, they sent border enforcement vessels for a law enforcement operation.

Four smugglers have been arrested in the case, including one who was stopped by authorities in Austria.

Italy has strongly rejected any blame for the shipwreck and is adopting new measures to clamp down on smugglers.

Frontex said that crossings in the dangerous central Mediterranean Sea have more than doubled in the first two months of this year, with more than 12,000 irregular crossings. Last month alone, the numbers tripled from a year ago, to 7,000.

The U.N. migration agency estimates some 300 people are dead or missing and presumed dead along the perilous central Mediterranean route this year.A deal between Iran and Saudi Arabia to resume diplomatic ties has wide-reaching effects across the Middle East and beyond, and reduces the chance of armed conflict between regional rivals

DUBAI, United Arab Emirates -- DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — A deal between Iran and Saudi Arabia to resume diplomatic ties has wide-reaching effects across the Middle East and beyond, and reduces the chance of armed conflict between regional rivals.

Here’s a look at some of the countries that could be affected by the deal, struck this week in China:

— YEMEN: Both Saudi Arabia and Iran are deeply embroiled in Yemen’s yearslong civil war. Saudi Arabia entered the conflict in 2015, backing the country’s exiled government, while Iran has backed the Houthi rebels who in 2014 seized the capital, Sanaa. Diplomats have been seeking a way to end the conflict, which has spawned one of the world's worst humanitarian disasters and turned into a proxy war between Riyadh and Tehran. The Saudi-Iran deal may provide a boost to efforts to end the conflict.

— LEBANON: Iran long has backed the powerful Lebanese Shiite militia Hezbollah, while Saudi Arabia has backed the country’s Sunni politicians. Easing tensions between Riyadh and Tehran could see the two push for a political reconciliation in Lebanon, which is facing an unprecedented financial meltdown.

— SYRIA: Iran has backed Syria’s President Bashar Assad in his country’s long war, while Saudi Arabia has backed the rebels seeking to topple him. But in recent months, particularly after the earthquake that devastated both Syria and Turkey, Arab nations have moved closer to Assad. The diplomatic deal on Friday could make it more palatable for Riyadh to interact with Assad — and further strengthen the autocrat’s hand.

— ISRAEL: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has wanted to normalize relations with Saudi Arabia, but the deal with Iran, his longtime nemesis, will complicate that. It also could make Israel feel more alone if it decides to carry out a military strike against Iran’s nuclear program as it creeps closer to weapons-grade levels. Already, the United Arab Emirates, which has normalized relations with Israel and long has been suspicious of Tehran, already has sought to ease tensions with Iran.

— IRAN: Iran has faced withering international sanctions amid the collapse of its 2015 nuclear deal with world powers. The Saudi-Iran deal could provide Tehran new avenues to skirt sanctions. Already, Iran has deepened its ties to Russia and armed Moscow with bomb-carrying drones in its war on Ukraine.

— SAUDI ARABIA: Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman wants to spend tens of billions of dollars on megaprojects to pivot the kingdom off crude oil amid threats imposed by climate change. Worrying about cross-border attacks only puts these projects in more doubt.

— UNITED STATES: The Biden administration insists that it has always been in favor of any arrangement that can help reduce tensions in the Mideast, including a restoration of Iran-Saudi ties. However, U.S. officials say they are skeptical Iran will follow through on its commitments but say they will be watching closely. China's role in mediating the rapprochement may be a concern as it relates to the battle between Washington and Beijing for influence in the region and beyond, but the officials said it was far from clear if the Chinese efforts would be successful.A deal between Iran and Saudi Arabia to resume diplomatic ties has wide-reaching effects across the Middle East and beyond, and reduces the chance of armed conflict between regional rivals

DUBAI, United Arab Emirates -- DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — A deal between Iran and Saudi Arabia to resume diplomatic ties has wide-reaching effects across the Middle East and beyond, and reduces the chance of armed conflict between regional rivals.

Here’s a look at some of the countries that could be affected by the deal, struck this week in China:

— YEMEN: Both Saudi Arabia and Iran are deeply embroiled in Yemen’s yearslong civil war. Saudi Arabia entered the conflict in 2015, backing the country’s exiled government, while Iran has backed the Houthi rebels who in 2014 seized the capital, Sanaa. Diplomats have been seeking a way to end the conflict, which has spawned one of the world's worst humanitarian disasters and turned into a proxy war between Riyadh and Tehran. The Saudi-Iran deal may provide a boost to efforts to end the conflict.

— LEBANON: Iran long has backed the powerful Lebanese Shiite militia Hezbollah, while Saudi Arabia has backed the country’s Sunni politicians. Easing tensions between Riyadh and Tehran could see the two push for a political reconciliation in Lebanon, which is facing an unprecedented financial meltdown.

— SYRIA: Iran has backed Syria’s President Bashar Assad in his country’s long war, while Saudi Arabia has backed the rebels seeking to topple him. But in recent months, particularly after the earthquake that devastated both Syria and Turkey, Arab nations have moved closer to Assad. The diplomatic deal on Friday could make it more palatable for Riyadh to interact with Assad — and further strengthen the autocrat’s hand.

— ISRAEL: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has wanted to normalize relations with Saudi Arabia, but the deal with Iran, his longtime nemesis, will complicate that. It also could make Israel feel more alone if it decides to carry out a military strike against Iran’s nuclear program as it creeps closer to weapons-grade levels. Already, the United Arab Emirates, which has normalized relations with Israel and long has been suspicious of Tehran, already has sought to ease tensions with Iran.

— IRAN: Iran has faced withering international sanctions amid the collapse of its 2015 nuclear deal with world powers. The Saudi-Iran deal could provide Tehran new avenues to skirt sanctions. Already, Iran has deepened its ties to Russia and armed Moscow with bomb-carrying drones in its war on Ukraine.

— SAUDI ARABIA: Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman wants to spend tens of billions of dollars on megaprojects to pivot the kingdom off crude oil amid threats imposed by climate change. Worrying about cross-border attacks only puts these projects in more doubt.

— UNITED STATES: The Biden administration insists that it has always been in favor of any arrangement that can help reduce tensions in the Mideast, including a restoration of Iran-Saudi ties. However, U.S. officials say they are skeptical Iran will follow through on its commitments but say they will be watching closely. China's role in mediating the rapprochement may be a concern as it relates to the battle between Washington and Beijing for influence in the region and beyond, but the officials said it was far from clear if the Chinese efforts would be successful.A meeting between Germany’s Catholic bishops and lay representatives agreed Friday to call for the church to approve blessings of same-sex unions

BERLIN -- A meeting between Germany’s Catholic bishops and lay representatives agreed Friday to call for the church to approve blessings of same-sex unions.

The three-day gathering, which is part of the “Synodal Path” launched in 2019 in response to the sex abuse crisis that has rocked the church in Germany and many other countries, brings together more than 200 representatives of Catholic life in Germany.

A majority of 176 participants voted in favor of same-sex blessings starting from March 2026. Fourteen participants voted against them, while 12 abstained. Crucially, the necessary two-thirds backing of the 67 German bishops was also reached, the news agency dpa reported.

Many congregations already perform such ceremonies, but these aren't formally approved by the Catholic Church, a position the Vatican restated in 2021.

In an effort to assuage concerns from Rome, German church leaders have insisted the process won’t trigger a schism.

However, Pope Francis himself said in a January interview with The Associated Press that the process might become harmfully “ideological.”

For the global Catholic Church, the pontiff has called for a two-part synod, or assembly, that will bring bishops and laity to discuss the future direction of the church and ways in which it can rejuvenate its mission.

At the same time, German bishops face pressure from frustrated grassroots Catholics in a country where Christians are roughly equally divided between Protestants and Catholics.Ford Motor Co. says it will cut around 1,100 jobs at its plant in the Spanish city of Valencia

MADRID -- Ford Motor Co. announced Friday that it will cut around 1,100 jobs at its plant in the eastern Spanish city of Valencia.

The cuts are in addition to the 2,300 layoffs largely in Germany and the United Kingdom that the automaker announced last month as part of a “leaner, more competitive cost structure in Europe.”

Ford Spain said in a statement that it notified unions on Friday of what it described as “a profound restructuring of its operations." Ford has recently championed the Valencia plant as its preferred site to assemble “next-generation” electric vehicles on the continent.

José Luis Parra Navarro, a UGT union spokesman, said the workforce would become “surplus” when the plant switched to making electric cars because the work “requires less labor.”

The plant is Ford’s only such facility in Spain and currently employs 5,400 people.

The job cuts were “mainly due to the already announced discontinuing production of the S-Max and Galaxy models in April 2023,” Ford Spain said in an email.

The Dearborn, Michigan-based company has a strategy to offer an all-electric fleet in Europe by 2035 and says production of its first European-built electric car is expected to start later this year.

The job cuts come amid a sea change in the global auto industry from gas-guzzling combustion engines to electric vehicles. Governments are pushing to reduce the emissions that contribute to climate change, and a resulting race to develop electric vehicles has generated intense competition among automakers.

In January, Ford announced a new solar power plant had opened at the Valencia facility as it looks to become a carbon-neutral business.Ford Motor Co. says it will cut around 1,100 jobs at its plant in the Spanish city of Valencia

MADRID -- Ford Motor Co. announced Friday that it will cut around 1,100 jobs at its plant in the eastern Spanish city of Valencia.

The cuts are in addition to the 2,300 layoffs largely in Germany and the United Kingdom that the automaker announced last month as part of a “leaner, more competitive cost structure in Europe.”

Ford Spain said in a statement that it notified unions on Friday of what it described as “a profound restructuring of its operations." Ford has recently championed the Valencia plant as its preferred site to assemble “next-generation” electric vehicles on the continent.

José Luis Parra Navarro, a UGT union spokesman, said the workforce would become “surplus” when the plant switched to making electric cars because the work “requires less labor.”

The plant is Ford’s only such facility in Spain and currently employs 5,400 people.

The job cuts were “mainly due to the already announced discontinuing production of the S-Max and Galaxy models in April 2023,” Ford Spain said in an email.

The Dearborn, Michigan-based company has a strategy to offer an all-electric fleet in Europe by 2035 and says production of its first European-built electric car is expected to start later this year.

The job cuts come amid a sea change in the global auto industry from gas-guzzling combustion engines to electric vehicles. Governments are pushing to reduce the emissions that contribute to climate change, and a resulting race to develop electric vehicles has generated intense competition among automakers.

In January, Ford announced a new solar power plant had opened at the Valencia facility as it looks to become a carbon-neutral business.The head of the International Atomic Energy Agency is set for another four-year term at the helm of the United Nations’ nuclear watchdog as it grapples with monitoring Iran’s nuclear activities and tries to shore up the safety of power plants in Ukraine

VIENNA -- The head of the International Atomic Energy Agency is set for another four-year term at the helm of the U.N. nuclear watchdog as it grapples with monitoring Iran's nuclear activities and tries to shore up the safety of power plants in Ukraine.

The IAEA said that its 35-nation board of governors on Friday reappointed Argentine diplomat Rafael Mariano Grossi by acclamation for a second term as the organization's director-general, beginning in early December.

The annual meeting of the IAEA's 176 member countries, the general conference, will have to sign off formally on the reappointment when it meets in September.

Grossi said in a statement that he was “deeply honored” by the board's unanimous decision.

"It comes at a time when we face many major challenges and I’m fully committed to continue to do everything in my power to implement the IAEA’s crucial mission in support of global peace and development,” he said.

Grossi took charge of the Vienna-based agency in December 2019, months after his predecessor, Yukiya Amano, died in office.

His time in office has come amid mounting tensions between Iran and the West as Tehran's 2015 nuclear deal with world powers unraveled. The IAEA has sought to keep up its monitoring of Iran's nuclear activities amid mounting difficulties.

Over the past year, Grossi has repeatedly expressed alarm about the risks of a nuclear disaster following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, which has seen Moscow's forces occupy the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant — Europe's biggest.

The IAEA has placed teams of experts at all four of Ukraine’s nuclear power plants, including Zaporizhzhia.

Grossi has for months pursued a delicate diplomatic drive to get a “nuclear safety and security protection zone” set up around the Zaporizhzhia plant, an aim that so far has proven elusive.The head of the International Atomic Energy Agency is set for another four-year term at the helm of the United Nations’ nuclear watchdog as it grapples with monitoring Iran’s nuclear activities and tries to shore up the safety of power plants in Ukraine

VIENNA -- The head of the International Atomic Energy Agency is set for another four-year term at the helm of the U.N. nuclear watchdog as it grapples with monitoring Iran's nuclear activities and tries to shore up the safety of power plants in Ukraine.

The IAEA said that its 35-nation board of governors on Friday reappointed Argentine diplomat Rafael Mariano Grossi by acclamation for a second term as the organization's director-general, beginning in early December.

The annual meeting of the IAEA's 176 member countries, the general conference, will have to sign off formally on the reappointment when it meets in September.

Grossi said in a statement that he was “deeply honored” by the board's unanimous decision.

"It comes at a time when we face many major challenges and I’m fully committed to continue to do everything in my power to implement the IAEA’s crucial mission in support of global peace and development,” he said.

Grossi took charge of the Vienna-based agency in December 2019, months after his predecessor, Yukiya Amano, died in office.

His time in office has come amid mounting tensions between Iran and the West as Tehran's 2015 nuclear deal with world powers unraveled. The IAEA has sought to keep up its monitoring of Iran's nuclear activities amid mounting difficulties.

Over the past year, Grossi has repeatedly expressed alarm about the risks of a nuclear disaster following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, which has seen Moscow's forces occupy the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant — Europe's biggest.

The IAEA has placed teams of experts at all four of Ukraine’s nuclear power plants, including Zaporizhzhia.

Grossi has for months pursued a delicate diplomatic drive to get a “nuclear safety and security protection zone” set up around the Zaporizhzhia plant, an aim that so far has proven elusive.Six Pakistanis and one Iranian national who were found guilty of trying to smuggle heroin to Kenya’s coastal city of Mombasa via the Indian Ocean have been sentenced to life in prison

NAIROBI, Kenya -- Six Pakistanis and one Iranian national who were found guilty of trafficking heroin via the Indian Ocean to Kenya’s coastal city of Mombasa have been sentenced to life in prison.

The foreigners have been in custody since 2014 when they were arrested and charged with trafficking heroin worth 1.3 billion Kenya shillings ($10 million).

Each of the convicts will also be fined 3.9 billion Kenya shillings, the Mombasa court said Friday. They all have a right to appeal to the higher court.

The seven were crew members of a ship Amin Darya, also known as Al Noor, and were arrested while on board while the ship was at sea.

The ship was destroyed in an operation that was supervised by then President Uhuru Kenyatta, who reiterated the country’s strict stance against drug trafficking.

During the trial, the foreigners accused police of tampering with evidence after the ship was destroyed before the case was concluded. The magistrate, however, said the court was satisfied with the evidence retrieved before the ship was destroyed.

Police said they found 377 kilograms (831 pounds) of granular heroin, 33,200 liters (8,770 gallons) of liquid heroin and 2,400 liters (6,34 gallons) of diesel mixed with heroin.

The Kenyan public prosecutor had sought a life sentence for each of the men after the court found them guilty last month. Kenya's coast has become a transit point for drug trafficking in the East African region, according to officials.A timeline of the shooting at a Jehovah’s Witnesses hall in the German city of Hamburg on Thursday evening, according to information provided by authorities on Friday

HAMBURG, Germany -- A timeline of the shooting at a Jehovah's Witnesses hall in the German city of Hamburg on Thursday evening, according to information provided by authorities on Friday.

About 9 p.m.

— The perpetrator opens fire in the parking lot of the Kingdom Hall in the Gross Borstel district of Hamburg, firing 10 shots at a car. The woman who is driving it manages to get away with light injuries.

He then shoots through a window at people taking part in a service on the ground floor of the building before climbing in through the window while continuing to shoot.

There are 36 people present in the hall, with another 25 participating online.

9:04 p.m.

— Police and firefighters receive the first of 47 emergency calls, some of them from people inside the building, alerting them to the shooting.

9:08 p.m.

— The first police officers arrive at the scene.

9:09 p.m.

— A Hamburg police unit specially trained to deal with rampages and terror attacks, known by its acronym USE, arrives at the scene. Police say it is a “lucky coincidence” that the unit is still on duty and is nearby.

9:11 p.m.

— The unit enters the building, using firearms to break a pane of glass and open the door. They hear continuous shots as they force their way in. They find a large number of people in a room, some of them lying on the floor. The suspected perpetrator flees to the second floor.

Police reaching the second floor find a man lying on the floor with a fatal gunshot wound and a firearm next to him.

Around 20 people are rescued unhurt from the building. Authorities find nine empty magazines that can carry up to 15 bullets at the scene, as well as 20 loaded magazines in a backpack and another two on the body of the suspected gunman.

Six people are confirmed killed, while a pregnant woman loses her unborn baby.

12:30 a.m. Friday

— Authorities remain uncertain whether there are any other perpetrators after witnesses report that there may have been two shooters. Prosecutors order a search of the deceased suspect's apartment. Investigators find 15 magazines, each loaded with 15 bullets; another four boxes of ammunition with a total of 200 bullets; and laptops and smartphones.

Investigators establish that what appears to be a possible second shooter in a video of the scene is in fact the shadow of the single gunman.A timeline of the shooting at a Jehovah’s Witnesses hall in the German city of Hamburg on Thursday evening, according to information provided by authorities on Friday

HAMBURG, Germany -- A timeline of the shooting at a Jehovah's Witnesses hall in the German city of Hamburg on Thursday evening, according to information provided by authorities on Friday.

About 9 p.m.

— The perpetrator opens fire in the parking lot of the Kingdom Hall in the Gross Borstel district of Hamburg, firing 10 shots at a car. The woman who is driving it manages to get away with light injuries.

He then shoots through a window at people taking part in a service on the ground floor of the building before climbing in through the window while continuing to shoot.

There are 36 people present in the hall, with another 25 participating online.

9:04 p.m.

— Police and firefighters receive the first of 47 emergency calls, some of them from people inside the building, alerting them to the shooting.

9:08 p.m.

— The first police officers arrive at the scene.

9:09 p.m.

— A Hamburg police unit specially trained to deal with rampages and terror attacks, known by its acronym USE, arrives at the scene. Police say it is a “lucky coincidence” that the unit is still on duty and is nearby.

9:11 p.m.

— The unit enters the building, using firearms to break a pane of glass and open the door. They hear continuous shots as they force their way in. They find a large number of people in a room, some of them lying on the floor. The suspected perpetrator flees to the second floor.

Police reaching the second floor find a man lying on the floor with a fatal gunshot wound and a firearm next to him.

Around 20 people are rescued unhurt from the building. Authorities find nine empty magazines that can carry up to 15 bullets at the scene, as well as 20 loaded magazines in a backpack and another two on the body of the suspected gunman.

Six people are confirmed killed, while a pregnant woman loses her unborn baby.

12:30 a.m. Friday

— Authorities remain uncertain whether there are any other perpetrators after witnesses report that there may have been two shooters. Prosecutors order a search of the deceased suspect's apartment. Investigators find 15 magazines, each loaded with 15 bullets; another four boxes of ammunition with a total of 200 bullets; and laptops and smartphones.

Investigators establish that what appears to be a possible second shooter in a video of the scene is in fact the shadow of the single gunman.Authorities in Haiti have identified new suspects in the July 2021 killing of President Jovenel Moïse

PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- Authorities in Haiti have identified new suspects in the July 2021 killing of President Jovenel Moïse, including a pastor and a well-known gang leader.

Police spokesman Garry Desrosiers said in an interview Friday with Radio Télévision Caraïbes that warrants also have been issued for eight police officers.

None of the new suspects have been arrested, and it wasn’t clear what alleged roles they might have played.

Desrosiers identified the gang leader as Vitel’Homme Innocent, leader of the Kraze Barye gang, which roughly translates to “breaking barriers.” He is also sought by the FBI, which accused him of helping kidnap 17 U.S. missionaries in October 2021.

Desrosiers did not provide further details, and he did not immediately return a message for comment.

Before the new arrest warrants were announced, more than 40 suspects had been detained in the case, including at least 18 Colombian ex-soldiers accused of raiding Moïse’s private residence in an attack that injured his wife.

Another 11 suspects are in U.S. custody, including a former Haitian senator and other key players.Authorities in Haiti have identified new suspects in the July 2021 killing of President Jovenel Moïse

PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- Authorities in Haiti have identified new suspects in the July 2021 killing of President Jovenel Moïse, including a pastor and a well-known gang leader.

Police spokesman Garry Desrosiers said in an interview Friday with Radio Télévision Caraïbes that warrants also have been issued for eight police officers.

None of the new suspects have been arrested, and it wasn’t clear what alleged roles they might have played.

Desrosiers identified the gang leader as Vitel’Homme Innocent, leader of the Kraze Barye gang, which roughly translates to “breaking barriers.” He is also sought by the FBI, which accused him of helping kidnap 17 U.S. missionaries in October 2021.

Desrosiers did not provide further details, and he did not immediately return a message for comment.

Before the new arrest warrants were announced, more than 40 suspects had been detained in the case, including at least 18 Colombian ex-soldiers accused of raiding Moïse’s private residence in an attack that injured his wife.

Another 11 suspects are in U.S. custody, including a former Haitian senator and other key players.China has condemned a plan by Japan to release treated radioactive wastewater from the damaged Fukushima nuclear plant into the sea, demanding that Tokyo first receive the approval of neighboring countries

BEIJING -- China on Friday condemned a Japanese plan to release treated radioactive wastewater from the damaged Fukushima nuclear plant into the sea, demanding that Tokyo first receive the approval of neighboring countries.

China has made similar complaints on a regular basis in the past, but has not said how it would respond if Japan goes ahead with the planned release.

China, which Japan invaded in the first half of the last century, has been a constant critic of Tokyo and its security alliance with the U.S., with the ruling Communist Party frequently invoking historical wrongs to rally domestic support and seek to undermine Japan’s global standing.

Japan’s behavior is “extremely irresponsible,” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Mao Ning said at a daily briefing Friday.

"I would like to stress that Japan’s release of treated nuclear-contaminated water from the Fukushima plant concerns the global marine environment and public health, which is not a private matter for the Japanese side,” Mao said.

“Until full consultation and agreement is reached with neighboring countries and other stakeholders and relevant international institutions, the Japanese side shall not initiate the discharge of nuclear-contaminated water into the sea without authorization,” she said.

A magnitude 9.0 earthquake and massive tsunami slammed into the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant 12 years ago on March 11, 2011, destroying its power and cooling systems and triggering the meltdowns of three reactors. Massive amounts of radiation were released in the surrounding area.

South Korea, several Pacific Island nations and Japanese fishing communities have also objected to the planned release.

Japanese officials and the plant's operator, Tokyo Electric Power Company Holdings, say the radioactive elements in the water can be reduced to safe levels.

Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Minister Tetsuro Nomura has said he will work to counter any damage from the release to the reputation of the area's seafood industry.

“We will convey the safety of the fish caught in the Japanese sea with scientific evidence,” Japan's Kyodo News quoted Nomura as saying.

___

Associated Press writer Mari Yamaguchi in Tokyo contributed to this report.China has condemned a plan by Japan to release treated radioactive wastewater from the damaged Fukushima nuclear plant into the sea, demanding that Tokyo first receive the approval of neighboring countries

BEIJING -- China on Friday condemned a Japanese plan to release treated radioactive wastewater from the damaged Fukushima nuclear plant into the sea, demanding that Tokyo first receive the approval of neighboring countries.

China has made similar complaints on a regular basis in the past, but has not said how it would respond if Japan goes ahead with the planned release.

China, which Japan invaded in the first half of the last century, has been a constant critic of Tokyo and its security alliance with the U.S., with the ruling Communist Party frequently invoking historical wrongs to rally domestic support and seek to undermine Japan’s global standing.

Japan’s behavior is “extremely irresponsible,” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Mao Ning said at a daily briefing Friday.

"I would like to stress that Japan’s release of treated nuclear-contaminated water from the Fukushima plant concerns the global marine environment and public health, which is not a private matter for the Japanese side,” Mao said.

“Until full consultation and agreement is reached with neighboring countries and other stakeholders and relevant international institutions, the Japanese side shall not initiate the discharge of nuclear-contaminated water into the sea without authorization,” she said.

A magnitude 9.0 earthquake and massive tsunami slammed into the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant 12 years ago on March 11, 2011, destroying its power and cooling systems and triggering the meltdowns of three reactors. Massive amounts of radiation were released in the surrounding area.

South Korea, several Pacific Island nations and Japanese fishing communities have also objected to the planned release.

Japanese officials and the plant's operator, Tokyo Electric Power Company Holdings, say the radioactive elements in the water can be reduced to safe levels.

Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Minister Tetsuro Nomura has said he will work to counter any damage from the release to the reputation of the area's seafood industry.

“We will convey the safety of the fish caught in the Japanese sea with scientific evidence,” Japan's Kyodo News quoted Nomura as saying.

___

Associated Press writer Mari Yamaguchi in Tokyo contributed to this report.U.K. authorities have dropped fraud charges against former executives of security firm G4S, saying it is “no longer in the public interest” to continue the decade-old case

LONDON -- U.K. authorities on Friday dropped fraud charges against three former executives of security firm G4S, saying it's “no longer in the public interest” to continue the decade-old case.

The Serious Fraud Office opened an investigation in 2013 into allegations the company had overcharged by millions of pounds on contracts to monitor offenders using electronic tags.

In 2020, the company accepted responsibility for three counts of fraud and agreed to pay a financial penalty of 38.5 million pounds, plus legal costs. Shortly afterwards, three G4S executives were charged with fraud.

They pleaded not guilty and had yet to stand trial. Then on Friday, prosecutors dropped the case.

“The defendants have been under suspicion for 10 years and the prosecution are only too aware of the impact the proceedings will have had on them and their families,” prosecutor Crispin Aylett said. “We recognized the potential unfairness of asking that this should go on for a substantial period of further time.

“We regret the way the case has turned out.”

A judge at London’s Central Criminal Court on Friday formally acquitted former managing director Richard Morris, former commercial director Mark Preston and former finance manager James Jardine.

Jardine’s lawyer, Joanna Dimmock, said the fraud office had “wasted millions of pounds of taxpayers’ money whilst three men’s lives have been ravaged and put on hold for nearly a decade.”

Morris said outside court that he was “delighted” that the ordeal was over, but blamed the fraud office for accepting an “untrue narrative” put forward by G4S when the company acknowledged responsibility for fraud.

“From the outset, the allegations against me were plainly wrong,” he said. “That it has taken 10 years for the SFO to acknowledge as much is a scandal.”The president of Cyprus says he will earmark 2% of gross domestic product to defense spending in line with other European Union member states as a means to strengthen the east Mediterranean island nation’s foreign policy bargaining power

NICOSIA, Cyprus -- Cyprus will earmark 2% of gross domestic product to defense spending in line with other European Union member states as a means to strengthen the east Mediterranean island nation’s foreign policy bargaining power, the new Cypriot president said Friday.

Nikos Christodoulides told reporters after a visit to a special forces training camp that he aims to put Cyprus among other countries like Greece and France, “at the core” of a recent EU push to bolster the bloc's deterrent capabilities and defense infrastructure.

“I also served as foreign minister and I know that without a strong deterrent force, without a strong defense, your say in foreign policy matters is clearly limited,” Christodoulides said.

According to official figures, Cyprus’ GDP in 2022 was estimated at 27 billion euros. A 2% of GDP target would mark a slight increase in current expenditure on ethnically split Cyprus’ military. It’s also reflective of NATO members’ commitment to spend 2% of their GDP on defense spending, although Christodoulides has said he has no intention to apply for membership in the military alliance at this time.

Cyprus was divided in 1974 when Turkey invaded following an Athens junta-backed coup aimed at union with Greece. Only Turkey recognizes a Turkish Cypriot declaration of independence in the island’s northern third where it maintains more than 35,000 troops.

“As long as there’s occupation in our country, we are obligated to bolster our deterrent capabilities,” said Christodoulides.

The president, who defeated a career diplomat in a Feb. 12 runoff to win the presidency, said his government would also strive to underscore Cyprus’ status as a member of the EU to upgrade defense cooperation with neighboring countries.

He also hailed the September 2022 full lifting of a decades-old U.S. arms embargo on Cyprus as a significant decision that his government would “utilize.” The decision renders Cyprus eligible for "“exports, re-exports and transfers of defense articles ... for the fiscal year 2023.”French President Emmanuel Macron has written to labor unions insisting on the need to raise the retirement age from 62 to 64 in order to make the French pension system financially sustainable in the coming years

PARIS -- French President Emmanuel Macron insisted on the need for raising the retirement age from 62 to 64 in order to make the French pension system financially sustainable in the coming years, in a letter to workers’ unions released Friday.

The move comes after more than a million demonstrators marched in cities and towns across France this week as train and metro drivers, refinery workers and others started open-ended strikes against the centrist government's plan.

Unions called for more protests on Saturday. They are demanding the withdrawal of the bill, which is being debated by the French Senate this week.

According to the letter provided by the president's office, Macron said he made the choice to “make the French work a little longer" because other options, which he rejected, would have involved “decreasing pensions, raising taxes or letting our children and grandchildren carry the financial burden.”

Union leader Francois Hommeril of the CFE-CGC, which represents workers in the energy sector, among others, said Friday that Macron’s letter appeared to be another “missed opportunity” for the president to pursue reforms while listening to concerned workers.

The president “acts as if the social movement did not exist,” French broadcaster BFM TV quoted Hommeril as saying. He added: “I am very disappointed and worried about (Macron's) response.”

Opinion polls consistently show a majority of the French oppose the change. Left-wing lawmakers argue companies and the wealthy should pitch in more to finance the pension system.

Macron also recalled the measure was a key promise from his presidential campaign last year, adding that he made a concession by agreeing to put the age limit at 64, down from 65 as initially planned.

“You strongly express your disagreement,” Macron wrote to the unions. “I don’t underestimate the discontent … as well as the anxiety expressed by many French people who have concerns about never getting any pension.”

Meanwhile, the government asked Friday for a special procedure to be implemented at the Senate to accelerate the debate by organizing one single vote on the whole bill, rather than voting on each amendment and article.

The government’s decision to apparently push the bill through the Senate will “deepen the anger” among French workers, said Fabrice Coudour, a leader of the influential union CGT Energy. He called on strikers and opponents of the retirement reform to take their grievances to the streets on Saturday.

The Senate, which is dominated by members of The Republicans party, is expected to approve the bill. Conservative senators have pushed for years to raise the minimum retirement age.

If the bill is approved by the Senate, it will continue making its way next week through France’s complex legislative process.

Macron’s centrist alliance has the most seats in the National Assembly but lost its majority in legislative elections last year, making the outcome of a vote in the lower house of parliament hard to predict.

On Friday, Macron did not rule out using a special constitutional power to force the bill through parliament without a vote, after the debate at the Senate is over.

“The parliament will follow the terms of our Constitution so that a legislative text can make its way through, no more, no less,” the president said during a news conference.

___

Follow AP's coverage of the French government at https://apnews.com/hub/france-governmentFrench President Emmanuel Macron has written to labor unions insisting on the need to raise the retirement age from 62 to 64 in order to make the French pension system financially sustainable in the coming years

PARIS -- French President Emmanuel Macron insisted on the need for raising the retirement age from 62 to 64 in order to make the French pension system financially sustainable in the coming years, in a letter to workers’ unions released Friday.

The move comes after more than a million demonstrators marched in cities and towns across France this week as train and metro drivers, refinery workers and others started open-ended strikes against the centrist government's plan.

Unions called for more protests on Saturday. They are demanding the withdrawal of the bill, which is being debated by the French Senate this week.

According to the letter provided by the president's office, Macron said he made the choice to “make the French work a little longer" because other options, which he rejected, would have involved “decreasing pensions, raising taxes or letting our children and grandchildren carry the financial burden.”

Union leader Francois Hommeril of the CFE-CGC, which represents workers in the energy sector, among others, said Friday that Macron’s letter appeared to be another “missed opportunity” for the president to pursue reforms while listening to concerned workers.

The president “acts as if the social movement did not exist,” French broadcaster BFM TV quoted Hommeril as saying. He added: “I am very disappointed and worried about (Macron's) response.”

Opinion polls consistently show a majority of the French oppose the change. Left-wing lawmakers argue companies and the wealthy should pitch in more to finance the pension system.

Macron also recalled the measure was a key promise from his presidential campaign last year, adding that he made a concession by agreeing to put the age limit at 64, down from 65 as initially planned.

“You strongly express your disagreement,” Macron wrote to the unions. “I don’t underestimate the discontent … as well as the anxiety expressed by many French people who have concerns about never getting any pension.”

Meanwhile, the government asked Friday for a special procedure to be implemented at the Senate to accelerate the debate by organizing one single vote on the whole bill, rather than voting on each amendment and article.

The government’s decision to apparently push the bill through the Senate will “deepen the anger” among French workers, said Fabrice Coudour, a leader of the influential union CGT Energy. He called on strikers and opponents of the retirement reform to take their grievances to the streets on Saturday.

The Senate, which is dominated by members of The Republicans party, is expected to approve the bill. Conservative senators have pushed for years to raise the minimum retirement age.

If the bill is approved by the Senate, it will continue making its way next week through France’s complex legislative process.

Macron’s centrist alliance has the most seats in the National Assembly but lost its majority in legislative elections last year, making the outcome of a vote in the lower house of parliament hard to predict.

On Friday, Macron did not rule out using a special constitutional power to force the bill through parliament without a vote, after the debate at the Senate is over.

“The parliament will follow the terms of our Constitution so that a legislative text can make its way through, no more, no less,” the president said during a news conference.

___

Follow AP's coverage of the French government at https://apnews.com/hub/france-governmentSenegal’s former prime minister was taken into custody after questioning the country’s president about funding a French politician during a recent visit

DAKAR, Senegal -- Senegal's former prime minister has been taken into custody after he publicly suggested that the country's president had funded a French politician during a recent visit.

Cheikh Haguibou Soumare was detained Thursday but he has not been told the charges against him, his lawyer Adama Gueye told a press conference Thursday.

The government is accusing the ex-prime minister of trying to discredit President Macky Sall by publishing an open letter that suggested Sall gave money to French right-wing politician Marine Le Pen. Le Pen, a member of France's National Rally party, ran for the French presidency and lost last year and visited the West African country in January.

In an open letter published in local media last week, Soumare, who was prime minister from 2007 to 2009, accused Sall of giving 12 million euro from a “poor country” to a French politician. “If by any chance all of this were true, please enlighten the Senegalese people as to whether you acted as president of the Republic of Senegal or as a leader of a political party and with what money,” said the letter.

Sall's government strongly criticized the letter.

“The (Senegal) government firmly rejects and condemns such cowardly and baseless insinuations, which clearly demonstrate an evil desire to discredit the person of the president of the republic, to undermine the institution that he embodies and to harm relations between Senegal and a foreign power,” said Abdou Karim Fofana the government spokesman in a statement this week.Saudi Arabia confirms it has reached an agreement with Iran to reestablish diplomatic relations, reopen embassies

Saudi Arabia confirms it has reached an agreement with Iran to reestablish diplomatic relations, reopen embassiesThe humble egg has become a star performer for all the wrong reasons as inflation has hit households across the European Union extremely hard over the year

BRUSSELS -- The humble egg has become a star performer for all the wrong reasons as inflation has hit households across the European Union extremely hard over the year.

The EU's statistical agency Eurostat announced Friday that the average price of an egg — that important staple for poor families and gourmet cooks alike — had risen by 30% over the year to January 2023, becoming a symbol of how the cost of living has hit everyone in the 27-nation bloc.

Even if the latest inflation figures show that annual inflation in the 20-nation eurozone has started to decline to 8.5% in February, the sector of food, alcohol and tobacco continued to rise and stood at 15%.

And then, eggs outperform just about all. Two years ago, egg inflation still stood at a lean 1%, rising to 7% the year after before reaching 30% in February.

Egg prices were whipped up the most in the Czech Republic, rising 85% over the year, followed closely by two other central European nations — Hungary (80%) and Slovakia (79%). Germany and Luxembourg stood at the other end, with both experiencing a relatively lower increase of 18%.

In the United States, egg prices have surged over the past year because of the ongoing bird flu outbreak and the highest inflation in decades. The national average retail price of a dozen eggs hit $4.25 in December, up from $1.79 a year earlier, according to the latest government data.The humble egg has become a star performer for all the wrong reasons as inflation has hit households across the European Union extremely hard over the year

BRUSSELS -- The humble egg has become a star performer for all the wrong reasons as inflation has hit households across the European Union extremely hard over the year.

The EU's statistical agency Eurostat announced Friday that the average price of an egg — that important staple for poor families and gourmet cooks alike — had risen by 30% over the year to January 2023, becoming a symbol of how the cost of living has hit everyone in the 27-nation bloc.

Even if the latest inflation figures show that annual inflation in the 20-nation eurozone has started to decline to 8.5% in February, the sector of food, alcohol and tobacco continued to rise and stood at 15%.

And then, eggs outperform just about all. Two years ago, egg inflation still stood at a lean 1%, rising to 7% the year after before reaching 30% in February.

Egg prices were whipped up the most in the Czech Republic, rising 85% over the year, followed closely by two other central European nations — Hungary (80%) and Slovakia (79%). Germany and Luxembourg stood at the other end, with both experiencing a relatively lower increase of 18%.

In the United States, egg prices have surged over the past year because of the ongoing bird flu outbreak and the highest inflation in decades. The national average retail price of a dozen eggs hit $4.25 in December, up from $1.79 a year earlier, according to the latest government data.Iran and Saudi Arabia have agreed to reestablish diplomatic relations and reopen embassies after years of tensions

DUBAI, United Arab Emirates -- Iran and Saudi Arabia agreed Friday to reestablish diplomatic relations and reopen embassies after seven years of tensions. The major diplomatic breakthrough negotiated with China lowers the chance of armed conflict between the Mideast rivals — both directly and in proxy conflicts around the region.

The deal, struck in Beijing this week amid its ceremonial National People’s Congress, represents a major diplomatic victory for the Chinese as Gulf Arab states perceive the United States slowly withdrawing from the wider Middle East. It also comes as diplomats have been trying to end a long war in Yemen, a conflict in which both Iran and Saudi Arabia are deeply entrenched.

The two countries released a joint communique on the deal with China, which brokered the agreement as President Xi Jinping was awarded a third five-year term as leader earlier Friday.

Xi, whose administration in recent days has relaunched a campaign to challenge the U.S.-led Western liberal order with warnings of “conflict and confrontation,” was credited in a trilateral statement with facilitating the talks through a “noble initiative” and having personally agreed to sponsor the negotiations that lasted from Monday through Friday.

Videos showed Ali Shamkhani, the secretary of Iran’s Supreme National Security Council, meeting with Saudi national security adviser Musaad bin Mohammed al-Aiban and Wang Yi, China's most senior diplomat.

The statement calls for reestablishing ties and reopening embassies to happen “within a maximum period of two months.” A meeting by their foreign ministers is also planned.

In the video, Wang could be heard offering “wholehearted congratulations” on the two countries' “wisdom."

“Both sides have displayed sincerity,” he said. “China fully supports this agreement.”

The United Nations welcomed the Saudi-Iranian rapprochement and thanked China for its role. “Good neighborly relations between Iran and Saudi Arabia are essential for the stability of the Gulf region,” U.N. spokesperson Stéphane Dujarric said at U.N. headquarters.

The U.S. also welcomed “any efforts to help end the war in Yemen and de-escalate tensions in the Middle East region,” White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said. However, the State Department offered a word of caution about an agreement in which America seems to have played no part: “Of course, it remains to be seen whether the Iranian regime will honor their side of the deal.”

China, which last month hosted Iran's hard-line President Ebrahim Raisi, is a top purchaser of Saudi oil. Xi visited Riyadh in December for meetings with oil-rich Gulf Arab nations crucial to China’s energy supplies. However, it doesn't provide the same military protections for Gulf Arab states as America, making Beijing's involvement that much more notable.

Iran's state-run IRNA news agency quoted Shamkhani as calling the talks "clear, transparent, comprehensive and constructive.”

“Removing misunderstandings and the future-oriented views in relations between Tehran and Riyadh will definitely lead to improving regional stability and security, as well as increasing cooperation among Persian Gulf nations and the world of Islam for managing current challenges,” Shamkhani said.

Al-Aiban thanked Iraq and Oman for mediating between Iran and the kingdom, according to his remarks carried by the state-run Saudi Press Agency.

“While we value what we have reached, we hope that we will continue to continue the constructive dialogue,” the Saudi official said.

Tensions long have been high between Iran and Saudi Arabia. The kingdom broke ties with Iran in 2016 after protesters invaded Saudi diplomatic posts there. Saudi Arabia had executed a prominent Shiite cleric with 46 others days earlier, triggering the demonstrations.

That came as Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, then a deputy, began his rise to power. The son of King Salman, Prince Mohammed previously compared Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei to Nazi Germany's Adolf Hitler, and threatened to strike Iran.

Since then, the U.S. unilaterally withdrew from Iran's nuclear deal with world powers in 2018. Iran has been blamed for a series of attacks after that, including one targeting the heart of Saudi Arabia's oil industry in 2019, temporarily halving the kingdom's crude production.

Though Yemen's Iranian-backed Houthi rebels initially claimed the attack, Western nations and experts blamed Tehran. Iran denied it and also denied carrying out other assaults later attributed to the Islamic Republic.

Religion also plays a key role in their relations. Saudi Arabia, home to the cube-shaped Kaaba that Muslims pray toward five times a day, has portrayed itself as the world’s leading Sunni nation. Iran’s theocracy, meanwhile, views itself as the protector of Islam’s Shiite minority.

The two powerhouses have competing interests elsewhere, such as in the turmoil in Lebanon and in the rebuilding of Iraq following the U.S.-led 2003 invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein.

The leader of the Iranian-backed Lebanese militia and political group Hezbollah, Hassan Nasrallah, said the agreement could "open new horizons” in Lebanon, Syria and Yemen. Iraq, Oman and the United Arab Emirates also praised the accord.

Kristian Coates Ulrichsen, a research fellow at Rice University’s Baker Institute who long has studied the region, said Saudi Arabia reaching the deal with Iran came after the United Arab Emirates reached a similar understanding with Tehran.

“This dialing down of tensions and de-escalation has been underway for three years and this was triggered by Saudi acknowledgement in their view that without unconditional U.S. backing they were unable to project power vis-a-vis Iran and the rest of the region,” he said.

Prince Mohammed, focused on massive construction projects at home, likely wants to pull out of the Yemen war as well, Ulrichsen added.

“Instability could do a lot of damage to his plans,” he said.

The Houthis seized Yemen’s capital, Sanaa, in 2014 and forced the internationally recognized government into exile in Saudi Arabia. A Saudi-led coalition armed with U.S. weaponry and intelligence entered the war on the side of Yemen’s exiled government in 2015. Years of inconclusive fighting created a humanitarian disaster and pushed the Arab world’s poorest nation to the brink of famine.

A six-month cease-fire, the longest of the Yemen conflict, expired in October.

Negotiations have been ongoing recently, including in Oman, a longtime interlocutor between Iran and the U.S. Some have hoped for an agreement ahead of the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan, which begins later in March. Iran and Saudi Arabia have held intermittent talks in recent years but it wasn't clear if Yemen was the impetus for this new detente.

Yemeni rebel spokesman Mohamed Abdulsalam appeared to welcome the deal in a statement that also slammed the U.S. and Israel. "The region needs the return of normal relations between its countries, through which the Islamic society can regain its lost security as a result of the foreign interventions, led by the Zionists and Americans,″ he said.

For Israel, which has wanted to normalize relations with Saudi Arabia despite the Palestinians remaining without a state of their own, Riyadh easing tensions with Iran could complicate its own regional calculations.

The government of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu offered no immediate comment Friday. Netanyahu, under pressure politically at home, has threatened military action against Iran's nuclear program as it enriches closer than ever to weapons-grade levels. Riyadh seeking peace with Tehran takes one potential ally for a strike off the table.

It was unclear what this development meant for Washington. Though long viewed as guaranteeing Mideast energy security, regional leaders have grown increasingly wary of U.S. intentions after its chaotic 2021 withdrawal from Afghanistan.

But the White House bristled at the notion a Saudi-Iran agreement in Beijing suggests a rise of Chinese influence in the Mideast. “I would stridently push back on this idea that we’re stepping back in the Middle East — far from it,” National Security Council spokesman John Kirby said.

Mark Dubowitz, head of the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies, which opposes the Iran nuclear deal, said renewed Iran-Saudi ties via Chinese mediation "is a lose, lose, lose for American interests,” noting: “Beijing adores a vacuum.”

But Trita Parsi of the Quincy Institute, which advocates engagement with Iran and supports the nuclear deal, called it “good news for the Middle East, since Saudi-Iranian tensions have been a driver of instability.” He added that “China has emerged as a player that can resolve disputes rather than merely sell weapons to the conflicting parties,” noting a more stable Middle East also benefits the U.S.

___

Associated Press writers Nasser Karimi in Tehran, Iran, Jack Jeffery in Cairo, Aamer Mahdani, Darlene Superville and Matthew Lee in Washington, Jennifer Peltz in New York and Bassem Mroue and Abby Sewell in Beirut contributed.Iran and Saudi Arabia have agreed to reestablish diplomatic relations and reopen embassies after years of tensions

DUBAI, United Arab Emirates -- Iran and Saudi Arabia agreed Friday to reestablish diplomatic relations and reopen embassies after seven years of tensions. The major diplomatic breakthrough negotiated with China lowers the chance of armed conflict between the Mideast rivals — both directly and in proxy conflicts around the region.

The deal, struck in Beijing this week amid its ceremonial National People’s Congress, represents a major diplomatic victory for the Chinese as Gulf Arab states perceive the United States slowly withdrawing from the wider Middle East. It also comes as diplomats have been trying to end a long war in Yemen, a conflict in which both Iran and Saudi Arabia are deeply entrenched.

The two countries released a joint communique on the deal with China, which brokered the agreement as President Xi Jinping was awarded a third five-year term as leader earlier Friday.

Xi, whose administration in recent days has relaunched a campaign to challenge the U.S.-led Western liberal order with warnings of “conflict and confrontation,” was credited in a trilateral statement with facilitating the talks through a “noble initiative” and having personally agreed to sponsor the negotiations that lasted from Monday through Friday.

Videos showed Ali Shamkhani, the secretary of Iran’s Supreme National Security Council, meeting with Saudi national security adviser Musaad bin Mohammed al-Aiban and Wang Yi, China's most senior diplomat.

The statement calls for reestablishing ties and reopening embassies to happen “within a maximum period of two months.” A meeting by their foreign ministers is also planned.

In the video, Wang could be heard offering “wholehearted congratulations” on the two countries' “wisdom."

“Both sides have displayed sincerity,” he said. “China fully supports this agreement.”

The United Nations welcomed the Saudi-Iranian rapprochement and thanked China for its role. “Good neighborly relations between Iran and Saudi Arabia are essential for the stability of the Gulf region,” U.N. spokesperson Stéphane Dujarric said at U.N. headquarters.

The U.S. also welcomed “any efforts to help end the war in Yemen and de-escalate tensions in the Middle East region,” White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said. However, the State Department offered a word of caution about an agreement in which America seems to have played no part: “Of course, it remains to be seen whether the Iranian regime will honor their side of the deal.”

China, which last month hosted Iran's hard-line President Ebrahim Raisi, is a top purchaser of Saudi oil. Xi visited Riyadh in December for meetings with oil-rich Gulf Arab nations crucial to China’s energy supplies. However, it doesn't provide the same military protections for Gulf Arab states as America, making Beijing's involvement that much more notable.

Iran's state-run IRNA news agency quoted Shamkhani as calling the talks "clear, transparent, comprehensive and constructive.”

“Removing misunderstandings and the future-oriented views in relations between Tehran and Riyadh will definitely lead to improving regional stability and security, as well as increasing cooperation among Persian Gulf nations and the world of Islam for managing current challenges,” Shamkhani said.

Al-Aiban thanked Iraq and Oman for mediating between Iran and the kingdom, according to his remarks carried by the state-run Saudi Press Agency.

“While we value what we have reached, we hope that we will continue to continue the constructive dialogue,” the Saudi official said.

Tensions long have been high between Iran and Saudi Arabia. The kingdom broke ties with Iran in 2016 after protesters invaded Saudi diplomatic posts there. Saudi Arabia had executed a prominent Shiite cleric with 46 others days earlier, triggering the demonstrations.

That came as Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, then a deputy, began his rise to power. The son of King Salman, Prince Mohammed previously compared Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei to Nazi Germany's Adolf Hitler, and threatened to strike Iran.

Since then, the U.S. unilaterally withdrew from Iran's nuclear deal with world powers in 2018. Iran has been blamed for a series of attacks after that, including one targeting the heart of Saudi Arabia's oil industry in 2019, temporarily halving the kingdom's crude production.

Though Yemen's Iranian-backed Houthi rebels initially claimed the attack, Western nations and experts blamed Tehran. Iran denied it and also denied carrying out other assaults later attributed to the Islamic Republic.

Religion also plays a key role in their relations. Saudi Arabia, home to the cube-shaped Kaaba that Muslims pray toward five times a day, has portrayed itself as the world’s leading Sunni nation. Iran’s theocracy, meanwhile, views itself as the protector of Islam’s Shiite minority.

The two powerhouses have competing interests elsewhere, such as in the turmoil in Lebanon and in the rebuilding of Iraq following the U.S.-led 2003 invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein.

The leader of the Iranian-backed Lebanese militia and political group Hezbollah, Hassan Nasrallah, said the agreement could "open new horizons” in Lebanon, Syria and Yemen. Iraq, Oman and the United Arab Emirates also praised the accord.

Kristian Coates Ulrichsen, a research fellow at Rice University’s Baker Institute who long has studied the region, said Saudi Arabia reaching the deal with Iran came after the United Arab Emirates reached a similar understanding with Tehran.

“This dialing down of tensions and de-escalation has been underway for three years and this was triggered by Saudi acknowledgement in their view that without unconditional U.S. backing they were unable to project power vis-a-vis Iran and the rest of the region,” he said.

Prince Mohammed, focused on massive construction projects at home, likely wants to pull out of the Yemen war as well, Ulrichsen added.

“Instability could do a lot of damage to his plans,” he said.

The Houthis seized Yemen’s capital, Sanaa, in 2014 and forced the internationally recognized government into exile in Saudi Arabia. A Saudi-led coalition armed with U.S. weaponry and intelligence entered the war on the side of Yemen’s exiled government in 2015. Years of inconclusive fighting created a humanitarian disaster and pushed the Arab world’s poorest nation to the brink of famine.

A six-month cease-fire, the longest of the Yemen conflict, expired in October.

Negotiations have been ongoing recently, including in Oman, a longtime interlocutor between Iran and the U.S. Some have hoped for an agreement ahead of the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan, which begins later in March. Iran and Saudi Arabia have held intermittent talks in recent years but it wasn't clear if Yemen was the impetus for this new detente.

Yemeni rebel spokesman Mohamed Abdulsalam appeared to welcome the deal in a statement that also slammed the U.S. and Israel. "The region needs the return of normal relations between its countries, through which the Islamic society can regain its lost security as a result of the foreign interventions, led by the Zionists and Americans,″ he said.

For Israel, which has wanted to normalize relations with Saudi Arabia despite the Palestinians remaining without a state of their own, Riyadh easing tensions with Iran could complicate its own regional calculations.

The government of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu offered no immediate comment Friday. Netanyahu, under pressure politically at home, has threatened military action against Iran's nuclear program as it enriches closer than ever to weapons-grade levels. Riyadh seeking peace with Tehran takes one potential ally for a strike off the table.

It was unclear what this development meant for Washington. Though long viewed as guaranteeing Mideast energy security, regional leaders have grown increasingly wary of U.S. intentions after its chaotic 2021 withdrawal from Afghanistan.

But the White House bristled at the notion a Saudi-Iran agreement in Beijing suggests a rise of Chinese influence in the Mideast. “I would stridently push back on this idea that we’re stepping back in the Middle East — far from it,” National Security Council spokesman John Kirby said.

Mark Dubowitz, head of the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies, which opposes the Iran nuclear deal, said renewed Iran-Saudi ties via Chinese mediation "is a lose, lose, lose for American interests,” noting: “Beijing adores a vacuum.”

But Trita Parsi of the Quincy Institute, which advocates engagement with Iran and supports the nuclear deal, called it “good news for the Middle East, since Saudi-Iranian tensions have been a driver of instability.” He added that “China has emerged as a player that can resolve disputes rather than merely sell weapons to the conflicting parties,” noting a more stable Middle East also benefits the U.S.

___

Associated Press writers Nasser Karimi in Tehran, Iran, Jack Jeffery in Cairo, Aamer Mahdani, Darlene Superville and Matthew Lee in Washington, Jennifer Peltz in New York and Bassem Mroue and Abby Sewell in Beirut contributed.Total pay for BP’s CEO more than doubled to $12 million last year

LONDON -- Total pay for BP's CEO more than doubled to $12 million last year, the energy giant said Friday, as soaring energy costs allowed oil and gas companies to rake in record profits while squeezing households and small businesses.

London-based BP's disclosure came a day after rival Shell reported a similar multimillion-dollar pay package for its top executive on the heels of both companies posting their highest-ever annual earnings last month.

BP said in its annual report that CEO Bernard Looney was paid a total of 10 million pounds ($12 million) in 2022, up from 4.5 million pounds the previous year. Looney's pay package includes a cash bonus of 2.4 million pounds and 6 million pounds in bonus company stock.

BP reported in February that its profit doubled to $28 billion as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine sent oil and gas prices soaring.

Fat profits at fossil fuel giants and big salaries for top executives have spurred demands for the companies to do more to shield consumers from high energy costs that have fueled decades-high inflation and ratcheted up utility bills.

Activist groups such as Global Witness and some opposition lawmakers in Britain have called for expanding taxes on the windfall profits of energy companies and taxing bonuses.

It's a “twisted irony” that a wealthy minority got even richer "precisely because bills have been so unaffordable for the majority,” said Jonathan Noronha-Gant, a senior campaigner at Global Witness.

Britain's Liberal Democrat party on Thursday called for a one-off “bonanza bonus” tax for energy company executives after Shell reported that then-CEO Ben van Beurden's pay package jumped by half in 2022, to nearly $12 million, thanks to a record $40 billion annual profit.

The proposed tax is similar to a levy on bankers' bonuses that the U.K. government imposed in 2009-10 amid the fallout of the global financial crisis.

“It is outrageous that oil and gas bosses are raking in millions in bonuses while families struggle to heat their homes," party leader Ed Davey said. “Whether it is executive bonuses or soaring profits, the money being made out of Putin’s illegal war should be helping struggling families not oil and gas barons.”

The BP committee that sets executive pay said it has “carefully sought to moderate outcomes” and its decisions “reflect a sensible approach.”Total pay for BP’s CEO more than doubled to $12 million last year

LONDON -- Total pay for BP's CEO more than doubled to $12 million last year, the energy giant said Friday, as soaring energy costs allowed oil and gas companies to rake in record profits while squeezing households and small businesses.

London-based BP's disclosure came a day after rival Shell reported a similar multimillion-dollar pay package for its top executive on the heels of both companies posting their highest-ever annual earnings last month.

BP said in its annual report that CEO Bernard Looney was paid a total of 10 million pounds ($12 million) in 2022, up from 4.5 million pounds the previous year. Looney's pay package includes a cash bonus of 2.4 million pounds and 6 million pounds in bonus company stock.

BP reported in February that its profit doubled to $28 billion as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine sent oil and gas prices soaring.

Fat profits at fossil fuel giants and big salaries for top executives have spurred demands for the companies to do more to shield consumers from high energy costs that have fueled decades-high inflation and ratcheted up utility bills.

Activist groups such as Global Witness and some opposition lawmakers in Britain have called for expanding taxes on the windfall profits of energy companies and taxing bonuses.

It's a “twisted irony” that a wealthy minority got even richer "precisely because bills have been so unaffordable for the majority,” said Jonathan Noronha-Gant, a senior campaigner at Global Witness.

Britain's Liberal Democrat party on Thursday called for a one-off “bonanza bonus” tax for energy company executives after Shell reported that then-CEO Ben van Beurden's pay package jumped by half in 2022, to nearly $12 million, thanks to a record $40 billion annual profit.

The proposed tax is similar to a levy on bankers' bonuses that the U.K. government imposed in 2009-10 amid the fallout of the global financial crisis.

“It is outrageous that oil and gas bosses are raking in millions in bonuses while families struggle to heat their homes," party leader Ed Davey said. “Whether it is executive bonuses or soaring profits, the money being made out of Putin’s illegal war should be helping struggling families not oil and gas barons.”

The BP committee that sets executive pay said it has “carefully sought to moderate outcomes” and its decisions “reflect a sensible approach.”Britain’s King Charles III has made his youngest brother the Duke of Edinburgh, passing on a title held by their late father, Prince Philip

LONDON -- King Charles III has made his youngest brother the Duke of Edinburgh, passing on a title held by their late father, Prince Philip.

Buckingham Palace said the title was conferred on Prince Edward on Friday, his 59th birthday.

Edward is the youngest of the four children of Philip and the late Queen Elizabeth II. His wife Sophie will now be known as the Duchess of Edinburgh, and their 15-year-old son James becomes Earl of Wessex, the title Edward previously held.

Prince Philip was made Duke of Edinburgh when he married the then Princess Elizabeth in 1947, and he held the title until his death in 2021 at the age of 99. It had been Philip’s wish that Edward should get the dukedom after he and the queen had both died. Elizabeth died in September at age 96.

One of Philip’s legacies is the Duke of Edinburgh awards, a popular youth activities program set up in 1956.

The palace said that “the new Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh are proud to continue Prince Philip’s legacy of promoting opportunities for young people of all backgrounds to reach their full potential.”

The announcement comes after another title change this week when Prince Harry and Meghan began officially using the titles Prince and Princess for their children Archie and Lilibet.Britain’s King Charles III has made his youngest brother the Duke of Edinburgh, passing on a title held by their late father, Prince Philip

LONDON -- King Charles III has made his youngest brother the Duke of Edinburgh, passing on a title held by their late father, Prince Philip.

Buckingham Palace said the title was conferred on Prince Edward on Friday, his 59th birthday.

Edward is the youngest of the four children of Philip and the late Queen Elizabeth II. His wife Sophie will now be known as the Duchess of Edinburgh, and their 15-year-old son James becomes Earl of Wessex, the title Edward previously held.

Prince Philip was made Duke of Edinburgh when he married the then Princess Elizabeth in 1947, and he held the title until his death in 2021 at the age of 99. It had been Philip’s wish that Edward should get the dukedom after he and the queen had both died. Elizabeth died in September at age 96.

One of Philip’s legacies is the Duke of Edinburgh awards, a popular youth activities program set up in 1956.

The palace said that “the new Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh are proud to continue Prince Philip’s legacy of promoting opportunities for young people of all backgrounds to reach their full potential.”

The announcement comes after another title change this week when Prince Harry and Meghan began officially using the titles Prince and Princess for their children Archie and Lilibet.WARSAW, Poland -- Poland’s lawmakers agreed to relax the rules for installing onshore wind turbines, a move encouraged by the European Union to promote renewable energy in the coal-reliant country.

Members of the Sejm, the lower house of Poland's parliament, voted 231-209 with two abstentions late Thursday to allow turbines to be erected no closer than 700 meters (766 yards) from houses. The current rule, which was introduced by the current government in 2016, requires a distance of at least 10 times a turbine's height.

With no locations meeting that requirement found, the height formula practically stalled wind energy development in Poland. The EU, which is holding up the nation's pandemic recovery funds over a number of legislative issues, had called on the government to come up with a less restrictive measurement.

Almost all of the lawmakers who voted in favor of the new rule were from parties in the governing coalition.

The conservative government that took office in 2015 halted development of wind farms, arguing that residents were concerned turbines would bring noise, ground vibrations and other discomforts.

By contrast, the government has supported solar energy and planned significant offshore wind farms in the Baltic Sea. It is also supporting through subsidies Poland's coal mining, a major employer in the southern Silesia region.

Climate and Environment Minister Anna Moskwa said on the new law “strengthens Poland's energy security” and “increases the power coming from renewable sources” while respecting the views of local communities.

The law, which still needs the approval of President Andrzej Duda to take effect, also gives residents more say in the location of turbines and a 10% share of the energy produced.

Critics said the bill approved Thursday still overly limits the number of potential locations and the amount of power Poland could derive from wind. They argued that renewable sources should be promoted as much as possible given soaring energy prices and to reduce the reliance on Russian energy.

In January, some 73% of Poland's energy came from black and brown coal, 15% came from wind energy, 9% from natural gas and 1.4 % from other renewable sources, according to rynekelektryczny.pl, a website dedicated to Poland's energy market. Poland also imported some energy.

Brussels expects Warsaw to create the conditions for wind energy growth, as well as to meet a number of other benchmarks, before the pandemic recovery funds worth billions of euros will be disbursed to the country.

Other key milestones include improving Poland's rule of law record and revising the rules for disciplining judges.WARSAW, Poland -- Poland’s lawmakers agreed to relax the rules for installing onshore wind turbines, a move encouraged by the European Union to promote renewable energy in the coal-reliant country.

Members of the Sejm, the lower house of Poland's parliament, voted 231-209 with two abstentions late Thursday to allow turbines to be erected no closer than 700 meters (766 yards) from houses. The current rule, which was introduced by the current government in 2016, requires a distance of at least 10 times a turbine's height.

With no locations meeting that requirement found, the height formula practically stalled wind energy development in Poland. The EU, which is holding up the nation's pandemic recovery funds over a number of legislative issues, had called on the government to come up with a less restrictive measurement.

Almost all of the lawmakers who voted in favor of the new rule were from parties in the governing coalition.

The conservative government that took office in 2015 halted development of wind farms, arguing that residents were concerned turbines would bring noise, ground vibrations and other discomforts.

By contrast, the government has supported solar energy and planned significant offshore wind farms in the Baltic Sea. It is also supporting through subsidies Poland's coal mining, a major employer in the southern Silesia region.

Climate and Environment Minister Anna Moskwa said on the new law “strengthens Poland's energy security” and “increases the power coming from renewable sources” while respecting the views of local communities.

The law, which still needs the approval of President Andrzej Duda to take effect, also gives residents more say in the location of turbines and a 10% share of the energy produced.

Critics said the bill approved Thursday still overly limits the number of potential locations and the amount of power Poland could derive from wind. They argued that renewable sources should be promoted as much as possible given soaring energy prices and to reduce the reliance on Russian energy.

In January, some 73% of Poland's energy came from black and brown coal, 15% came from wind energy, 9% from natural gas and 1.4 % from other renewable sources, according to rynekelektryczny.pl, a website dedicated to Poland's energy market. Poland also imported some energy.

Brussels expects Warsaw to create the conditions for wind energy growth, as well as to meet a number of other benchmarks, before the pandemic recovery funds worth billions of euros will be disbursed to the country.

Other key milestones include improving Poland's rule of law record and revising the rules for disciplining judges.Prosecutors say suspected Hamburg shooter was a former member of the Jehovah's Witnesses

Prosecutors say suspected Hamburg shooter was a former member of the Jehovah's WitnessesA U.S. free speech and literary organization has called on Egypt to release a well-known poet and songwriter who is on a hunger strike to protest his five-year incarceration

CAIRO -- A U.S. free speech and literary organization has called on Egypt to release a well-known poet and songwriter who is on a hunger strike to protest his five-year incarceration.

PEN America demanded Thursday that Egyptian authorities release Galal al-Behairy, who was first detained in March of 2018 and later handed a three-year sentence for spreading false news and insulting Egypt's military.

In a leaked letter that coincided with the fifth anniversary of his arrest, al-Behairy said he would refuse food and medication until he secured his freedom. An Egyptian government media officer did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the call for the hunger striker to be released.

Al-Behairy wrote the lyrics to the hit Egyptian pop song, “Balaha,” sung by exiled pop star Ramy Essam. The poet was arrested a month after its release.

‘’I committed one crime, which is poetry,″ al-Behairy wrote in his letter, published across social media. "The strike will continue until I regain my freedom, alive or not.″

The announcement comes a few months after a well-known imprisoned dissident, Alaa Abdel-Fattah, escalated his hunger strike, an action that overshadowed the World Climate Summit last November, hosted by Egypt.

As the summit known as COP27 opened, Abdel-Fattah intensified his monthslong, partial hunger strike to stop all food and water in an effort to draw attention to his case and others. As concerns for his fate mounted, he ended his strike. Abdel-Fattah remains in prison.

‘’Galal’s treatment is emblematic of the Egyptian regime’s disdain for artists and its campaign to crack down on artistic freedom and eradicate expression that they do not agree with,'' said Justin Shilad, Middle East and North Africa researcher with PEN America.

The New York City-based organization also called for the release of all other detained Egyptian activists, writers and artists.

Egypt’s government has in recent years jailed thousands of people, mainly Islamists, but also secular activists. Many of those behind bars were involved in the 2011 Arab Spring uprising that toppled the country’s longtime autocratic President Hosni Mubarak.Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has formally set the country’s parliamentary and presidential elections for May 14

ANKARA, Turkey -- Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Friday formally set the country’s parliamentary and presidential elections for May 14 — a month earlier than scheduled despite the devastating Feb. 6 earthquake that killed some 50,000 people in Turkey and Syria.

The elections could be the country’s most significant ones in decades. Erdogan is seeking to extend his two decades in power, and the voting will determine whether Turkey continues on the increasingly authoritarian course set by the strongman politician.

Erdogan has ruled over Turkey since 2003, first as prime minister and as president since 2014. The upcoming elections could present him with his stiffest electoral challenges.

Turkey is struggling with a troubled economy, soaring inflation and the aftermath of the Feb. 6 earthquake, which left hundreds of thousands of people across 11 Turkish provinces sheltering in tents or temporary accommodation.

Erdogan on Friday raised his country's death toll from the earthquake to more than 47,000.

Many have criticized his government’s response to the earthquake and accuse it of failing to prepare the earthquake-prone country for a disaster in waiting.

Experts have pointed at lax enforcement of building codes as a major reason why the earthquake was so deadly.

Earlier this week, Turkey’s disparate opposition parties, including nationalists, Islamists and conservatives, ended month of uncertainty that had frustrated supporters of the anti-Erdogan bloc and nominated a joint candidate to run against Erdogan.

The six opposition parties, which have pledged to roll back the erosion of rights and freedoms, united behind Kemal Kilicdaroglu, the 74-year-old leader of the center-left, secularist Republican People’s Party, or CHP.

"May our decision to renew the elections be beneficial for our country, our nation, the Turkish Grand National Assembly and our political parties," Erdogan said after putting his signature on a decision confirming the election date, which was then published in the Official Gazette.

The Supreme Electoral Council will now determine the electoral calendar. A runoff presidential election would be held on May 28 if none of the candidates secure more than 50% of the vote.

The presidential and parliamentary elections were scheduled to be held on June 18, but the government moved them forward to avoid coinciding with the Hajj pilgrimage, a university entrance exam and the start of the summer vacation season.

Erdogan has signaled that he will base his electoral campaign on the reconstruction of the earthquake-devastated provinces, trying to convince voters that only his government — which was behind a construction boom that helped drive economic growth — can rebuild lives.

“We are starting the election calendar even as we are focusing all of our attention on healing the wounds caused by the earthquake, rebuilding and restoring our cities and ensuring that our people obtain homes as soon as possible,” Erdogan said.

“We need to implement a program that will heal the wounds of an unprecedented destruction in an unprecedented speed,” he said. “The only way to overcome the direct and indirect effects of the earthquake and normalize the situation in the region and our country as soon as possible is through the implementation of decisions by a strong political will.”

The Turkish leader has conceded shortfalls in his government’s response in the early stages of earthquake, but said that rescue efforts were hampered by winter weather and the destruction of infrastructure. He has promised to rebuild tens of thousands of homes within the year.

The six-party opposition, known as the Nation Alliance, has vowed to restore a parliamentary democracy in Turkey should they dislodge Erdogan, abolishing the presidential system that he introduced. Opponents say the system, which was narrowly approved in a 2017 referendum and was installed following elections in 2018, has amounted to “one-man rule” without checks and balances.

In addition to Kilicdaroglu’s CHP, the opposition alliance is made of Meral Aksener’s nationalist Good Party; Temel Karamollaoglu’s conservative Felicity Party; Gultekin Uysal’s Democrat Party; The Democracy and Progress Party led by Ali Babacan; and Future Party chaired by Ahmet Davutoglu.

Turkey’s second-largest opposition party, the pro-Kurdish Peoples’ Democratic Party, has signaled it is prepared to talk to the opposition alliance about extending its support to Kilicdaroglu.Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has formally set the country’s parliamentary and presidential elections for May 14

ANKARA, Turkey -- Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Friday formally set the country’s parliamentary and presidential elections for May 14 — a month earlier than scheduled despite the devastating Feb. 6 earthquake that killed some 50,000 people in Turkey and Syria.

The elections could be the country’s most significant ones in decades. Erdogan is seeking to extend his two decades in power, and the voting will determine whether Turkey continues on the increasingly authoritarian course set by the strongman politician.

Erdogan has ruled over Turkey since 2003, first as prime minister and as president since 2014. The upcoming elections could present him with his stiffest electoral challenges.

Turkey is struggling with a troubled economy, soaring inflation and the aftermath of the Feb. 6 earthquake, which left hundreds of thousands of people across 11 Turkish provinces sheltering in tents or temporary accommodation.

Erdogan on Friday raised his country's death toll from the earthquake to more than 47,000.

Many have criticized his government’s response to the earthquake and accuse it of failing to prepare the earthquake-prone country for a disaster in waiting.

Experts have pointed at lax enforcement of building codes as a major reason why the earthquake was so deadly.

Earlier this week, Turkey’s disparate opposition parties, including nationalists, Islamists and conservatives, ended month of uncertainty that had frustrated supporters of the anti-Erdogan bloc and nominated a joint candidate to run against Erdogan.

The six opposition parties, which have pledged to roll back the erosion of rights and freedoms, united behind Kemal Kilicdaroglu, the 74-year-old leader of the center-left, secularist Republican People’s Party, or CHP.

"May our decision to renew the elections be beneficial for our country, our nation, the Turkish Grand National Assembly and our political parties," Erdogan said after putting his signature on a decision confirming the election date, which was then published in the Official Gazette.

The Supreme Electoral Council will now determine the electoral calendar. A runoff presidential election would be held on May 28 if none of the candidates secure more than 50% of the vote.

The presidential and parliamentary elections were scheduled to be held on June 18, but the government moved them forward to avoid coinciding with the Hajj pilgrimage, a university entrance exam and the start of the summer vacation season.

Erdogan has signaled that he will base his electoral campaign on the reconstruction of the earthquake-devastated provinces, trying to convince voters that only his government — which was behind a construction boom that helped drive economic growth — can rebuild lives.

“We are starting the election calendar even as we are focusing all of our attention on healing the wounds caused by the earthquake, rebuilding and restoring our cities and ensuring that our people obtain homes as soon as possible,” Erdogan said.

“We need to implement a program that will heal the wounds of an unprecedented destruction in an unprecedented speed,” he said. “The only way to overcome the direct and indirect effects of the earthquake and normalize the situation in the region and our country as soon as possible is through the implementation of decisions by a strong political will.”

The Turkish leader has conceded shortfalls in his government’s response in the early stages of earthquake, but said that rescue efforts were hampered by winter weather and the destruction of infrastructure. He has promised to rebuild tens of thousands of homes within the year.

The six-party opposition, known as the Nation Alliance, has vowed to restore a parliamentary democracy in Turkey should they dislodge Erdogan, abolishing the presidential system that he introduced. Opponents say the system, which was narrowly approved in a 2017 referendum and was installed following elections in 2018, has amounted to “one-man rule” without checks and balances.

In addition to Kilicdaroglu’s CHP, the opposition alliance is made of Meral Aksener’s nationalist Good Party; Temel Karamollaoglu’s conservative Felicity Party; Gultekin Uysal’s Democrat Party; The Democracy and Progress Party led by Ali Babacan; and Future Party chaired by Ahmet Davutoglu.

Turkey’s second-largest opposition party, the pro-Kurdish Peoples’ Democratic Party, has signaled it is prepared to talk to the opposition alliance about extending its support to Kilicdaroglu.Skyscrapers in Beijing have disappeared into the haze and air quality plummeted as China’s capital is enveloped in a dust storm and heavy pollution

BEIJING -- Skyscrapers in Beijing disappeared into the haze and air quality plummeted as China’s capital was enveloped in a dust storm and heavy pollution on Friday.

Concentrations of the tiny PM2.5 particles that can reach deep into the lungs and bloodstream entered a dangerous range on air quality monitoring sites, with the IQAir website showing an air quality index of 1,093, a “hazardous” level, many times higher than what are considered “unhealthy” levels.

Beijing was formerly notorious for its terrible air quality, but conditions had much improved in recent years as authorities took heavily polluting vehicles off the roads and moved coal-fired power plants and heavy industry to the surrounding provinces.

The capital also used to be known for regular springtime dust and sandstorms caused by winds blowing in from the loess hills along the upper sections of the Yellow River to the west. Anti-desertification efforts have helped reduce both the frequency and intensity of the storms that had often turned the surrounding air a cataclysmic yellowish-red.

Air quality also improved markedly after 2000, when much of China's industry was shuttered under lockdowns and quarantines mandated by China's strict “zero-COVID” policy.

In the face of a sluggish economy, China has been promoting coal-fired power, setting back efforts to cut climate-changing carbon emissions from the biggest global source.

China is one of the biggest investors in wind and solar, but jittery leaders called for more coal-fired power after economic growth plunged in 2021 and shortages caused blackouts and factory shutdowns. Russia’s attack on Ukraine added to anxiety that foreign oil and coal supplies might be disrupted.

China is the top producer and consumer of coal and the biggest source of air pollution and climate changing gasses.

The ruling Communist Party has rejected binding emissions commitments, citing its economic development needs, and Beijing has avoided joining governments that promised to phase out use of coal-fired power.Skyscrapers in Beijing have disappeared into the haze and air quality plummeted as China’s capital is enveloped in a dust storm and heavy pollution

BEIJING -- Skyscrapers in Beijing disappeared into the haze and air quality plummeted as China’s capital was enveloped in a dust storm and heavy pollution on Friday.

Concentrations of the tiny PM2.5 particles that can reach deep into the lungs and bloodstream entered a dangerous range on air quality monitoring sites, with the IQAir website showing an air quality index of 1,093, a “hazardous” level, many times higher than what are considered “unhealthy” levels.

Beijing was formerly notorious for its terrible air quality, but conditions had much improved in recent years as authorities took heavily polluting vehicles off the roads and moved coal-fired power plants and heavy industry to the surrounding provinces.

The capital also used to be known for regular springtime dust and sandstorms caused by winds blowing in from the loess hills along the upper sections of the Yellow River to the west. Anti-desertification efforts have helped reduce both the frequency and intensity of the storms that had often turned the surrounding air a cataclysmic yellowish-red.

Air quality also improved markedly after 2000, when much of China's industry was shuttered under lockdowns and quarantines mandated by China's strict “zero-COVID” policy.

In the face of a sluggish economy, China has been promoting coal-fired power, setting back efforts to cut climate-changing carbon emissions from the biggest global source.

China is one of the biggest investors in wind and solar, but jittery leaders called for more coal-fired power after economic growth plunged in 2021 and shortages caused blackouts and factory shutdowns. Russia’s attack on Ukraine added to anxiety that foreign oil and coal supplies might be disrupted.

China is the top producer and consumer of coal and the biggest source of air pollution and climate changing gasses.

The ruling Communist Party has rejected binding emissions commitments, citing its economic development needs, and Beijing has avoided joining governments that promised to phase out use of coal-fired power.Turkey's Presiden Erdogan, seeking to extend his 2 decades in power, sets elections for May 14

Turkey's Presiden Erdogan, seeking to extend his 2 decades in power, sets elections for May 14As extremist violence in West Africa’s Sahel region spreads south toward coastal states, the United States military has launched its annual military training exercise which will help armies contain the jihadi threat

DAKAR, Senegal -- As extremist violence in West Africa’s Sahel region spreads south toward coastal states, the United States military has launched its annual military training exercise aimed at helping armies contain the jihadi threat.

Soldiers from several African countries are being trained in counter-insurgency tactics as part of the annual U.S.-led exercise known as Flintlock, that began this week.

Some 1,300 military personnel from 29 countries are training in Ghana and Ivory Coast, amid surging jihadi violence linked to al-Qaida and the Islamic State group that's killed thousands, displaced millions and plunged countries into crises.

While most of the extremist activity is concentrated in West Africa's inland Sahel region in Mali, Burkina Faso and Niger, the violence is rapidly spreading to coastal states like Ghana, which is experiencing an upsurge in attacks by unidentified groups, which could have links to jihadis. Northern Ghana had just one violent incident connected to an unidentified armed group in 2021 but that figure rose dramatically to 19 in 2022, according to the Armed Conflict Location & Event Data Project.

This year’s U.S. Flintlock, a two-week event, is taking place amid growing anti-French sentiment in West Africa. Mali and Burkina Faso have ended their military cooperation with France, complaining that the French military presence over several years has done little to stem the growth of Jihadi violence. The military juntas ruling Mali and Burkina Faso are now getting military support from Russia, and Mali is also working with the private mercenary outfit, the Wagner Group.

The U.S. says it wants to help African countries stem the extremist threat before it spreads further across the the region.

“If the instability gets too broad or too bad then it opens the aperture for other malign actors to try and influence and try and corrupt the messaging to gain access to some of these governments,” said U.S. Col. Rob Zyla, deputy commander for Special Operations Command Africa.

While the U.S. isn't expanding the number of its soldiers in West Africa, U.S special operations forces will continue to conduct joint trainings with partners based on their needs and requests, he said.

For the first time at Flintlock there is a site dedicated to maritime training where military forces practice search and seizure and other tactics, in order to stave off the growing threat of piracy in the Gulf of Guinea.

Ghanaian military officials say they worry jihadis will soon work with the pirates to make the waters unsafe which would limit economic activity for the coastal countries.

“We already know that they have intent to link up with piracy and enhance operations," said Col. William Nortey with the Ghanaian army. "That would be a game changer for the littoral (coastal) states so we need to prevent this at all costs,” he said.

As the extremist violence spreads south, Ghana is investing money to beef up security along its border, buying more than 100 armored personnel carriers, among other equipment, President Nana Akufo-Addo said in his State of the Nation address this week.

“The reality of the state of affairs in our neighborhood demands that the government goes to great lengths to ensure the security, safety and stability of our nation,” he said. Ghana is also part of the Accra Initiative, a military platform involving Burkina Faso and nearby coastal countries to battle the further spread of extremism in the Sahel.

The spread of extremist violence across the Sahel region shows that more than a military solution is needed to prevent the insurgency from infecting the coastal area, regional experts say.

Widespread poverty, high inflation and the shortage of jobs for young men provide favorable conditions for jihadi recruitment, said Rukmini Sanyal, a Ghana analyst for the Economist Intelligence Unit.

“A worrying example is the ongoing conflict (over chieftaincy) between the Mamprusi and Kusasi ethnic groups in the Bawku region, in northern Ghana, wherein widespread dissatisfaction could create space for militant infiltration,” she said. “(The) government needs to adopt a multi-pronged approach focused on building community resilience alongside more traditional security approaches,” she said.

____

Associated Press reporters Modestus Eloame Zame and Francis Kokutse in Accra, Ghana contributed.As extremist violence in West Africa’s Sahel region spreads south toward coastal states, the United States military has launched its annual military training exercise which will help armies contain the jihadi threat

DAKAR, Senegal -- As extremist violence in West Africa’s Sahel region spreads south toward coastal states, the United States military has launched its annual military training exercise aimed at helping armies contain the jihadi threat.

Soldiers from several African countries are being trained in counter-insurgency tactics as part of the annual U.S.-led exercise known as Flintlock, that began this week.

Some 1,300 military personnel from 29 countries are training in Ghana and Ivory Coast, amid surging jihadi violence linked to al-Qaida and the Islamic State group that's killed thousands, displaced millions and plunged countries into crises.

While most of the extremist activity is concentrated in West Africa's inland Sahel region in Mali, Burkina Faso and Niger, the violence is rapidly spreading to coastal states like Ghana, which is experiencing an upsurge in attacks by unidentified groups, which could have links to jihadis. Northern Ghana had just one violent incident connected to an unidentified armed group in 2021 but that figure rose dramatically to 19 in 2022, according to the Armed Conflict Location & Event Data Project.

This year’s U.S. Flintlock, a two-week event, is taking place amid growing anti-French sentiment in West Africa. Mali and Burkina Faso have ended their military cooperation with France, complaining that the French military presence over several years has done little to stem the growth of Jihadi violence. The military juntas ruling Mali and Burkina Faso are now getting military support from Russia, and Mali is also working with the private mercenary outfit, the Wagner Group.

The U.S. says it wants to help African countries stem the extremist threat before it spreads further across the the region.

“If the instability gets too broad or too bad then it opens the aperture for other malign actors to try and influence and try and corrupt the messaging to gain access to some of these governments,” said U.S. Col. Rob Zyla, deputy commander for Special Operations Command Africa.

While the U.S. isn't expanding the number of its soldiers in West Africa, U.S special operations forces will continue to conduct joint trainings with partners based on their needs and requests, he said.

For the first time at Flintlock there is a site dedicated to maritime training where military forces practice search and seizure and other tactics, in order to stave off the growing threat of piracy in the Gulf of Guinea.

Ghanaian military officials say they worry jihadis will soon work with the pirates to make the waters unsafe which would limit economic activity for the coastal countries.

“We already know that they have intent to link up with piracy and enhance operations," said Col. William Nortey with the Ghanaian army. "That would be a game changer for the littoral (coastal) states so we need to prevent this at all costs,” he said.

As the extremist violence spreads south, Ghana is investing money to beef up security along its border, buying more than 100 armored personnel carriers, among other equipment, President Nana Akufo-Addo said in his State of the Nation address this week.

“The reality of the state of affairs in our neighborhood demands that the government goes to great lengths to ensure the security, safety and stability of our nation,” he said. Ghana is also part of the Accra Initiative, a military platform involving Burkina Faso and nearby coastal countries to battle the further spread of extremism in the Sahel.

The spread of extremist violence across the Sahel region shows that more than a military solution is needed to prevent the insurgency from infecting the coastal area, regional experts say.

Widespread poverty, high inflation and the shortage of jobs for young men provide favorable conditions for jihadi recruitment, said Rukmini Sanyal, a Ghana analyst for the Economist Intelligence Unit.

“A worrying example is the ongoing conflict (over chieftaincy) between the Mamprusi and Kusasi ethnic groups in the Bawku region, in northern Ghana, wherein widespread dissatisfaction could create space for militant infiltration,” she said. “(The) government needs to adopt a multi-pronged approach focused on building community resilience alongside more traditional security approaches,” she said.

____

Associated Press reporters Modestus Eloame Zame and Francis Kokutse in Accra, Ghana contributed.The head of Syria's civil aviation says flights at the international airport in Aleppo have resumed, three days after it was put out of service by a suspected Israeli airstrike

DAMASCUS, Syria -- Flights at Syria’s international airport in Aleppo resumed Friday, three days after it was put out of service by a suspected Israeli airstrike, the country’s head of civil aviation said.

Bassem Mansour told the pro-government Sham FM radio station that flights to and from the airport of Syria’s largest city resumed Friday morning after repairs were completed.

The suspected Israeli airstrike early Tuesday left multiple craters on the airport runway, satellite images analyzed by The Associated Press showed Thursday.

Since the Feb. 6 earthquake that hit Turkey and Syria killing more than 50,000 people, including over 6,000 in Syria, the airport has been a main entry point for jets carrying aid into the war-ton country. Authorities said after the strike that relief flights had been diverted to airports in Damascus and Latakia.

The attack on Aleppo airport comes after Israel struck the airfield as part of an Israeli campaign to disrupt Iranian weapons transfers into Syria for Iran-backed groups — including Lebanon's Hezbollah. Those attacks have continued despite ongoing political turmoil in Israel and as Iran’s nuclear program edges closer to enriching weapons-grade levels of uranium. Negotiations to limit Iran's nuclear capability have fallen apart.

Israel has carried out hundreds of strikes on targets inside government-controlled parts of Syria in recent years, including attacks on the Damascus and Aleppo airports, but it rarely acknowledges or discusses the operations.

Aleppo’s airport, like many others in Middle East nations, is a dual-use facility that includes civilian and military sides. Iran has been key in arming and supporting President Bashar Assad in his country’s long civil war.

On Wednesday, El-Mostafa Benlamlih, a U.N. official overseeing relief efforts in Syria, asked that “all feasible precautions” be taken “to spare civilians and civilian objects in the conduct of hostilities.”The head of Syria's civil aviation says flights at the international airport in Aleppo have resumed, three days after it was put out of service by a suspected Israeli airstrike

DAMASCUS, Syria -- Flights at Syria’s international airport in Aleppo resumed Friday, three days after it was put out of service by a suspected Israeli airstrike, the country’s head of civil aviation said.

Bassem Mansour told the pro-government Sham FM radio station that flights to and from the airport of Syria’s largest city resumed Friday morning after repairs were completed.

The suspected Israeli airstrike early Tuesday left multiple craters on the airport runway, satellite images analyzed by The Associated Press showed Thursday.

Since the Feb. 6 earthquake that hit Turkey and Syria killing more than 50,000 people, including over 6,000 in Syria, the airport has been a main entry point for jets carrying aid into the war-ton country. Authorities said after the strike that relief flights had been diverted to airports in Damascus and Latakia.

The attack on Aleppo airport comes after Israel struck the airfield as part of an Israeli campaign to disrupt Iranian weapons transfers into Syria for Iran-backed groups — including Lebanon's Hezbollah. Those attacks have continued despite ongoing political turmoil in Israel and as Iran’s nuclear program edges closer to enriching weapons-grade levels of uranium. Negotiations to limit Iran's nuclear capability have fallen apart.

Israel has carried out hundreds of strikes on targets inside government-controlled parts of Syria in recent years, including attacks on the Damascus and Aleppo airports, but it rarely acknowledges or discusses the operations.

Aleppo’s airport, like many others in Middle East nations, is a dual-use facility that includes civilian and military sides. Iran has been key in arming and supporting President Bashar Assad in his country’s long civil war.

On Wednesday, El-Mostafa Benlamlih, a U.N. official overseeing relief efforts in Syria, asked that “all feasible precautions” be taken “to spare civilians and civilian objects in the conduct of hostilities.”China has accused Canada of smearing its reputation over allegations China is secretly operating two overseas Chinese police stations in Quebec

BEIJING -- China on Friday accused Canada of smearing its reputation over allegations China is secretly operating two overseas police stations in Quebec.

Canada should “stop sensationalizing and hyping the matter and stop attacks and smears on China,” Foreign Ministry spokesperson Mao Ning said at a daily briefing.

“China has been ... strictly abiding by international law and respecting all countries’ judicial sovereignty," Mao said.

The spokesperson did not comment on the existence of the police stations or whether they were operated by Chinese government authorities.

Canadians of Chinese origin have been victims of activities carried out by the stations, Sgt. Charles Poirier of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said Thursday.

Canada will not tolerate any type of intimidation, harassment or targeting of diaspora communities, Poirier said.

The RCMP’s Integrated National Security Team has opened investigations into the suspected police stations in Montreal and Brossard, a suburb just south of the city, he said.

The Spanish human rights organization Safeguard Defenders says China has scores of such stations across the globe, including in the U.K. and the U.S.

In a report last September, it said the stations were used to “harass, threaten, intimidate and force targets to return to China for persecution."

The Chinese Foreign Ministry has previously described the foreign outposts as service stations for Chinese people who are abroad and need help with bureaucratic tasks such as renewing their Chinese driver’s licenses. Such citizen services are normally performed by an embassy or consulate.

Beijing has launched dual multi-year campaigns to bring suspects wanted mostly for economic crimes back to China, but says its agents overseas operate in line with international law. U.S. authorities say that has not always been the case.

The outposts have fueled global concerns that the ruling Chinese Communist Party is seeking control over its citizens abroad, often by using threats against their families and welfare, while undermining democratic institutions overseas and gathering economic and political intelligence.

Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Melanie Joly said Thursday concerns over foreign interference were behind Canada's refusal to issue a diplomatic visa to a political operative for China last fall.

Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said the presence of Chinese police stations in Canada “concerns us enormously."

“We’ve known about the (presence of) Chinese police stations across the country for many months, and we are making sure that the RCMP is following up on it and that our intelligence services take it seriously,” Trudeau told reporters in Ottawa.

Canada-China relations nosedived in 2018 after China jailed two Canadians on allegedly trumped-up charges shortly after Canada arrested Meng Wanzhou, chief financial officer of technology giant Huawei and the daughter of the company’s founder, on a U.S. extradition request.

They were sent back to Canada in 2021 on the same day Meng returned to China after reaching a deal with U.S. authorities in her case.China has accused Canada of smearing its reputation over allegations China is secretly operating two overseas Chinese police stations in Quebec

BEIJING -- China on Friday accused Canada of smearing its reputation over allegations China is secretly operating two overseas police stations in Quebec.

Canada should “stop sensationalizing and hyping the matter and stop attacks and smears on China,” Foreign Ministry spokesperson Mao Ning said at a daily briefing.

“China has been ... strictly abiding by international law and respecting all countries’ judicial sovereignty," Mao said.

The spokesperson did not comment on the existence of the police stations or whether they were operated by Chinese government authorities.

Canadians of Chinese origin have been victims of activities carried out by the stations, Sgt. Charles Poirier of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said Thursday.

Canada will not tolerate any type of intimidation, harassment or targeting of diaspora communities, Poirier said.

The RCMP’s Integrated National Security Team has opened investigations into the suspected police stations in Montreal and Brossard, a suburb just south of the city, he said.

The Spanish human rights organization Safeguard Defenders says China has scores of such stations across the globe, including in the U.K. and the U.S.

In a report last September, it said the stations were used to “harass, threaten, intimidate and force targets to return to China for persecution."

The Chinese Foreign Ministry has previously described the foreign outposts as service stations for Chinese people who are abroad and need help with bureaucratic tasks such as renewing their Chinese driver’s licenses. Such citizen services are normally performed by an embassy or consulate.

Beijing has launched dual multi-year campaigns to bring suspects wanted mostly for economic crimes back to China, but says its agents overseas operate in line with international law. U.S. authorities say that has not always been the case.

The outposts have fueled global concerns that the ruling Chinese Communist Party is seeking control over its citizens abroad, often by using threats against their families and welfare, while undermining democratic institutions overseas and gathering economic and political intelligence.

Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Melanie Joly said Thursday concerns over foreign interference were behind Canada's refusal to issue a diplomatic visa to a political operative for China last fall.

Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said the presence of Chinese police stations in Canada “concerns us enormously."

“We’ve known about the (presence of) Chinese police stations across the country for many months, and we are making sure that the RCMP is following up on it and that our intelligence services take it seriously,” Trudeau told reporters in Ottawa.

Canada-China relations nosedived in 2018 after China jailed two Canadians on allegedly trumped-up charges shortly after Canada arrested Meng Wanzhou, chief financial officer of technology giant Huawei and the daughter of the company’s founder, on a U.S. extradition request.

They were sent back to Canada in 2021 on the same day Meng returned to China after reaching a deal with U.S. authorities in her case.Georgia’s parliament has voted to drop a foreign agent registration bill after the legislation prompted tens of thousands of protesters to swarm the capital this week

TBILISI, Georgia -- Georgia’s parliament voted Friday to drop a foreign agent registration bill after the legislation, which opponents warned could be used to stifle dissent and curtail media freedoms, prompted tens of thousands of protesters to swarm the capital this week.

Lawmakers voted 35-1 against the bill during a session that lasted just four minutes and featured no discussion. The vote came less than a day after Georgia’s ruling party, Georgian Dream, said it would withdraw the legislation.

The proposed law would have required media and nongovernmental organizations that receive more than 20% of their funding from foreign sources to register as “agents of foreign influence.” Critics argued that if enacted, the law could hinder Georgia’s aspirations of one day joining NATO and the European Union.

Protesters in Tbilisi said the bill was inspired by a similar law in Russia that has been used to silence critics. They rallied outside the parliament building despite being met with tear gas and water canons.

The bill’s authors claimed it was modeled on the U.S. Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938. The U.S. law, enacted 80 years ago to expose Nazi propaganda, requires people to disclose when they lobby in the U.S. on behalf of foreign governments or political entities.

Politicians from Georgian Dream nonetheless began to back away from the bill Wednesday evening, and Thursday’s discussion of the proposal was canceled.

However, the protests continued on Thursday night and Friday morning, with those gathered saying they wanted to ensure the bill was abandoned and to secure the release of more than 100 protesters who were arrested earlier.

The Georgian Interior Ministry reported Friday that it had freed all 133 people who were detained at mass rallies outside parliament on Tuesday and Wednesday. It said alleged “instances of violence” at the demonstrations still were under investigation.

Pro-European Union lawmakers who opposed the bill unfurled national and EU flags during Friday’s vote. Khatia Dekanoidze, a lawmaker from the United National Movement, called the draft legislation a “Russian law” and a “dangerous obstacle” for Georgia’s European integration.

“Today is a very important day,” she told The Associated Press. “We did it together with young protesters, young generations, students, together with Georgian society, and it was absolutely amazing how united society was.”

Mate Gabeshia, a student who took part in a Friday rally against the bill, said “the government understood that they had no chance” given the groundswell of popular protest.

Opposition parties in recent years have accused Georgian Dream of pursuing pro-Russia policies while claiming to be Western-oriented. Opponents charge that the party’s founder, former Prime Minister Bidzina Ivanishvili, a billionaire who amassed his fortune in Russia, calls the shots even though he currently doesn’t hold a government job.

The party has repeatedly denied any links to Russia or that it leans toward Moscow.

Although it agreed to withdraw the bill, Georgian Dream and its allies said the public was misled about the proposal.

“The bill was labeled falsely as a ‘Russian law,’” the party and its parliamentary allies said in a joint statement Thursday.

Georgian Dream's foreign agents bill did appear similar to one enacted in Russia in 2012, which has been used to shut down or discredit organizations that are critical of the government and President Vladimir Putin.

Russian officials on Friday distanced themselves from Georgia's legislation. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters that Moscow had “nothing to do” with the bill and alleged the U.S. was using the opposition to it to foment anti-Russian sentiment in Georgia.

Speaking on state TV, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov compared the rallies this week to the Maidan protests in Ukraine in 2014 that swept a pro-Kremlin president from power. Lavrov claimed the bill was “a pretext to launch an attempt to forcefully change the government” in Tbilisi.

Russia-Georgia relations have been rocky and complicated since the Soviet Union’s collapse. The two countries fought a short war in 2008 that ended with Georgia losing control of two Russia-friendly separatist regions. Tbilisi had severed diplomatic ties with Moscow, and the issue of the regions’ status remains a key irritant, even as relations have somewhat improved.

Giorgi Badridze, a former Georgian ambassador to the U.K. who is now a senior fellow at the Georgian Foundation for Strategic and International Studies, accused the ruling party of using the bill to sabotage Tbilisi’s prospects for EU membership.

Badridze painted the law as part of an effort former Prime Minister Bidzina Ivanishvili and his allies to establish government control over the media and civil society organizations. He called the introduction of the foreign agents bill — and the protests against it — “a moment of truth.”

“This was the moment when Ivanishvili, unintentionally, I guess, reawakened a large part of Georgian society, and most importantly, the students and youth,” he said.

The European Union in June agreed to make Ukraine and Moldova candidates for EU membership, but held back on doing the same for Georgia. EU leaders cited the need for reforms in the Black Sea nation of 3.7 million.

___

Vladimir Isachenkov contributed from Moscow.Georgia’s parliament has voted to drop a foreign agent registration bill after the legislation prompted tens of thousands of protesters to swarm the capital this week

TBILISI, Georgia -- Georgia’s parliament voted Friday to drop a foreign agent registration bill after the legislation, which opponents warned could be used to stifle dissent and curtail media freedoms, prompted tens of thousands of protesters to swarm the capital this week.

Lawmakers voted 35-1 against the bill during a session that lasted just four minutes and featured no discussion. The vote came less than a day after Georgia’s ruling party, Georgian Dream, said it would withdraw the legislation.

The proposed law would have required media and nongovernmental organizations that receive more than 20% of their funding from foreign sources to register as “agents of foreign influence.” Critics argued that if enacted, the law could hinder Georgia’s aspirations of one day joining NATO and the European Union.

Protesters in Tbilisi said the bill was inspired by a similar law in Russia that has been used to silence critics. They rallied outside the parliament building despite being met with tear gas and water canons.

The bill’s authors claimed it was modeled on the U.S. Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938. The U.S. law, enacted 80 years ago to expose Nazi propaganda, requires people to disclose when they lobby in the U.S. on behalf of foreign governments or political entities.

Politicians from Georgian Dream nonetheless began to back away from the bill Wednesday evening, and Thursday’s discussion of the proposal was canceled.

However, the protests continued on Thursday night and Friday morning, with those gathered saying they wanted to ensure the bill was abandoned and to secure the release of more than 100 protesters who were arrested earlier.

The Georgian Interior Ministry reported Friday that it had freed all 133 people who were detained at mass rallies outside parliament on Tuesday and Wednesday. It said alleged “instances of violence” at the demonstrations still were under investigation.

Pro-European Union lawmakers who opposed the bill unfurled national and EU flags during Friday’s vote. Khatia Dekanoidze, a lawmaker from the United National Movement, called the draft legislation a “Russian law” and a “dangerous obstacle” for Georgia’s European integration.

“Today is a very important day,” she told The Associated Press. “We did it together with young protesters, young generations, students, together with Georgian society, and it was absolutely amazing how united society was.”

Mate Gabeshia, a student who took part in a Friday rally against the bill, said “the government understood that they had no chance” given the groundswell of popular protest.

Opposition parties in recent years have accused Georgian Dream of pursuing pro-Russia policies while claiming to be Western-oriented. Opponents charge that the party’s founder, former Prime Minister Bidzina Ivanishvili, a billionaire who amassed his fortune in Russia, calls the shots even though he currently doesn’t hold a government job.

The party has repeatedly denied any links to Russia or that it leans toward Moscow.

Although it agreed to withdraw the bill, Georgian Dream and its allies said the public was misled about the proposal.

“The bill was labeled falsely as a ‘Russian law,’” the party and its parliamentary allies said in a joint statement Thursday.

Georgian Dream's foreign agents bill did appear similar to one enacted in Russia in 2012, which has been used to shut down or discredit organizations that are critical of the government and President Vladimir Putin.

Russian officials on Friday distanced themselves from Georgia's legislation. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters that Moscow had “nothing to do” with the bill and alleged the U.S. was using the opposition to it to foment anti-Russian sentiment in Georgia.

Speaking on state TV, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov compared the rallies this week to the Maidan protests in Ukraine in 2014 that swept a pro-Kremlin president from power. Lavrov claimed the bill was “a pretext to launch an attempt to forcefully change the government” in Tbilisi.

Russia-Georgia relations have been rocky and complicated since the Soviet Union’s collapse. The two countries fought a short war in 2008 that ended with Georgia losing control of two Russia-friendly separatist regions. Tbilisi had severed diplomatic ties with Moscow, and the issue of the regions’ status remains a key irritant, even as relations have somewhat improved.

Giorgi Badridze, a former Georgian ambassador to the U.K. who is now a senior fellow at the Georgian Foundation for Strategic and International Studies, accused the ruling party of using the bill to sabotage Tbilisi’s prospects for EU membership.

Badridze painted the law as part of an effort former Prime Minister Bidzina Ivanishvili and his allies to establish government control over the media and civil society organizations. He called the introduction of the foreign agents bill — and the protests against it — “a moment of truth.”

“This was the moment when Ivanishvili, unintentionally, I guess, reawakened a large part of Georgian society, and most importantly, the students and youth,” he said.

The European Union in June agreed to make Ukraine and Moldova candidates for EU membership, but held back on doing the same for Georgia. EU leaders cited the need for reforms in the Black Sea nation of 3.7 million.

___

Vladimir Isachenkov contributed from Moscow.Officials in Ukraine's capital say most of Kyiv's power supply has been restored as the country again responds swiftly and defiantly to the latest Russian barrage targeting the country’s critical infrastructure

KYIV, Ukraine -- Ukraine's capital had most of its power supply restored Friday, officials said, as the country again responded swiftly and defiantly to the latest Russian missile and drone barrage targeting critical infrastructure.

In what has become a familiar Russian tactic since early October, the Kremlin’s forces struck Ukraine from afar Thursday while the ground battles in the country's east largely remained mired in a grinding stalemate.

The apparent aim of attacking power stations and other infrastructure is to weaken Ukraine’s resolve and compel the Ukrainian government to negotiate peace on Moscow’s terms.

Ukrainian authorities scrambled to counter the consequences of the latest bombardment, part of a recurring cycle of urban smash-and-repair that has brought little change in the course of the war, which recently entered its second year.

The Institute for the Study of War, a Washington-based think tank, said in an assessment that “these missile strikes will not undermine Ukraine’s will or improve Russia’s positions on the front lines.”

Ukrainian military analyst Oleh Zhdanov said the Russians are striking civilian infrastructure, because they can’t efficiently target Ukrainian military assets.

“The Russians lack data about the location of Ukrainian troops and weapons, so they are targeting civilian infrastructure and using the same old methods of attacking civilians to sow fear and panic in the society,” he said. “Ukraine has survived the winter and Russia’s strikes on the energy system in the spring hardly make any sense.”

Power and water were restored in Kyiv, said Serhii Popko, the head of the city’s military administration. Popko said that about 30% of consumers in the capital remained without heating and that repair work was ongoing.

Power supplies were fully restored in Ukraine’s southern Odesa region, private provider DTEK said Friday afternoon.

Around 60% of households in the city of Kharkiv that were knocked off grid by Russia’s missile strikes on Thursday were also back online, authorities said, though significant damage remained in the Zhytomyr and Kharkiv regions in Ukraine’s northwest and northeast.

In another sign of normality quickly returning, Finnish Prime Minister Sanna Marin made an unannounced visit to Kyiv on Friday.

Marin accompanied President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and senior military officers at the funeral of one of Ukrain'e best-known fighters and commanders who was killed in fighting near the devastated eastern city of Bakhmut.

The service for Dmytro Kotsiubailo, killed a few days earlier at the age of 27, was held at the cathedral of Kyiv’s St. Michael’s Golden-Domed Monastery. Many of the thousands of mourners clutched flowers, and the crowd knelt in silence as Kotsiubailo’s coffin was carried out of the church toward Maidan Square.

Zelenskyy and Marin also laid flowers at a nearby memorial to fallen Ukrainian soldiers.

The prime minister echoed other Western leaders who have accused Russia of war crimes in Ukraine and said Russian soldiers and leaders would be held accountable in a courtroom.

“Putin knows he will have to answer for his crime of aggression,” the Finnish leader said during a news conference. “The future tribunal must bring justice efficiently and answer Ukrainians’ rightful demands.”

On the battlefield Friday, Ukrainian Deputy Defense Minister Hanna Malyar said the fighting in Bakhmut had “escalated,” with another push by Russian forces to break through Ukrainian defense lines that have largely held firm for the past six months.

Just west of Bakhmut, shelling and missile strikes hit the Ukrainian-held city of Kostiantynivka. The regional prosecutor's office said eight people were injured and more than a dozen homes were damaged or destroyed in the attacks.

AP journalists in the city saw at least four injured people taken to a local hospital. Police said Russian forces attacked the town with S-300 missiles and cluster munitions.

Thursday's Russian onslaught, much of which took place before dawn, was the largest such attack in three weeks, deploying more than 80 Russian missiles and exploding drones.

The barrage, which also damaged residential buildings, killed six people and left hundreds of thousands without heat or running water. The salvo was noteworthy for the range of munitions the Kremlin’s forces used, including hypersonic Kinzhal cruise missiles that are among the most sophisticated weapons in Russian's arsenal.

Even so, the bombardments on energy infrastructure that gathered pace last fall have become less frequent.

“The interval between waves of strikes is probably growing, because Russia now needs to stockpile a critical mass of newly produced missiles directly from industry,” the U.K. Ministry of Defense said in an assessment Friday.

The Russian Defense Ministry said the strikes were in retaliation for a recent incursion into the Bryansk region of western Russia by what Moscow claimed were Ukrainian saboteurs. Ukraine denied the claim and warned that Moscow could use the allegations to justify stepping up its own assaults.

___

Mstyslav Chernov reported from Kostiantynivka.

___

Follow AP’s coverage of the war in Ukraine: https://apnews.com/hub/russia-ukraineOfficials in Ukraine's capital say most of Kyiv's power supply has been restored as the country again responds swiftly and defiantly to the latest Russian barrage targeting the country’s critical infrastructure

KYIV, Ukraine -- Ukraine's capital had most of its power supply restored Friday, officials said, as the country again responded swiftly and defiantly to the latest Russian missile and drone barrage targeting critical infrastructure.

In what has become a familiar Russian tactic since early October, the Kremlin’s forces struck Ukraine from afar Thursday while the ground battles in the country's east largely remained mired in a grinding stalemate.

The apparent aim of attacking power stations and other infrastructure is to weaken Ukraine’s resolve and compel the Ukrainian government to negotiate peace on Moscow’s terms.

Ukrainian authorities scrambled to counter the consequences of the latest bombardment, part of a recurring cycle of urban smash-and-repair that has brought little change in the course of the war, which recently entered its second year.

The Institute for the Study of War, a Washington-based think tank, said in an assessment that “these missile strikes will not undermine Ukraine’s will or improve Russia’s positions on the front lines.”

Ukrainian military analyst Oleh Zhdanov said the Russians are striking civilian infrastructure, because they can’t efficiently target Ukrainian military assets.

“The Russians lack data about the location of Ukrainian troops and weapons, so they are targeting civilian infrastructure and using the same old methods of attacking civilians to sow fear and panic in the society,” he said. “Ukraine has survived the winter and Russia’s strikes on the energy system in the spring hardly make any sense.”

Power and water were restored in Kyiv, said Serhii Popko, the head of the city’s military administration. Popko said that about 30% of consumers in the capital remained without heating and that repair work was ongoing.

Power supplies were fully restored in Ukraine’s southern Odesa region, private provider DTEK said Friday afternoon.

Around 60% of households in the city of Kharkiv that were knocked off grid by Russia’s missile strikes on Thursday were also back online, authorities said, though significant damage remained in the Zhytomyr and Kharkiv regions in Ukraine’s northwest and northeast.

In another sign of normality quickly returning, Finnish Prime Minister Sanna Marin made an unannounced visit to Kyiv on Friday.

Marin accompanied President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and senior military officers at the funeral of one of Ukrain'e best-known fighters and commanders who was killed in fighting near the devastated eastern city of Bakhmut.

The service for Dmytro Kotsiubailo, killed a few days earlier at the age of 27, was held at the cathedral of Kyiv’s St. Michael’s Golden-Domed Monastery. Many of the thousands of mourners clutched flowers, and the crowd knelt in silence as Kotsiubailo’s coffin was carried out of the church toward Maidan Square.

Zelenskyy and Marin also laid flowers at a nearby memorial to fallen Ukrainian soldiers.

The prime minister echoed other Western leaders who have accused Russia of war crimes in Ukraine and said Russian soldiers and leaders would be held accountable in a courtroom.

“Putin knows he will have to answer for his crime of aggression,” the Finnish leader said during a news conference. “The future tribunal must bring justice efficiently and answer Ukrainians’ rightful demands.”

On the battlefield Friday, Ukrainian Deputy Defense Minister Hanna Malyar said the fighting in Bakhmut had “escalated,” with another push by Russian forces to break through Ukrainian defense lines that have largely held firm for the past six months.

Just west of Bakhmut, shelling and missile strikes hit the Ukrainian-held city of Kostiantynivka. The regional prosecutor's office said eight people were injured and more than a dozen homes were damaged or destroyed in the attacks.

AP journalists in the city saw at least four injured people taken to a local hospital. Police said Russian forces attacked the town with S-300 missiles and cluster munitions.

Thursday's Russian onslaught, much of which took place before dawn, was the largest such attack in three weeks, deploying more than 80 Russian missiles and exploding drones.

The barrage, which also damaged residential buildings, killed six people and left hundreds of thousands without heat or running water. The salvo was noteworthy for the range of munitions the Kremlin’s forces used, including hypersonic Kinzhal cruise missiles that are among the most sophisticated weapons in Russian's arsenal.

Even so, the bombardments on energy infrastructure that gathered pace last fall have become less frequent.

“The interval between waves of strikes is probably growing, because Russia now needs to stockpile a critical mass of newly produced missiles directly from industry,” the U.K. Ministry of Defense said in an assessment Friday.

The Russian Defense Ministry said the strikes were in retaliation for a recent incursion into the Bryansk region of western Russia by what Moscow claimed were Ukrainian saboteurs. Ukraine denied the claim and warned that Moscow could use the allegations to justify stepping up its own assaults.

___

Mstyslav Chernov reported from Kostiantynivka.

___

Follow AP’s coverage of the war in Ukraine: https://apnews.com/hub/russia-ukraineTrains have been canceled, schools shut and drivers stuck for hours as a blast of snow and wind hits Britain for the second time in a week

LONDON -- Trains were canceled, some schools were shut and drivers were stuck for hours on a major highway as a blast of snow and wind hit Britain on Friday for the second time in a week.

The weather system, named Storm Larisa by meteorologists, brought gales and blizzards to much of the country. Alex Burkill, a meteorologist with the Met Office weather agency, said the worst-hit area was northern England and north Wales, where 50 mph (80 kph) wind gusts were accompanied by up to a foot (30 centimeters) of snow.

Some drivers spent more than seven hours in their cars after traffic ground to a halt on the M62 highway that cuts across northern England.

“I saw lots of abandoned sports cars, one Jaguar left on the road with a shovel stuck in the ground next to it and no driver,” said video journalist Richard McCarthy. “There were lots of lorries losing momentum and getting stuck.”

Many roads on high ground in central England's Peak District were impassable, and the train line linking the cities of Manchester and Sheffield was closed by fallen trees.

Air travel was also disrupted, with most flights departing Liverpool John Lennon Airport delayed on Friday morning. East Midlands Airport in central England was closed for about three hours, while flights were briefly suspended at Birmingham Airport.

Freezing Arctic air has sent temperatures plunging this week to as low as -16 C (3 F) in the Scottish Highlands.

The Met Office said it isn’t unusual for the country to experience a cold snap in the spring, when conditions are often highly variable. Statistically, the U.K. is marginally more likely to get snow in March than it is in December, the office said.Trains have been canceled, schools shut and drivers stuck for hours as a blast of snow and wind hits Britain for the second time in a week

LONDON -- Trains were canceled, some schools were shut and drivers were stuck for hours on a major highway as a blast of snow and wind hit Britain on Friday for the second time in a week.

The weather system, named Storm Larisa by meteorologists, brought gales and blizzards to much of the country. Alex Burkill, a meteorologist with the Met Office weather agency, said the worst-hit area was northern England and north Wales, where 50 mph (80 kph) wind gusts were accompanied by up to a foot (30 centimeters) of snow.

Some drivers spent more than seven hours in their cars after traffic ground to a halt on the M62 highway that cuts across northern England.

“I saw lots of abandoned sports cars, one Jaguar left on the road with a shovel stuck in the ground next to it and no driver,” said video journalist Richard McCarthy. “There were lots of lorries losing momentum and getting stuck.”

Many roads on high ground in central England's Peak District were impassable, and the train line linking the cities of Manchester and Sheffield was closed by fallen trees.

Air travel was also disrupted, with most flights departing Liverpool John Lennon Airport delayed on Friday morning. East Midlands Airport in central England was closed for about three hours, while flights were briefly suspended at Birmingham Airport.

Freezing Arctic air has sent temperatures plunging this week to as low as -16 C (3 F) in the Scottish Highlands.

The Met Office said it isn’t unusual for the country to experience a cold snap in the spring, when conditions are often highly variable. Statistically, the U.K. is marginally more likely to get snow in March than it is in December, the office said.European Union member countries and negotiators from the EU Parliament have agreed on a provisional deal aimed at reducing energy consumption across the 27-nation bloc

BRUSSELS -- European Union member countries and negotiators from the EU Parliament have agreed on a provisional deal aimed at reducing energy consumption across the 27-nation bloc.

Under the agreement, EU countries must achieve the goal collectively to ensure a reduction of consumption of at least 11.7% compared with the forecasts for 2030 that were made three years ago.

The deal, which is part of the EU's plans to become climate neutral by 2050, must be formally adopted by the Parliament and the Council — which brings together government ministers from each member state — to enter into force.

The European Commission, the EU's executive arm, welcomed the provisional agreement, which also includes measures to tackle energy poverty. The agreed rules should also ensure that EU countries promote local heating and cooling plans in cities with more than 45,000 inhabitants.

"Saving energy is a key step to saving the planet," said Frans Timmermans, the executive Vice-President for the European Green Deal. “In recent months, Europeans have shown that they are ready and able to face this challenge, and our industry has proven that it can optimize its energy use and production processes.”

___

Follow AP’s coverage of climate and environment at https://apnews.com/hub/climate-and-environmentU.K. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and French President Emmanuel Macron have agreed to step up efforts to tackle Channel migrant crossings

PARIS -- U.K. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and French President Emmanuel Macron agreed Friday to strengthen the military ties between their countries and step up efforts to prevent migrants from crossing the English Channel, at a summit that signaled a thaw in relations after years of Brexit-induced chill.

Sunak traveled to Paris as part of efforts to mend relations with France and other European Union members following the tensions created by the U.K.'s departure from the EU. At a cordial joint news conference, Sunak said his meeting with Macron, the first French-British summit since 2018, marked “a new beginning, an entente renewed."

It was also a chance to signal to Sunak's Conservative Party and British voters that the government is making progress on its promise to stop migrants reaching the U.K. in small boats.

Britain agreed to pay France more than 500 million euros over the next three years for measures including a detention center for migrants in northern France, a joint command center and more patrols of the French coastline using drones and an additional 500 French police officers.

It's the latest and biggest measure in years of efforts by the two countries to stop thousands of migrants gathering in northern France and then trying to reach the U.K.

The U.K. has struck a series of deals with France over the years to increase patrols of beaches and share intelligence in an attempt to disrupt smuggling gangs — all of which have had only a limited impact.

Macron and Sunak said the enforcement had worked, leading to more than 50 smuggling networks being broken up, 500 arrests and 1,300 boats prevented from launching.

Still, more than 45,000 people arrived in Britain by boat in 2022, up from 28,000 in 2021 according to an official U.K. count.

The EU's border agency, Frontex, said 5,600 Channel crossings by asylum-seekers and migrants during the first two months of the year, an 82% increase from the same period in 2022. It said the most common countries of origin were Afghanistan, Iraq and Eritrea.

“There is no one solution to solving this very complicated problem, and nor will it be solved overnight,” Sunak acknowledged.

The U.K. announced contentious plans this week to detain and deport migrants arriving by boat, either to their homeland or "a safe third country."

The move has horrified refugee and human rights groups and faces huge legal and logistical challenges — not least because almost no countries have agreed to accept any deportees.

Macron rejected any suggestion France might strike such an agreement with Britain, saying the U.K. would have to deal with the EU as a whole.

Humanitarian groups criticized the U.K.-France agreement. Christina Marriott, spokesperson for the British Red Cross, said “the focus on more detention in today’s agreement with France is disappointing.”

Steve Valdez-Symonds, Amnesty International’s refugee and migrant rights director, said that “fortress Britain policies won’t work” to solve migration issues.

In recent years, relations between the U.K. and France chilled amid post-Brexit wrangling over fishing rights and other issues, and hit rock-bottom under Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who took delight in needling the French. His successor, Liz Truss, ruffled French feathers last year when she said the “jury is out” on whether Macron was a friend or a foe.

But Russia’s invasion of Ukraine brought Britain and its European neighbors closer together in support of Kyiv, and the mood improved after pragmatic, technocratic Sunak took office in October after Truss’ brief and economically destabilizing term.

Sunak's visit also comes two weeks before King Charles III travels to France and then Germany for his first state visits since becoming monarch.

France and the U.K. agreed Friday to strengthen military cooperation, including on supplying weapons to Kyiv and training Ukrainian Marines,

"On the short term, our goal is to help Ukraine conduct the counteroffensive it wishes to do. Today's priority is military," Macron said. In the longer term, he said efforts should head towards “building a lasting peace, at the moment and in conditions that Ukraine will choose."

The leaders also pledged to work for a permanent European maritime presence in the Indo-Pacific, notably by coordinating deployment to the region of France’s Charles de Gaulle and the U.K.’s Queen Elizabeth and Prince of Wales aircraft carriers.

The improved relationship comes after the U.K. and the EU announced a deal to resolve the dispute over post-Brexit trading arrangements for Northern Ireland, which had soured Britain's relationship with the bloc.

Macron and Sunak met for more than an hour in private, and showed respect and courtesy towards each other in public.

Macron said Brexit had had “consequences” and “probably some of those consequences were underestimated, but we have to fix them.”

Sunak told Macron he felt "very fortunate to be serving alongside you, and incredibly excited about the future we can build together,” before concluding in French: “Merci mon ami" ("thank you my friend").

___

Jill Lawless reported from London. Elaine Ganley contributed to this report from Paris.U.K. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and French President Emmanuel Macron have agreed to step up efforts to tackle Channel migrant crossings

PARIS -- U.K. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and French President Emmanuel Macron agreed Friday to strengthen the military ties between their countries and step up efforts to prevent migrants from crossing the English Channel, at a summit that signaled a thaw in relations after years of Brexit-induced chill.

Sunak traveled to Paris as part of efforts to mend relations with France and other European Union members following the tensions created by the U.K.'s departure from the EU. At a cordial joint news conference, Sunak said his meeting with Macron, the first French-British summit since 2018, marked “a new beginning, an entente renewed."

It was also a chance to signal to Sunak's Conservative Party and British voters that the government is making progress on its promise to stop migrants reaching the U.K. in small boats.

Britain agreed to pay France more than 500 million euros over the next three years for measures including a detention center for migrants in northern France, a joint command center and more patrols of the French coastline using drones and an additional 500 French police officers.

It's the latest and biggest measure in years of efforts by the two countries to stop thousands of migrants gathering in northern France and then trying to reach the U.K.

The U.K. has struck a series of deals with France over the years to increase patrols of beaches and share intelligence in an attempt to disrupt smuggling gangs — all of which have had only a limited impact.

Macron and Sunak said the enforcement had worked, leading to more than 50 smuggling networks being broken up, 500 arrests and 1,300 boats prevented from launching.

Still, more than 45,000 people arrived in Britain by boat in 2022, up from 28,000 in 2021 according to an official U.K. count.

The EU's border agency, Frontex, said 5,600 Channel crossings by asylum-seekers and migrants during the first two months of the year, an 82% increase from the same period in 2022. It said the most common countries of origin were Afghanistan, Iraq and Eritrea.

“There is no one solution to solving this very complicated problem, and nor will it be solved overnight,” Sunak acknowledged.

The U.K. announced contentious plans this week to detain and deport migrants arriving by boat, either to their homeland or "a safe third country."

The move has horrified refugee and human rights groups and faces huge legal and logistical challenges — not least because almost no countries have agreed to accept any deportees.

Macron rejected any suggestion France might strike such an agreement with Britain, saying the U.K. would have to deal with the EU as a whole.

Humanitarian groups criticized the U.K.-France agreement. Christina Marriott, spokesperson for the British Red Cross, said “the focus on more detention in today’s agreement with France is disappointing.”

Steve Valdez-Symonds, Amnesty International’s refugee and migrant rights director, said that “fortress Britain policies won’t work” to solve migration issues.

In recent years, relations between the U.K. and France chilled amid post-Brexit wrangling over fishing rights and other issues, and hit rock-bottom under Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who took delight in needling the French. His successor, Liz Truss, ruffled French feathers last year when she said the “jury is out” on whether Macron was a friend or a foe.

But Russia’s invasion of Ukraine brought Britain and its European neighbors closer together in support of Kyiv, and the mood improved after pragmatic, technocratic Sunak took office in October after Truss’ brief and economically destabilizing term.

Sunak's visit also comes two weeks before King Charles III travels to France and then Germany for his first state visits since becoming monarch.

France and the U.K. agreed Friday to strengthen military cooperation, including on supplying weapons to Kyiv and training Ukrainian Marines,

"On the short term, our goal is to help Ukraine conduct the counteroffensive it wishes to do. Today's priority is military," Macron said. In the longer term, he said efforts should head towards “building a lasting peace, at the moment and in conditions that Ukraine will choose."

The leaders also pledged to work for a permanent European maritime presence in the Indo-Pacific, notably by coordinating deployment to the region of France’s Charles de Gaulle and the U.K.’s Queen Elizabeth and Prince of Wales aircraft carriers.

The improved relationship comes after the U.K. and the EU announced a deal to resolve the dispute over post-Brexit trading arrangements for Northern Ireland, which had soured Britain's relationship with the bloc.

Macron and Sunak met for more than an hour in private, and showed respect and courtesy towards each other in public.

Macron said Brexit had had “consequences” and “probably some of those consequences were underestimated, but we have to fix them.”

Sunak told Macron he felt "very fortunate to be serving alongside you, and incredibly excited about the future we can build together,” before concluding in French: “Merci mon ami" ("thank you my friend").

___

Jill Lawless reported from London. Elaine Ganley contributed to this report from Paris.The Korean war started in 1950 and although the fighting stopped with the 1953 armistice, recent tensions on the Korean Peninsula are once again drawing attention to this part of the world. <br><br> A North Korean soldier looks through the window of the building that sits on the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) in Panmunjom, South Korea, that separates the two Koreas, July 21, 2010. Mark Wilson/Getty Images

“If North Korea were to dramatically implode, most analysts expect a wave of refugees headed toward China, South Korea or even Japan,” Robert Kelly, an associate professor of political science at Pusan University in South Korea, wrote in an email to ABC News. The refugee flow could be “on the same scale as Syria but perhaps with even greater desperation.” <br><br> Thousands fled the battle zones when the North Korean communist army, backed by the Soviet Union, crossed the 38th Parallel and invaded South Korea on June 25, 1950. Getty Images

The battle of Inchon was an amphibious invasion that was a decisive victory for the U.N. and American troops in the early months of the Korean War. <br> <br> U.S. Marines in a naval landing craft arrive at the port with the battle raging in the background. The operation involved 75,000 troops and 261 naval vessels. The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images

Gen. Douglas MacArthur was the commander of both the U.N. and U.S. forces -- known as the United Nations Command (UNC) -- and he accompanied U.S. troops on their invasion of Inchon harbor, keeping in close touch with the fighting soldiers as they drove inland. Just five years earlier in 1945, MacArthur accepted Japan’s surrender in WWII aboard the USS Missouri. Bettmann Archive/Getty Images

North Korean troops were able to capture the city of Seoul within three days of their invasion and continued to push southward. <br><br> An elderly resident of Seoul walks through one of the streets in the capital city, destroyed during bitter fighting between South Korean forces and North Korean troops. Bettmann Archive/Getty Images

U.S. Marines recaptured Seoul within two weeks of landing at Inchon. <br><br> An American soldier engages North Korean soldiers as others duck for cover during street combat in the Korean War. The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images

The Department of Veterans Affairs put the U.S. Battle Deaths at 33,739 and “other deaths in theater” at 2,835. There are still 7,800 U.S. soldiers still unaccounted for according to the U.S. Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency. <br><br> An American soldier comforts a fellow infantryman whose close friend had been killed in action in the Haktong-ni area, Korea, August 1950. A corpsman fills out casualty tags in the background. Getty Images

After the end of WW II and the surrender of Japan, Kim Il Sung returned to Korea to establish a communist provisional government, becoming the Communist leader of North Korea in 1948. Kim, seen at right in the front row, is shown with a group of uniformed Russian advisers in November 1950. The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images

The Korean Truce was signed on July 27, 1953. The armistice was designed to “insure a complete cessation of hostilities and of all acts of armed force in Korea until a final peaceful settlement is achieved." It was not a peace treaty and a state of war still technically exists between the two Koreas. <br><br> During the Panmunjom cease-fire talks on Oct. 11, 1951, Col. James Murray Jr., of the U.S. Marines, and Col. Chang Chun San, of the North Korean Communist Army, initial maps showing the northern and southern boundaries of the demarcation zone. Corbis via Getty Images

China has long played a vital role as one of North Korea’s closest allies. The Sino-North Korean Mutual Aid and Cooperation Friendship Treaty pledging friendship, cooperation and mutual assistance was signed by the leaders of China and North Korea. Chinese Premier Zhou Enlai, left, appears with Kim Il Sung of Communist North Korea, who waves to the crowds after arriving in Beijing on an earlier state visit in November 1958. Bettmann Archive/Getty Images

On Oct. 24, 1952, while running for president, Dwight D. Eisenhower pledged in a campaign speech to personally visit Korea. “There is a Korean War, and we are fighting it for the simplest of reasons; because free leadership failed to check and to turn back Communist ambition before it savagely attacked us.” <br><br> President-elect Eisenhower travels in a motorcade in South Korea in December 1952. The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images

Throughout the years, massive, colorful parades have become the stage for the North Korean military to show off its military might. Intelligence and security analysts study the videos and photographs for insights to North Korea’s missile program. The parades are attended by thousands of North Korean citizens and members of the military.<br><br> Pyongyang citizens parade to celebrate the 15th anniversary of the founding of North Korea in Kim II Sung Plaza, Sept. 9, 1963. AP Photo

Officers and crew of the United States Navy ship USS Pueblo are led away after being captured by North Korean forces on Jan. 23, 1968. The Navy intelligence ship and 82 surviving sailors were taken to the port of Wonsan and moved twice to POW camps. The crew, upon release eleven months later, spoke of being tortured during their imprisonment. Bettmann Archive/Getty Images

The USS Pueblo, shown here in August 2007, is docked along the Taedong River in Pyongyang, the nation's capital, and has been turned into a museum and tourist attraction. The ship is still considered and listed as a commissioned U.S. Naval vessel. Throughout the years, the U.S. government has made attempts get the USS Pueblo back, but to no avail. MCT via Getty Images

Two American officers, Arthur Bonifas and Mark Barrett, were killed when North Korean soldiers attacked members of the UNC (United Nations Command) with axes near checkpoint No. 3 in the JSA of the Korean DMZ, Aug. 18, 1976. They had been trimming the branches of a poplar tree in the DMZ when the incident took place. Three days later, American and South Korean military forces returned to the site unannounced and in an overwhelming display of force, cut the tree down, surprising their North Korean counterparts who could only stand and watch. Popperfoto/Getty Images

One of the few places along the DMZ in which military officers from both sides can sit across a table, look each other in the eye and speak to each other, is the Joint Security Area (JSA) in Panmunjom near the 38th parallel. The JSA has been used for diplomatic engagements and military negotiations between North Korea and the United Nations Command (UNC). <br><br> American and South Korean delegations, at right, talk to their North Korean counterparts inside one of the buildings at the JSA, in the DMZ, February 1988. The border runs down the middle of the table. Gerhard Joren/LightRocket/Getty Images

“The Great Leader,” Kim Il Sung, left, with his son, Kim Jong Il, inspects a soccer ground in Pyongyang in 1992. Kim Jong Il, who became known as “The Dear Leader,” succeeded his father after his death in 1994. AFP/Getty Images

Conflicts between the two countries are not just on land as the seas off of the Korean coast have also been the scene of disputes between the countries Naval forces. Forty-six South Korean sailors lost their lives when their patrol boat, the Cheonan, was split in two by an explosion on March 26, 2010. South Korean military intelligence claimed that a North Korean torpedo sank the ship. <br><br> A giant floating crane lifts the Cheonan out of the water to place it on a barge on April 15, 2010. Hong Jin-Hwan/AFP/Getty Images

By the late 1980s, U.S. analysts believed North Korea was trying to build a nuclear bomb. Former President Jimmy Carter visited North Korea in 1994 and met with Kim Il Sung, helping to defuse tensions and paving the way for the 1994 Agreed Framework. As part of the agreement, North Korea agreed to give up their pursuit of nuclear weapons in exchange for aid with the country’s energy shortage. By 2002, U.S. intelligence became convinced that the North Koreans were pursuing an enrichment program, and by 2003, the agreement had fallen apart. UIG/Getty Images

General Raymond Davis, President Bill Clinton, and South Korean President Kim Young Sam stand alongside the Korean War Veterans Memorial during the 1995 dedication ceremony in Washington, D.C. The memorial commemorates the sacrifices of the 5.8 million Americans who served in the U.S. Armed Services during the three-year period of the Korean War. Wally McNamee/Corbis via Getty Images

Famine and food shortages in North Korea have been common throughout the country’s history due to weather, lack of good farmland and the government’s economic policies.<br><br> Dock workers unload a shipment of American wheat at the port of Hungnam. The arrival of 100,000 tons of U.S. wheat in May 1999 allowed the United Nations World Food Program to increase its rations for primary schoolchildren and the elderly for May and June -- the hardest months of the year in North Korea's famine. Peter Smerdon/AFP/Getty Images

More than 70 percent of the population of North Korea – or 25.16 million people – suffer from food insecurity and a quarter of children under the age of 5 suffer stunted growth due to malnourishment, according to a report from the United Nations World Food Program. <br><br> Three-year-old North Korean, Jong Song Chol, is fed a vitamin and mineral-enriched porridge supplied by the UN World Food Program at a hospital in Sinyang County on Aug. 4, 2004, in South Pyongyang Province, North Korea. Gerald Bourke/World Food Program/Getty Images

Promising "to broaden understanding between North and South Korea," South Korean President Kim Dae Jung traveled to Pyongyang in June of 2000 and met with North Korean President Kim Jong Il. It was the first time that leaders from the two countries had met face to face. <br><br>South Korean President Kim Dae-jung, left, and North Korean leader Kim Jong Il hold hands as they sing, "Our dream is reunification." The two met for a three-day summit in June of 2000. AFP/Getty Images

In an attempt to end North Korea's isolation and remove the threat of war in one of the world's most volatile regions, Secretary of State Madeleine Albright flew to Pyongyang to meet with the North Korean leader. <br><br>North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, left, toasts U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright at a state dinner in Pyongyang, Oct. 24, 2000. AFP/Getty Images

Officials of the Korean Peninsula Energy Development Organization (KEDO) place the first concrete in the foundation for a nuclear reactor in the Light Water Reactor project, created under the so-called Agreed Framework. It was signed by Pyongyang and Washington in 1994 at Kumho on North Korea's northeastern coast, Aug. 7, 2002. AFP/Getty Images

China, Japan, North Korea, Russia, South Korea and the U.S. made up the Six Party Talks established in 2003 to de-nuclearize the North Korean weapons program. The talks ended in 2009 after North Korea attempted to launch a satellite which crashed into the Pacific Ocean. North Korea, citing the talks as "useless," announced the next day that it would no longer be a part of the talks and would resume its nuclear weapons program.<br><br>U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Christopher Hill, far left, joined other representatives who make up the members of the Six Party Talks, July 26, 2005. AFP/Getty Images

In an unprecedented cultural exchange between the United States and North Korea, a country President George W. Bush had labeled as part of the "Axis of Evil" six years earlier, members of the North Korean audience listen to the New York Philharmonic orchestra during its inaugural performance in Pyongyang on Feb. 26, 2008. Mark Ralston/AFP/Getty Images

North Korea's Workers' Party newspaper, Rodong Sinmun, released a photograph that showed Kim Jong-un, left, posing with his father, then-leader Kim Jong-il, in an unspecified location. The photograph is believed to have been taken shortly after January 2009, when the younger Kim was designated as Kim Jong-il's heir apparent. EPA

Former U.S. President Bill Clinton made a surprise visit to North Korea in 2009 as a private citizen and within 20 hours won the release of Laura Ling and Euna Lee, two jailed American journalists. Clinton dined with reclusive leader Kim Jong Il and sat for a picture with Kim in this photo released by North Korean official news agency KCNA. Korean Central News Agency/REUTERS

North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, left, and his son and future leader, Kim Jong Un, review a military parade marking the 65th anniversary of the founding of the ruling Workers Party of Korea in Pyongyang, Oct. 10, 2010. It has been noted that Kim Jong Un strongly resembles his grandfather, Kim Il Sung. Kyodo News via Getty Images

Because of ongoing threats from North Korea, South Koreans participate in many civil defense drills throughout the year. Elementary school students wear gas masks during one of those drills at a shelter in Seoul on March 15, 2011. Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

Kim Jong Il died of a heart attack on Dec. 17, 2011, while traveling on a train outside of Pyongyang. He had ruled North Korea for 17 years after taking the mantle of leadership from his father, Kim Il Sung, the founder of North Korea. <br><br> Kim Jong Un salutes as he walks beside the hearse carrying his father’s coffin in Pyongyang on Dec. 28, 2011. The younger Kim's uncle and presumed guardian, Jang Song Thaek, a vice chairman of the National Defense Commission, is behind him. Jang was convicted of treason in 2013 and executed. Kyodo News/Getty Images

On April 5, 2009, North Korea attempted to put a satellite into orbit, but the mission failed and the rocket fell into the Pacific Ocean. Security analysts believed this was yet another attempt for North Korea to test its rocket program. The launch prompted the UN National Security Council to go into emergency session and issue a statement condemning the action.<br><br>A photograph of the launch hangs at the Three Revolutions exhibition hall in Pyongyang, North Korea. Ng Han Guan/AP Photo

In an effort to send messages to citizens of North Korea, defectors now living in South Korea launch balloons near the border and watch them float across the DMZ into North Korea. The payloads will range from propaganda leaflets, condemning the leader, Kim Jong Un, to winter clothing for babies and young children.<br><br>Balloons carrying propaganda leaflets denouncing North Korea's nuclear test at Imjingak are launched near the DMZ on Feb. 16, 2013, in Paju, South Korea. Getty Images

A North Korean soldier points his camera at U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, left, as he photographs him through a window at the Joint Security Area that sits on the border of the DMZ in Panmunjom, South Korea. During his September 2013 visit, Hagel made clear that the U.S. was not contemplating any reduction of its military forces in the area. His visit was timed to be part of the celebrations marking the 60th anniversary of the armistice that aimed to, "insure a complete cessation of hostilities and of all acts of armed force in Korea until a final peaceful settlement is achieved." Getty Images

A photograph showing a night time view of the Korean Peninsula made from the International Space Station, Jan. 30, 2014. Unlike daylight images, city lights at night illustrate dramatically the relative economic power and importance of cities, as gauged by relative size. North Korea is almost completely dark compared to neighboring South Korea, lower right, and China at left. Pyongyang, the capital of North Korea, is the small light in the center of this photo, while Seoul, the capital of South Korea, is the large cluster, center right. NASA

The Korean Central News Agency was established in 1946 and is the central vehicle in which news about North Korea is disseminated for foreign consumption. Considered propaganda by western news agencies, the KCNA releases photographs that serve to highlight the message that North Korea is attempting to send and its Twitter feed carries images that frequently show a smiling, happy Kim Jong Un.<br><br> North Korean leader Kim Jong Un smiles during a visit to the Chonji Lubricant Factory in this undated photo released by the KCNA in Pyongyang on Aug. 6, 2014. Korean Central News Agency/REUTERS

Tour groups visiting the Joint Security Area of the DMZ are allowed to visit the site but visitors must adhere to a strict dress code as well as sign a document stating, “The visit to the Joint Security Area at Panmunjom will entail entry into a hostile area and possibility of injury or death as a direct result of enemy action."<br><br> A South Korean and U.S. soldier, foreground, standing at the military demarcation line separating North and South Korea within the JSA and watching North Korean soldiers on Nov. 1, 2014, in Panmunjom, South Korea. Ute Grabowsky/Photothek via Getty Images

Kim Jong Il was said to be a big fan of the NBA and Chicago Bulls and appears to have passed his love of the game to his son.<br><br>Former Chicago Bulls star Dennis Rodman, right, and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un chat while watching an exhibition basketball game between American and North Korean players at the Pyongyang Indoor Stadium on Jan. 8, 2014. Kim's wife Ri Sol Ju is seen sitting next to Kim. The game was held to celebrate Kim's birthday. Kyodo News via Getty Images

Many Korean families were separated when the Korean War began and have gone for decades not knowing the condition of their loved ones. A family reunion program organized by the two countries has been hosting face-to-face reunions where family members can meet while officials from North and South Korea observe. For many divided families, this will be the last time that they will see each other. <br><br> North Korean Ri Mun-Woo, left, holds the face of her brother, South Korean Lee Cheon-Woo, as they bid farewell following their family reunion on Oct. 22, 2015, in Mount Kumgang, North Korea. Korea Press Photographers Assoc./Getty Images

Thousands of brightly colored ribbons adorn the barbed wire fence at the Imjingak Peace Park at the South Korean border city of Paju near the Demilitarized Zone on Jan. 1, 2016. The ribbons have messages written on them ranging from family members honoring their relatives who are still in the North, to wishes for a peaceful re-unification of the Korean Peninsula. Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

North Korea has a record of detaining American citizens on charges ranging from illegal entry into the country to espionage to "hostile acts."<br><br>Otto Frederick Warmbier cried and bowed at a press conference on Feb. 29, 2016 after he was arrested on Jan. 2 for allegedly committing "an anti-state, hostile act"— stealing a propaganda poster from his hotel. He was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor, but the U.S. State Department announced his release on June 13, 2017. He died on June 19, 2017, six days after returning to the United States in a coma. Kyodo/AP Photo

A South Korean honor guard carries the boxes containing the remains of 15 South Korean and two American soldiers killed inside North Korea during the war. The joint repatriation ceremony was held at Knight Field at Yongsan garrison in Seoul on April 28, 2016. There have been several of these ceremonies throughout the years, including one which was held at the Joint Security Area in 2012. At this ceremony three North Korean Army officers were allowed to step over the demarcation line to inspect the remains of North Korean soldiers before they were passed across to North Korean honor guards. Jeon Heon Kyun/AFP/Getty Images

In the shadow of the Hushan section of the Great Wall of China, a fence marks the North Korean-China border on an island in the Yalu River near the North Korean town of Sinuiju and the Chinese border city of Dandong. China has been re-enforcing the fence over fears of an influx of refugees fleeing North Korea. Greg Baker/AFP/Getty Images

North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is seen talking to scientists and technicians involved in nuclear weapons research at an undisclosed location in North Korea in an undated photo released by the Korean Central News Agency. North Korea claims it has developed the technology to fit a nuclear warhead on a missile. The device in the picture, jokingly referred to by some as "the disco ball," could be a model based on a real nuclear weapon design. North Korean Central News Agency/EPA

On April 18, 2017, the U.S. Pacific Command announced that the USS Carl Vinson Strike Group was heading to the Western Pacific. The nuclear powered aircraft carrier, surrounded by U.S. and South Korean support vessels, patrols in the Western Pacific Ocean on May 3, 2017. U.S. Navy via Getty Images

On May 15, 2017, the UN Security Council strongly condemned North Korea's latest ballistic missile test and vowed strong measures, including more sanctions, to derail Pyongyang's nuclear weapons program. Pyongyang said the new weapon, called the Hwasong-12, was capable of carrying a "heavy nuclear warhead."<br><br> North Koreans gather at a street-side newsstand in Pyongyang, reading a copy of the Rodong Sinmun newspaper featuring coverage of the May 14 North Korean rocket test. Kim Won-Jin/AFP/Getty Images

This picture taken on July 4, 2017 and released by North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) on July 5, 2017 shows the successful test-fire of the intercontinental ballistic missile Hwasong-14 at an undisclosed location. KCNA via AFP/Getty Images

Kim Jong-un, center, during a briefing by scientists at the Nuclear Weapons Institute on the details of the country's nuclear weapons program. The North Korean leader inspected what was said to be a hydrogen bomb that could fit into an ICBM missile. KCNA via Polaris

Unified Korea's flagbearers, North Korea's ice hockey player Hwang Chung Gum, left, and South Korea's bobsledder Won Yun-jong, lead the Unified Korea's delegation as they parade during the opening ceremony of the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympic Games, Feb. 9, 2018. Aris Messinis/AFP/Getty Images

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, left, takes the hand of South Korean President Moon Jae-in as the two cross the military demarcation line to the north side upon meeting for the Inter-Korean Summit April 27, 2018 in Panmunjom, South Korea. Korea Summit Press Pool/Getty Images

President Donald Trump speaks at Joint Base Andrews outside of Washington, D.C., after he welcomed home the three Americans that were detained in North Korea. From left, Tony Kim, Trump, Kim Dong Chul and Kin Hak Song. U.S. Secy of State Mike Pompeo stands in the background, May 10, 2018. Erin Scott/Polaris

Standing before North Korean and American flags, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un shakes hands with President Donald Trump during their historic U.S.-Democratic People's Republic of Korea summit at the Capella Hotel on Sentosa island on June 12, 2018 in Singapore. Getty ImagesThe Korean war started in 1950 and although the fighting stopped with the 1953 armistice, recent tensions on the Korean Peninsula are once again drawing attention to this part of the world. <br><br> A North Korean soldier looks through the window of the building that sits on the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) in Panmunjom, South Korea, that separates the two Koreas, July 21, 2010. Mark Wilson/Getty Images

“If North Korea were to dramatically implode, most analysts expect a wave of refugees headed toward China, South Korea or even Japan,” Robert Kelly, an associate professor of political science at Pusan University in South Korea, wrote in an email to ABC News. The refugee flow could be “on the same scale as Syria but perhaps with even greater desperation.” <br><br> Thousands fled the battle zones when the North Korean communist army, backed by the Soviet Union, crossed the 38th Parallel and invaded South Korea on June 25, 1950. Getty Images

The battle of Inchon was an amphibious invasion that was a decisive victory for the U.N. and American troops in the early months of the Korean War. <br> <br> U.S. Marines in a naval landing craft arrive at the port with the battle raging in the background. The operation involved 75,000 troops and 261 naval vessels. The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images

Gen. Douglas MacArthur was the commander of both the U.N. and U.S. forces -- known as the United Nations Command (UNC) -- and he accompanied U.S. troops on their invasion of Inchon harbor, keeping in close touch with the fighting soldiers as they drove inland. Just five years earlier in 1945, MacArthur accepted Japan’s surrender in WWII aboard the USS Missouri. Bettmann Archive/Getty Images

North Korean troops were able to capture the city of Seoul within three days of their invasion and continued to push southward. <br><br> An elderly resident of Seoul walks through one of the streets in the capital city, destroyed during bitter fighting between South Korean forces and North Korean troops. Bettmann Archive/Getty Images

U.S. Marines recaptured Seoul within two weeks of landing at Inchon. <br><br> An American soldier engages North Korean soldiers as others duck for cover during street combat in the Korean War. The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images

The Department of Veterans Affairs put the U.S. Battle Deaths at 33,739 and “other deaths in theater” at 2,835. There are still 7,800 U.S. soldiers still unaccounted for according to the U.S. Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency. <br><br> An American soldier comforts a fellow infantryman whose close friend had been killed in action in the Haktong-ni area, Korea, August 1950. A corpsman fills out casualty tags in the background. Getty Images

After the end of WW II and the surrender of Japan, Kim Il Sung returned to Korea to establish a communist provisional government, becoming the Communist leader of North Korea in 1948. Kim, seen at right in the front row, is shown with a group of uniformed Russian advisers in November 1950. The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images

The Korean Truce was signed on July 27, 1953. The armistice was designed to “insure a complete cessation of hostilities and of all acts of armed force in Korea until a final peaceful settlement is achieved." It was not a peace treaty and a state of war still technically exists between the two Koreas. <br><br> During the Panmunjom cease-fire talks on Oct. 11, 1951, Col. James Murray Jr., of the U.S. Marines, and Col. Chang Chun San, of the North Korean Communist Army, initial maps showing the northern and southern boundaries of the demarcation zone. Corbis via Getty Images

China has long played a vital role as one of North Korea’s closest allies. The Sino-North Korean Mutual Aid and Cooperation Friendship Treaty pledging friendship, cooperation and mutual assistance was signed by the leaders of China and North Korea. Chinese Premier Zhou Enlai, left, appears with Kim Il Sung of Communist North Korea, who waves to the crowds after arriving in Beijing on an earlier state visit in November 1958. Bettmann Archive/Getty Images

On Oct. 24, 1952, while running for president, Dwight D. Eisenhower pledged in a campaign speech to personally visit Korea. “There is a Korean War, and we are fighting it for the simplest of reasons; because free leadership failed to check and to turn back Communist ambition before it savagely attacked us.” <br><br> President-elect Eisenhower travels in a motorcade in South Korea in December 1952. The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images

Throughout the years, massive, colorful parades have become the stage for the North Korean military to show off its military might. Intelligence and security analysts study the videos and photographs for insights to North Korea’s missile program. The parades are attended by thousands of North Korean citizens and members of the military.<br><br> Pyongyang citizens parade to celebrate the 15th anniversary of the founding of North Korea in Kim II Sung Plaza, Sept. 9, 1963. AP Photo

Officers and crew of the United States Navy ship USS Pueblo are led away after being captured by North Korean forces on Jan. 23, 1968. The Navy intelligence ship and 82 surviving sailors were taken to the port of Wonsan and moved twice to POW camps. The crew, upon release eleven months later, spoke of being tortured during their imprisonment. Bettmann Archive/Getty Images

The USS Pueblo, shown here in August 2007, is docked along the Taedong River in Pyongyang, the nation's capital, and has been turned into a museum and tourist attraction. The ship is still considered and listed as a commissioned U.S. Naval vessel. Throughout the years, the U.S. government has made attempts get the USS Pueblo back, but to no avail. MCT via Getty Images

Two American officers, Arthur Bonifas and Mark Barrett, were killed when North Korean soldiers attacked members of the UNC (United Nations Command) with axes near checkpoint No. 3 in the JSA of the Korean DMZ, Aug. 18, 1976. They had been trimming the branches of a poplar tree in the DMZ when the incident took place. Three days later, American and South Korean military forces returned to the site unannounced and in an overwhelming display of force, cut the tree down, surprising their North Korean counterparts who could only stand and watch. Popperfoto/Getty Images

One of the few places along the DMZ in which military officers from both sides can sit across a table, look each other in the eye and speak to each other, is the Joint Security Area (JSA) in Panmunjom near the 38th parallel. The JSA has been used for diplomatic engagements and military negotiations between North Korea and the United Nations Command (UNC). <br><br> American and South Korean delegations, at right, talk to their North Korean counterparts inside one of the buildings at the JSA, in the DMZ, February 1988. The border runs down the middle of the table. Gerhard Joren/LightRocket/Getty Images

“The Great Leader,” Kim Il Sung, left, with his son, Kim Jong Il, inspects a soccer ground in Pyongyang in 1992. Kim Jong Il, who became known as “The Dear Leader,” succeeded his father after his death in 1994. AFP/Getty Images

Conflicts between the two countries are not just on land as the seas off of the Korean coast have also been the scene of disputes between the countries Naval forces. Forty-six South Korean sailors lost their lives when their patrol boat, the Cheonan, was split in two by an explosion on March 26, 2010. South Korean military intelligence claimed that a North Korean torpedo sank the ship. <br><br> A giant floating crane lifts the Cheonan out of the water to place it on a barge on April 15, 2010. Hong Jin-Hwan/AFP/Getty Images

By the late 1980s, U.S. analysts believed North Korea was trying to build a nuclear bomb. Former President Jimmy Carter visited North Korea in 1994 and met with Kim Il Sung, helping to defuse tensions and paving the way for the 1994 Agreed Framework. As part of the agreement, North Korea agreed to give up their pursuit of nuclear weapons in exchange for aid with the country’s energy shortage. By 2002, U.S. intelligence became convinced that the North Koreans were pursuing an enrichment program, and by 2003, the agreement had fallen apart. UIG/Getty Images

General Raymond Davis, President Bill Clinton, and South Korean President Kim Young Sam stand alongside the Korean War Veterans Memorial during the 1995 dedication ceremony in Washington, D.C. The memorial commemorates the sacrifices of the 5.8 million Americans who served in the U.S. Armed Services during the three-year period of the Korean War. Wally McNamee/Corbis via Getty Images

Famine and food shortages in North Korea have been common throughout the country’s history due to weather, lack of good farmland and the government’s economic policies.<br><br> Dock workers unload a shipment of American wheat at the port of Hungnam. The arrival of 100,000 tons of U.S. wheat in May 1999 allowed the United Nations World Food Program to increase its rations for primary schoolchildren and the elderly for May and June -- the hardest months of the year in North Korea's famine. Peter Smerdon/AFP/Getty Images

More than 70 percent of the population of North Korea – or 25.16 million people – suffer from food insecurity and a quarter of children under the age of 5 suffer stunted growth due to malnourishment, according to a report from the United Nations World Food Program. <br><br> Three-year-old North Korean, Jong Song Chol, is fed a vitamin and mineral-enriched porridge supplied by the UN World Food Program at a hospital in Sinyang County on Aug. 4, 2004, in South Pyongyang Province, North Korea. Gerald Bourke/World Food Program/Getty Images

Promising "to broaden understanding between North and South Korea," South Korean President Kim Dae Jung traveled to Pyongyang in June of 2000 and met with North Korean President Kim Jong Il. It was the first time that leaders from the two countries had met face to face. <br><br>South Korean President Kim Dae-jung, left, and North Korean leader Kim Jong Il hold hands as they sing, "Our dream is reunification." The two met for a three-day summit in June of 2000. AFP/Getty Images

In an attempt to end North Korea's isolation and remove the threat of war in one of the world's most volatile regions, Secretary of State Madeleine Albright flew to Pyongyang to meet with the North Korean leader. <br><br>North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, left, toasts U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright at a state dinner in Pyongyang, Oct. 24, 2000. AFP/Getty Images

Officials of the Korean Peninsula Energy Development Organization (KEDO) place the first concrete in the foundation for a nuclear reactor in the Light Water Reactor project, created under the so-called Agreed Framework. It was signed by Pyongyang and Washington in 1994 at Kumho on North Korea's northeastern coast, Aug. 7, 2002. AFP/Getty Images

China, Japan, North Korea, Russia, South Korea and the U.S. made up the Six Party Talks established in 2003 to de-nuclearize the North Korean weapons program. The talks ended in 2009 after North Korea attempted to launch a satellite which crashed into the Pacific Ocean. North Korea, citing the talks as "useless," announced the next day that it would no longer be a part of the talks and would resume its nuclear weapons program.<br><br>U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Christopher Hill, far left, joined other representatives who make up the members of the Six Party Talks, July 26, 2005. AFP/Getty Images

In an unprecedented cultural exchange between the United States and North Korea, a country President George W. Bush had labeled as part of the "Axis of Evil" six years earlier, members of the North Korean audience listen to the New York Philharmonic orchestra during its inaugural performance in Pyongyang on Feb. 26, 2008. Mark Ralston/AFP/Getty Images

North Korea's Workers' Party newspaper, Rodong Sinmun, released a photograph that showed Kim Jong-un, left, posing with his father, then-leader Kim Jong-il, in an unspecified location. The photograph is believed to have been taken shortly after January 2009, when the younger Kim was designated as Kim Jong-il's heir apparent. EPA

Former U.S. President Bill Clinton made a surprise visit to North Korea in 2009 as a private citizen and within 20 hours won the release of Laura Ling and Euna Lee, two jailed American journalists. Clinton dined with reclusive leader Kim Jong Il and sat for a picture with Kim in this photo released by North Korean official news agency KCNA. Korean Central News Agency/REUTERS

North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, left, and his son and future leader, Kim Jong Un, review a military parade marking the 65th anniversary of the founding of the ruling Workers Party of Korea in Pyongyang, Oct. 10, 2010. It has been noted that Kim Jong Un strongly resembles his grandfather, Kim Il Sung. Kyodo News via Getty Images

Because of ongoing threats from North Korea, South Koreans participate in many civil defense drills throughout the year. Elementary school students wear gas masks during one of those drills at a shelter in Seoul on March 15, 2011. Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

Kim Jong Il died of a heart attack on Dec. 17, 2011, while traveling on a train outside of Pyongyang. He had ruled North Korea for 17 years after taking the mantle of leadership from his father, Kim Il Sung, the founder of North Korea. <br><br> Kim Jong Un salutes as he walks beside the hearse carrying his father’s coffin in Pyongyang on Dec. 28, 2011. The younger Kim's uncle and presumed guardian, Jang Song Thaek, a vice chairman of the National Defense Commission, is behind him. Jang was convicted of treason in 2013 and executed. Kyodo News/Getty Images

On April 5, 2009, North Korea attempted to put a satellite into orbit, but the mission failed and the rocket fell into the Pacific Ocean. Security analysts believed this was yet another attempt for North Korea to test its rocket program. The launch prompted the UN National Security Council to go into emergency session and issue a statement condemning the action.<br><br>A photograph of the launch hangs at the Three Revolutions exhibition hall in Pyongyang, North Korea. Ng Han Guan/AP Photo

In an effort to send messages to citizens of North Korea, defectors now living in South Korea launch balloons near the border and watch them float across the DMZ into North Korea. The payloads will range from propaganda leaflets, condemning the leader, Kim Jong Un, to winter clothing for babies and young children.<br><br>Balloons carrying propaganda leaflets denouncing North Korea's nuclear test at Imjingak are launched near the DMZ on Feb. 16, 2013, in Paju, South Korea. Getty Images

A North Korean soldier points his camera at U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, left, as he photographs him through a window at the Joint Security Area that sits on the border of the DMZ in Panmunjom, South Korea. During his September 2013 visit, Hagel made clear that the U.S. was not contemplating any reduction of its military forces in the area. His visit was timed to be part of the celebrations marking the 60th anniversary of the armistice that aimed to, "insure a complete cessation of hostilities and of all acts of armed force in Korea until a final peaceful settlement is achieved." Getty Images

A photograph showing a night time view of the Korean Peninsula made from the International Space Station, Jan. 30, 2014. Unlike daylight images, city lights at night illustrate dramatically the relative economic power and importance of cities, as gauged by relative size. North Korea is almost completely dark compared to neighboring South Korea, lower right, and China at left. Pyongyang, the capital of North Korea, is the small light in the center of this photo, while Seoul, the capital of South Korea, is the large cluster, center right. NASA

The Korean Central News Agency was established in 1946 and is the central vehicle in which news about North Korea is disseminated for foreign consumption. Considered propaganda by western news agencies, the KCNA releases photographs that serve to highlight the message that North Korea is attempting to send and its Twitter feed carries images that frequently show a smiling, happy Kim Jong Un.<br><br> North Korean leader Kim Jong Un smiles during a visit to the Chonji Lubricant Factory in this undated photo released by the KCNA in Pyongyang on Aug. 6, 2014. Korean Central News Agency/REUTERS

Tour groups visiting the Joint Security Area of the DMZ are allowed to visit the site but visitors must adhere to a strict dress code as well as sign a document stating, “The visit to the Joint Security Area at Panmunjom will entail entry into a hostile area and possibility of injury or death as a direct result of enemy action."<br><br> A South Korean and U.S. soldier, foreground, standing at the military demarcation line separating North and South Korea within the JSA and watching North Korean soldiers on Nov. 1, 2014, in Panmunjom, South Korea. Ute Grabowsky/Photothek via Getty Images

Kim Jong Il was said to be a big fan of the NBA and Chicago Bulls and appears to have passed his love of the game to his son.<br><br>Former Chicago Bulls star Dennis Rodman, right, and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un chat while watching an exhibition basketball game between American and North Korean players at the Pyongyang Indoor Stadium on Jan. 8, 2014. Kim's wife Ri Sol Ju is seen sitting next to Kim. The game was held to celebrate Kim's birthday. Kyodo News via Getty Images

Many Korean families were separated when the Korean War began and have gone for decades not knowing the condition of their loved ones. A family reunion program organized by the two countries has been hosting face-to-face reunions where family members can meet while officials from North and South Korea observe. For many divided families, this will be the last time that they will see each other. <br><br> North Korean Ri Mun-Woo, left, holds the face of her brother, South Korean Lee Cheon-Woo, as they bid farewell following their family reunion on Oct. 22, 2015, in Mount Kumgang, North Korea. Korea Press Photographers Assoc./Getty Images

Thousands of brightly colored ribbons adorn the barbed wire fence at the Imjingak Peace Park at the South Korean border city of Paju near the Demilitarized Zone on Jan. 1, 2016. The ribbons have messages written on them ranging from family members honoring their relatives who are still in the North, to wishes for a peaceful re-unification of the Korean Peninsula. Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

North Korea has a record of detaining American citizens on charges ranging from illegal entry into the country to espionage to "hostile acts."<br><br>Otto Frederick Warmbier cried and bowed at a press conference on Feb. 29, 2016 after he was arrested on Jan. 2 for allegedly committing "an anti-state, hostile act"— stealing a propaganda poster from his hotel. He was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor, but the U.S. State Department announced his release on June 13, 2017. He died on June 19, 2017, six days after returning to the United States in a coma. Kyodo/AP Photo

A South Korean honor guard carries the boxes containing the remains of 15 South Korean and two American soldiers killed inside North Korea during the war. The joint repatriation ceremony was held at Knight Field at Yongsan garrison in Seoul on April 28, 2016. There have been several of these ceremonies throughout the years, including one which was held at the Joint Security Area in 2012. At this ceremony three North Korean Army officers were allowed to step over the demarcation line to inspect the remains of North Korean soldiers before they were passed across to North Korean honor guards. Jeon Heon Kyun/AFP/Getty Images

In the shadow of the Hushan section of the Great Wall of China, a fence marks the North Korean-China border on an island in the Yalu River near the North Korean town of Sinuiju and the Chinese border city of Dandong. China has been re-enforcing the fence over fears of an influx of refugees fleeing North Korea. Greg Baker/AFP/Getty Images

North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is seen talking to scientists and technicians involved in nuclear weapons research at an undisclosed location in North Korea in an undated photo released by the Korean Central News Agency. North Korea claims it has developed the technology to fit a nuclear warhead on a missile. The device in the picture, jokingly referred to by some as "the disco ball," could be a model based on a real nuclear weapon design. North Korean Central News Agency/EPA

On April 18, 2017, the U.S. Pacific Command announced that the USS Carl Vinson Strike Group was heading to the Western Pacific. The nuclear powered aircraft carrier, surrounded by U.S. and South Korean support vessels, patrols in the Western Pacific Ocean on May 3, 2017. U.S. Navy via Getty Images

On May 15, 2017, the UN Security Council strongly condemned North Korea's latest ballistic missile test and vowed strong measures, including more sanctions, to derail Pyongyang's nuclear weapons program. Pyongyang said the new weapon, called the Hwasong-12, was capable of carrying a "heavy nuclear warhead."<br><br> North Koreans gather at a street-side newsstand in Pyongyang, reading a copy of the Rodong Sinmun newspaper featuring coverage of the May 14 North Korean rocket test. Kim Won-Jin/AFP/Getty Images

This picture taken on July 4, 2017 and released by North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) on July 5, 2017 shows the successful test-fire of the intercontinental ballistic missile Hwasong-14 at an undisclosed location. KCNA via AFP/Getty Images

Kim Jong-un, center, during a briefing by scientists at the Nuclear Weapons Institute on the details of the country's nuclear weapons program. The North Korean leader inspected what was said to be a hydrogen bomb that could fit into an ICBM missile. KCNA via Polaris

Unified Korea's flagbearers, North Korea's ice hockey player Hwang Chung Gum, left, and South Korea's bobsledder Won Yun-jong, lead the Unified Korea's delegation as they parade during the opening ceremony of the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympic Games, Feb. 9, 2018. Aris Messinis/AFP/Getty Images

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, left, takes the hand of South Korean President Moon Jae-in as the two cross the military demarcation line to the north side upon meeting for the Inter-Korean Summit April 27, 2018 in Panmunjom, South Korea. Korea Summit Press Pool/Getty Images

President Donald Trump speaks at Joint Base Andrews outside of Washington, D.C., after he welcomed home the three Americans that were detained in North Korea. From left, Tony Kim, Trump, Kim Dong Chul and Kin Hak Song. U.S. Secy of State Mike Pompeo stands in the background, May 10, 2018. Erin Scott/Polaris

Standing before North Korean and American flags, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un shakes hands with President Donald Trump during their historic U.S.-Democratic People's Republic of Korea summit at the Capella Hotel on Sentosa island on June 12, 2018 in Singapore. Getty ImagesThe Korean war started in 1950 and although the fighting stopped with the 1953 armistice, recent tensions on the Korean Peninsula are once again drawing attention to this part of the world. <br><br> A North Korean soldier looks through the window of the building that sits on the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) in Panmunjom, South Korea, that separates the two Koreas, July 21, 2010. Mark Wilson/Getty Images

“If North Korea were to dramatically implode, most analysts expect a wave of refugees headed toward China, South Korea or even Japan,” Robert Kelly, an associate professor of political science at Pusan University in South Korea, wrote in an email to ABC News. The refugee flow could be “on the same scale as Syria but perhaps with even greater desperation.” <br><br> Thousands fled the battle zones when the North Korean communist army, backed by the Soviet Union, crossed the 38th Parallel and invaded South Korea on June 25, 1950. Getty Images

The battle of Inchon was an amphibious invasion that was a decisive victory for the U.N. and American troops in the early months of the Korean War. <br> <br> U.S. Marines in a naval landing craft arrive at the port with the battle raging in the background. The operation involved 75,000 troops and 261 naval vessels. The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images

Gen. Douglas MacArthur was the commander of both the U.N. and U.S. forces -- known as the United Nations Command (UNC) -- and he accompanied U.S. troops on their invasion of Inchon harbor, keeping in close touch with the fighting soldiers as they drove inland. Just five years earlier in 1945, MacArthur accepted Japan’s surrender in WWII aboard the USS Missouri. Bettmann Archive/Getty Images

North Korean troops were able to capture the city of Seoul within three days of their invasion and continued to push southward. <br><br> An elderly resident of Seoul walks through one of the streets in the capital city, destroyed during bitter fighting between South Korean forces and North Korean troops. Bettmann Archive/Getty Images

U.S. Marines recaptured Seoul within two weeks of landing at Inchon. <br><br> An American soldier engages North Korean soldiers as others duck for cover during street combat in the Korean War. The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images

The Department of Veterans Affairs put the U.S. Battle Deaths at 33,739 and “other deaths in theater” at 2,835. There are still 7,800 U.S. soldiers still unaccounted for according to the U.S. Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency. <br><br> An American soldier comforts a fellow infantryman whose close friend had been killed in action in the Haktong-ni area, Korea, August 1950. A corpsman fills out casualty tags in the background. Getty Images

After the end of WW II and the surrender of Japan, Kim Il Sung returned to Korea to establish a communist provisional government, becoming the Communist leader of North Korea in 1948. Kim, seen at right in the front row, is shown with a group of uniformed Russian advisers in November 1950. The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images

The Korean Truce was signed on July 27, 1953. The armistice was designed to “insure a complete cessation of hostilities and of all acts of armed force in Korea until a final peaceful settlement is achieved." It was not a peace treaty and a state of war still technically exists between the two Koreas. <br><br> During the Panmunjom cease-fire talks on Oct. 11, 1951, Col. James Murray Jr., of the U.S. Marines, and Col. Chang Chun San, of the North Korean Communist Army, initial maps showing the northern and southern boundaries of the demarcation zone. Corbis via Getty Images

China has long played a vital role as one of North Korea’s closest allies. The Sino-North Korean Mutual Aid and Cooperation Friendship Treaty pledging friendship, cooperation and mutual assistance was signed by the leaders of China and North Korea. Chinese Premier Zhou Enlai, left, appears with Kim Il Sung of Communist North Korea, who waves to the crowds after arriving in Beijing on an earlier state visit in November 1958. Bettmann Archive/Getty Images

On Oct. 24, 1952, while running for president, Dwight D. Eisenhower pledged in a campaign speech to personally visit Korea. “There is a Korean War, and we are fighting it for the simplest of reasons; because free leadership failed to check and to turn back Communist ambition before it savagely attacked us.” <br><br> President-elect Eisenhower travels in a motorcade in South Korea in December 1952. The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images

Throughout the years, massive, colorful parades have become the stage for the North Korean military to show off its military might. Intelligence and security analysts study the videos and photographs for insights to North Korea’s missile program. The parades are attended by thousands of North Korean citizens and members of the military.<br><br> Pyongyang citizens parade to celebrate the 15th anniversary of the founding of North Korea in Kim II Sung Plaza, Sept. 9, 1963. AP Photo

Officers and crew of the United States Navy ship USS Pueblo are led away after being captured by North Korean forces on Jan. 23, 1968. The Navy intelligence ship and 82 surviving sailors were taken to the port of Wonsan and moved twice to POW camps. The crew, upon release eleven months later, spoke of being tortured during their imprisonment. Bettmann Archive/Getty Images

The USS Pueblo, shown here in August 2007, is docked along the Taedong River in Pyongyang, the nation's capital, and has been turned into a museum and tourist attraction. The ship is still considered and listed as a commissioned U.S. Naval vessel. Throughout the years, the U.S. government has made attempts get the USS Pueblo back, but to no avail. MCT via Getty Images

Two American officers, Arthur Bonifas and Mark Barrett, were killed when North Korean soldiers attacked members of the UNC (United Nations Command) with axes near checkpoint No. 3 in the JSA of the Korean DMZ, Aug. 18, 1976. They had been trimming the branches of a poplar tree in the DMZ when the incident took place. Three days later, American and South Korean military forces returned to the site unannounced and in an overwhelming display of force, cut the tree down, surprising their North Korean counterparts who could only stand and watch. Popperfoto/Getty Images

One of the few places along the DMZ in which military officers from both sides can sit across a table, look each other in the eye and speak to each other, is the Joint Security Area (JSA) in Panmunjom near the 38th parallel. The JSA has been used for diplomatic engagements and military negotiations between North Korea and the United Nations Command (UNC). <br><br> American and South Korean delegations, at right, talk to their North Korean counterparts inside one of the buildings at the JSA, in the DMZ, February 1988. The border runs down the middle of the table. Gerhard Joren/LightRocket/Getty Images

“The Great Leader,” Kim Il Sung, left, with his son, Kim Jong Il, inspects a soccer ground in Pyongyang in 1992. Kim Jong Il, who became known as “The Dear Leader,” succeeded his father after his death in 1994. AFP/Getty Images

Conflicts between the two countries are not just on land as the seas off of the Korean coast have also been the scene of disputes between the countries Naval forces. Forty-six South Korean sailors lost their lives when their patrol boat, the Cheonan, was split in two by an explosion on March 26, 2010. South Korean military intelligence claimed that a North Korean torpedo sank the ship. <br><br> A giant floating crane lifts the Cheonan out of the water to place it on a barge on April 15, 2010. Hong Jin-Hwan/AFP/Getty Images

By the late 1980s, U.S. analysts believed North Korea was trying to build a nuclear bomb. Former President Jimmy Carter visited North Korea in 1994 and met with Kim Il Sung, helping to defuse tensions and paving the way for the 1994 Agreed Framework. As part of the agreement, North Korea agreed to give up their pursuit of nuclear weapons in exchange for aid with the country’s energy shortage. By 2002, U.S. intelligence became convinced that the North Koreans were pursuing an enrichment program, and by 2003, the agreement had fallen apart. UIG/Getty Images

General Raymond Davis, President Bill Clinton, and South Korean President Kim Young Sam stand alongside the Korean War Veterans Memorial during the 1995 dedication ceremony in Washington, D.C. The memorial commemorates the sacrifices of the 5.8 million Americans who served in the U.S. Armed Services during the three-year period of the Korean War. Wally McNamee/Corbis via Getty Images

Famine and food shortages in North Korea have been common throughout the country’s history due to weather, lack of good farmland and the government’s economic policies.<br><br> Dock workers unload a shipment of American wheat at the port of Hungnam. The arrival of 100,000 tons of U.S. wheat in May 1999 allowed the United Nations World Food Program to increase its rations for primary schoolchildren and the elderly for May and June -- the hardest months of the year in North Korea's famine. Peter Smerdon/AFP/Getty Images

More than 70 percent of the population of North Korea – or 25.16 million people – suffer from food insecurity and a quarter of children under the age of 5 suffer stunted growth due to malnourishment, according to a report from the United Nations World Food Program. <br><br> Three-year-old North Korean, Jong Song Chol, is fed a vitamin and mineral-enriched porridge supplied by the UN World Food Program at a hospital in Sinyang County on Aug. 4, 2004, in South Pyongyang Province, North Korea. Gerald Bourke/World Food Program/Getty Images

Promising "to broaden understanding between North and South Korea," South Korean President Kim Dae Jung traveled to Pyongyang in June of 2000 and met with North Korean President Kim Jong Il. It was the first time that leaders from the two countries had met face to face. <br><br>South Korean President Kim Dae-jung, left, and North Korean leader Kim Jong Il hold hands as they sing, "Our dream is reunification." The two met for a three-day summit in June of 2000. AFP/Getty Images

In an attempt to end North Korea's isolation and remove the threat of war in one of the world's most volatile regions, Secretary of State Madeleine Albright flew to Pyongyang to meet with the North Korean leader. <br><br>North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, left, toasts U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright at a state dinner in Pyongyang, Oct. 24, 2000. AFP/Getty Images

Officials of the Korean Peninsula Energy Development Organization (KEDO) place the first concrete in the foundation for a nuclear reactor in the Light Water Reactor project, created under the so-called Agreed Framework. It was signed by Pyongyang and Washington in 1994 at Kumho on North Korea's northeastern coast, Aug. 7, 2002. AFP/Getty Images

China, Japan, North Korea, Russia, South Korea and the U.S. made up the Six Party Talks established in 2003 to de-nuclearize the North Korean weapons program. The talks ended in 2009 after North Korea attempted to launch a satellite which crashed into the Pacific Ocean. North Korea, citing the talks as "useless," announced the next day that it would no longer be a part of the talks and would resume its nuclear weapons program.<br><br>U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Christopher Hill, far left, joined other representatives who make up the members of the Six Party Talks, July 26, 2005. AFP/Getty Images

In an unprecedented cultural exchange between the United States and North Korea, a country President George W. Bush had labeled as part of the "Axis of Evil" six years earlier, members of the North Korean audience listen to the New York Philharmonic orchestra during its inaugural performance in Pyongyang on Feb. 26, 2008. Mark Ralston/AFP/Getty Images

North Korea's Workers' Party newspaper, Rodong Sinmun, released a photograph that showed Kim Jong-un, left, posing with his father, then-leader Kim Jong-il, in an unspecified location. The photograph is believed to have been taken shortly after January 2009, when the younger Kim was designated as Kim Jong-il's heir apparent. EPA

Former U.S. President Bill Clinton made a surprise visit to North Korea in 2009 as a private citizen and within 20 hours won the release of Laura Ling and Euna Lee, two jailed American journalists. Clinton dined with reclusive leader Kim Jong Il and sat for a picture with Kim in this photo released by North Korean official news agency KCNA. Korean Central News Agency/REUTERS

North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, left, and his son and future leader, Kim Jong Un, review a military parade marking the 65th anniversary of the founding of the ruling Workers Party of Korea in Pyongyang, Oct. 10, 2010. It has been noted that Kim Jong Un strongly resembles his grandfather, Kim Il Sung. Kyodo News via Getty Images

Because of ongoing threats from North Korea, South Koreans participate in many civil defense drills throughout the year. Elementary school students wear gas masks during one of those drills at a shelter in Seoul on March 15, 2011. Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

Kim Jong Il died of a heart attack on Dec. 17, 2011, while traveling on a train outside of Pyongyang. He had ruled North Korea for 17 years after taking the mantle of leadership from his father, Kim Il Sung, the founder of North Korea. <br><br> Kim Jong Un salutes as he walks beside the hearse carrying his father’s coffin in Pyongyang on Dec. 28, 2011. The younger Kim's uncle and presumed guardian, Jang Song Thaek, a vice chairman of the National Defense Commission, is behind him. Jang was convicted of treason in 2013 and executed. Kyodo News/Getty Images

On April 5, 2009, North Korea attempted to put a satellite into orbit, but the mission failed and the rocket fell into the Pacific Ocean. Security analysts believed this was yet another attempt for North Korea to test its rocket program. The launch prompted the UN National Security Council to go into emergency session and issue a statement condemning the action.<br><br>A photograph of the launch hangs at the Three Revolutions exhibition hall in Pyongyang, North Korea. Ng Han Guan/AP Photo

In an effort to send messages to citizens of North Korea, defectors now living in South Korea launch balloons near the border and watch them float across the DMZ into North Korea. The payloads will range from propaganda leaflets, condemning the leader, Kim Jong Un, to winter clothing for babies and young children.<br><br>Balloons carrying propaganda leaflets denouncing North Korea's nuclear test at Imjingak are launched near the DMZ on Feb. 16, 2013, in Paju, South Korea. Getty Images

A North Korean soldier points his camera at U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, left, as he photographs him through a window at the Joint Security Area that sits on the border of the DMZ in Panmunjom, South Korea. During his September 2013 visit, Hagel made clear that the U.S. was not contemplating any reduction of its military forces in the area. His visit was timed to be part of the celebrations marking the 60th anniversary of the armistice that aimed to, "insure a complete cessation of hostilities and of all acts of armed force in Korea until a final peaceful settlement is achieved." Getty Images

A photograph showing a night time view of the Korean Peninsula made from the International Space Station, Jan. 30, 2014. Unlike daylight images, city lights at night illustrate dramatically the relative economic power and importance of cities, as gauged by relative size. North Korea is almost completely dark compared to neighboring South Korea, lower right, and China at left. Pyongyang, the capital of North Korea, is the small light in the center of this photo, while Seoul, the capital of South Korea, is the large cluster, center right. NASA

The Korean Central News Agency was established in 1946 and is the central vehicle in which news about North Korea is disseminated for foreign consumption. Considered propaganda by western news agencies, the KCNA releases photographs that serve to highlight the message that North Korea is attempting to send and its Twitter feed carries images that frequently show a smiling, happy Kim Jong Un.<br><br> North Korean leader Kim Jong Un smiles during a visit to the Chonji Lubricant Factory in this undated photo released by the KCNA in Pyongyang on Aug. 6, 2014. Korean Central News Agency/REUTERS

Tour groups visiting the Joint Security Area of the DMZ are allowed to visit the site but visitors must adhere to a strict dress code as well as sign a document stating, “The visit to the Joint Security Area at Panmunjom will entail entry into a hostile area and possibility of injury or death as a direct result of enemy action."<br><br> A South Korean and U.S. soldier, foreground, standing at the military demarcation line separating North and South Korea within the JSA and watching North Korean soldiers on Nov. 1, 2014, in Panmunjom, South Korea. Ute Grabowsky/Photothek via Getty Images

Kim Jong Il was said to be a big fan of the NBA and Chicago Bulls and appears to have passed his love of the game to his son.<br><br>Former Chicago Bulls star Dennis Rodman, right, and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un chat while watching an exhibition basketball game between American and North Korean players at the Pyongyang Indoor Stadium on Jan. 8, 2014. Kim's wife Ri Sol Ju is seen sitting next to Kim. The game was held to celebrate Kim's birthday. Kyodo News via Getty Images

Many Korean families were separated when the Korean War began and have gone for decades not knowing the condition of their loved ones. A family reunion program organized by the two countries has been hosting face-to-face reunions where family members can meet while officials from North and South Korea observe. For many divided families, this will be the last time that they will see each other. <br><br> North Korean Ri Mun-Woo, left, holds the face of her brother, South Korean Lee Cheon-Woo, as they bid farewell following their family reunion on Oct. 22, 2015, in Mount Kumgang, North Korea. Korea Press Photographers Assoc./Getty Images

Thousands of brightly colored ribbons adorn the barbed wire fence at the Imjingak Peace Park at the South Korean border city of Paju near the Demilitarized Zone on Jan. 1, 2016. The ribbons have messages written on them ranging from family members honoring their relatives who are still in the North, to wishes for a peaceful re-unification of the Korean Peninsula. Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

North Korea has a record of detaining American citizens on charges ranging from illegal entry into the country to espionage to "hostile acts."<br><br>Otto Frederick Warmbier cried and bowed at a press conference on Feb. 29, 2016 after he was arrested on Jan. 2 for allegedly committing "an anti-state, hostile act"— stealing a propaganda poster from his hotel. He was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor, but the U.S. State Department announced his release on June 13, 2017. He died on June 19, 2017, six days after returning to the United States in a coma. Kyodo/AP Photo

A South Korean honor guard carries the boxes containing the remains of 15 South Korean and two American soldiers killed inside North Korea during the war. The joint repatriation ceremony was held at Knight Field at Yongsan garrison in Seoul on April 28, 2016. There have been several of these ceremonies throughout the years, including one which was held at the Joint Security Area in 2012. At this ceremony three North Korean Army officers were allowed to step over the demarcation line to inspect the remains of North Korean soldiers before they were passed across to North Korean honor guards. Jeon Heon Kyun/AFP/Getty Images

In the shadow of the Hushan section of the Great Wall of China, a fence marks the North Korean-China border on an island in the Yalu River near the North Korean town of Sinuiju and the Chinese border city of Dandong. China has been re-enforcing the fence over fears of an influx of refugees fleeing North Korea. Greg Baker/AFP/Getty Images

North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is seen talking to scientists and technicians involved in nuclear weapons research at an undisclosed location in North Korea in an undated photo released by the Korean Central News Agency. North Korea claims it has developed the technology to fit a nuclear warhead on a missile. The device in the picture, jokingly referred to by some as "the disco ball," could be a model based on a real nuclear weapon design. North Korean Central News Agency/EPA

On April 18, 2017, the U.S. Pacific Command announced that the USS Carl Vinson Strike Group was heading to the Western Pacific. The nuclear powered aircraft carrier, surrounded by U.S. and South Korean support vessels, patrols in the Western Pacific Ocean on May 3, 2017. U.S. Navy via Getty Images

On May 15, 2017, the UN Security Council strongly condemned North Korea's latest ballistic missile test and vowed strong measures, including more sanctions, to derail Pyongyang's nuclear weapons program. Pyongyang said the new weapon, called the Hwasong-12, was capable of carrying a "heavy nuclear warhead."<br><br> North Koreans gather at a street-side newsstand in Pyongyang, reading a copy of the Rodong Sinmun newspaper featuring coverage of the May 14 North Korean rocket test. Kim Won-Jin/AFP/Getty Images

This picture taken on July 4, 2017 and released by North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) on July 5, 2017 shows the successful test-fire of the intercontinental ballistic missile Hwasong-14 at an undisclosed location. KCNA via AFP/Getty Images

Kim Jong-un, center, during a briefing by scientists at the Nuclear Weapons Institute on the details of the country's nuclear weapons program. The North Korean leader inspected what was said to be a hydrogen bomb that could fit into an ICBM missile. KCNA via Polaris

Unified Korea's flagbearers, North Korea's ice hockey player Hwang Chung Gum, left, and South Korea's bobsledder Won Yun-jong, lead the Unified Korea's delegation as they parade during the opening ceremony of the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympic Games, Feb. 9, 2018. Aris Messinis/AFP/Getty Images

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, left, takes the hand of South Korean President Moon Jae-in as the two cross the military demarcation line to the north side upon meeting for the Inter-Korean Summit April 27, 2018 in Panmunjom, South Korea. Korea Summit Press Pool/Getty Images

President Donald Trump speaks at Joint Base Andrews outside of Washington, D.C., after he welcomed home the three Americans that were detained in North Korea. From left, Tony Kim, Trump, Kim Dong Chul and Kin Hak Song. U.S. Secy of State Mike Pompeo stands in the background, May 10, 2018. Erin Scott/Polaris

Standing before North Korean and American flags, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un shakes hands with President Donald Trump during their historic U.S.-Democratic People's Republic of Korea summit at the Capella Hotel on Sentosa island on June 12, 2018 in Singapore. Getty ImagesPolice in riot gear round up suspected protesters during a demonstration in Hong Kong, Jan. 5, 2020. Willie Siau/SOPA Images via Shutterstock

People take part in a pro-democracy march in Hong Kong on Jan. 1, 2020. Tens of thousands of protesters marched in Hong Kong during a massive pro-democracy rally on New Year's Day. Isaac Lawrence/AFP via Getty Images

Police arrest a Hong Kong protester after a Chinese flag was removed from a flag pole at a rally in Hong Kong, Dec. 22, 2019. Lucy Nicholson/Reuters

During a rally in Hong Kong to show support for the Uighur minority in China, a police officer aims a pistol at a protester, Dec. 22, 2019. Anthony Wallace/AFP via Getty Images

A woman writes a Christmas card for people who are in detention during the recent protests, at a footbridge in Mong Kok, Hong Kong, Dec. 13, 2019. Thomas Peter/Reuters

A protester holds a flag that reads: "Liberate Hong Kong, Revolution of Our Times" at a rally in Hong Kong, Dec. 12, 2019. Mark Schiefelbein/AP

Protesters hide behind umbrellas during a Human Rights Day march, organised by the Civil Human Right Front, in Hong Kong, Dec. 8, 2019. Danish Siddiqui/Reuters

A protester is detained by riot police for a stop and search during a demonstration on Dec. 8, 2019 in Hong Kong. Anthony Kwan/Getty Images

Hong Kong's pro-democracy protesters take part in a rally organized by the Civil Human Rights Front ahead of the upcoming Human Rights Day, in Hong Kong, Dec. 8, 2019. Jerome Favre/EPA via Shutterstock

A pro-Beijing supporter yells at a photographer during a rally in Hong Kong on Dec. 7, 2019. Mark Schiefelbein/AP

Masked woman and children hold a balloon and a placard reads "Guard the Future" as they attend a "No Tear Gas" rally in Hong Kong, Dec. 1, 2019. Vincent Thian/AP

Riot police hold up a black flag warning ahead of firing tear gas as people take part in a march from the Tsim Sha Tsui district to Hung Hom in Hong Kong on Dec. 1, 2019. Nicolas Asfouri/AFP via Getty Images

Pro-democracy protesters take part in a March of Gratitude rally to say thank you to the United States for their support on Dec. 01, 2019, in Hong Kong. Chris McGrath/Getty Images

Medics assist a girl who was shot below her left eye with a pepper bullet after police fired to disperse pro-democracy protesters outside the Prince Edward MTR station on Nov. 30, 2019, in Hong Kong. Chris McGrath/Getty Images

Anti-government protesters hold hands to form a human chain at Kowloon Bay in Hong Kong, Nov. 30, 2019. Leah Millis/Reuters

Demonstrators hold an SOS sign and U.S. flags during a Thanksgiving rally in Hong Kong, Nov. 28, 2019. Jerome Favre/EPA via Shutterstock

A safety team arrives to search for any remaining dangerous explosives and chemicals at the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in Hong Kong, Nov. 28, 2019. Nicolas Asfouri/AFP/Getty Images

Protesters surrender themselves to police outside the Hong Kong Polytechnic University campus in Hong Kong, Nov. 22, 2019. Kin Cheung/AP

Police detain protesters and students after they tried to flee outside the Hong Kong Polytechnic University campus in the Hung Hom district of Hong Kong on Nov. 19, 2019. Nicolas Asfouri/AFP via Getty Images

Protesters run away as riot police fire tear gas at Hong Kong Polytechnic University campus, in Hung Hom district in Hong Kong on Nov. 18, 2019. Ye Aung Thu/AFP via Getty Images

Protesters are detained by police near the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in Hung Hom district of Hong Kong on Nov. 18, 2019. Anthony Wallace/AFP via Getty Images

Police in riot gear move through a cloud of smoke as they detain a protestor at the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in Hong Kong, Nov. 18, 2019. Ng Han Guan/AP

Protesters take a rope down from a bridge to a highway, to escape from Hong Kong Polytechnic University campus and from police, in Hung Hom district in Hong Kong on Nov. 18, 2019. Ye Aung Thu/AFP via Getty Images

Anti-government protesters trapped inside Hong Kong Polytechnic University use ropes to climb down onto a highway and escape before being forced to surrender during a police besiege of the campus in Hong Kong, China, Nov. 18, 2019. HK01/Handout via Reuters

Protesters run back to the campus after police advanced while they were trying to leave Hong Kong Polytechnic University in Hung Hom district of Hong Kong on Nov. 18, 2019. Dale De La Rey/AFP via Getty Images

A riot police officer stomps on an umbrella used by pro-democracy protesters during clashes outside the Hong Kong Polytechnic University (PolyU), in Hong Kong, China, Nov. 18, 2019. Fazry Ismail/EPA-EFE/REX via Shutterstock

Anti-government demonstrators throw Molotov cocktails towards police vehicles during clashes, outside Hong Kong Polytechnic University in Hong Kong, Nov. 17, 2019. Tyrone Siu/Reuters

Demonstrators and police clash as on a bridge at The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Nov. 17, 2019, in Hong Kong. Anthony Kwan/Getty Images

Demonstrators stand outside of the Chinese University of Hong Kong, in Hong Kong, Nov. 13, 2019. Kin Cheung/AP

Riot police officers detain a demonstrator during an anti-government protest in Hong Kong, Nov. 13, 2019. Athit Perawongmetha/Reuters

Demostrators try using a catapult made with bamboo at the Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK), Nov. 13, 2019. Philip Fong/AFP/Getty Images

A man reacts as he tries to extinguish a burning Christmas tree at Festival Walk mall in Kowloon Tong, Hong Kong, China, Nov. 12, 2019. Thomas Peter/Reuters

Protesters face off against riot police during an anti-government demonstration in the Mong Kok district of Hong Kong on Monday night, Nov. 11, 2019. Lam Yik Fei/The New York Times via Redux

Police stand guard during a rally against police brutality in Hong Kong, China, Oct. 27, 2019. Lynn Bo Bo/EPA via Shutterstock

Riot police charge on a street during a demonstration in Yuen Long district, Oct. 5, 2019, in Hong Kong, China. Anthony Kwan/Getty Images

Masked demonstrators hold hands to form a human chain to protest against the ban on masks in Hong Kong, Oct. 5, 2019. Kin Cheung/AP

Police clash with demonstrators in Hong Kong, Oct. 1, 2019. Clashes reached their most intense point in four months of protests on the same day Beijing celebrated 70 years of Communist Party rule. Lam Yik Fei/The New York Times via Redux

Demonstrators throw Molotov cocktails at the entrance of Cheung Sha Wan Government Office, Oct. 1, 2019, in Hong Kong. Billy H.C. Kwok/Getty Images

Police use tear gas to dispel protestors in Hong Kong, Sept. 29, 2019. Vincent Thian/AP

A pro-democracy protester is tackled and arrested by police during clashes after a march on September 29, 2019, in Hong Kong, China. Chris Mcgrath/Getty Images

Riot police pepper spray at member of media in Causeway Bay after a clash with protesters on September 29, 2019, in Hong Kong, China. Anthony Kwan/Getty Images

Protestors destroy a taxi in Hong Kong, China, Sept. 29, 2019. Felipe Dana/AP

Students hold a 'Lennon Wall flag', designed by Australia based Chinese political artist Badiucao, as they join hands to form a human chain in the Kwun Tong area of Kowloon in Hong Kong, Sept. 24, 2019. Anthony Wallace/AFP/Getty Images

A riot police officer reacts during clashes with pro-democracy demonstrators in Yeun Long district in Hong Kong, Sept. 21, 2019. Nicolas Asfouri/AFP/Getty Images

An injured man is being taken care of by First Aid rescuers during a protest in Hong Kong, Sept. 15, 2019. Nicolas Asfouri/AFP/Getty Images

A protestor hurls back an exploded tear gas shell at police officers in Hong Kong, Saturday, Aug. 31, 2019. Jae C. Hong/AP Photo

Police fire tear gas at protesters during an anti-government rally in Hong Kong, China, 31 August 2019. Jerome Favre/epa-efe/rex/JEROME FAVRE/EPA-EFE/REX

Riot police arrest protesters after clashes in Sham Shui Po on August 29, 2019, in Hong Kong, China. Billy H.C. Kwok/Getty Images

People light up their smartphones as they take part in a rally at the financial district in Hong Kong, Aug. 28, 2019. Kin Cheung/AP

Riot police fire tear gas to disperse anti-government protesters outside a shopping mall in Tsuen Wan, Hong Kong, China, on Aug 25, 2019. Sunny Mok/EPN/Newscom

A policeman points his gun toward demonstrators on a street during a protest in Hong Kong, Aug. 25, 2019. Kin Cheung/AP

An anti-riot police vehicle equipped with a water cannon clears the road from a barricade set up by demonstrators during an anti-government rally in Hong Kong, Aug. 25, 2019. Jerome Favre/EPA/Shutterstock

A fire breaks out as demonstrators and police officers in riot gear clash in the Kowloon Bay district of Hong Kong, Aug. 24, 2019. Lam Yik Fei/The New York Times/Redux

People light up mobile phones at the hill top of Lion Rock in Hong Kong on August 23, 2019. Thousands of people held hands across Hong Kong late August 23 in a dazzling, neon-framed recreation of a pro-democracy "Baltic Way" protest against Soviet rule three decades ago. Philip Fong/AFP/Getty Images

Demonstrators fill a multilane main road during a march in the Causeway Bay shopping district of Hong Kong, Aug. 18, 2019. After days of violence and warnings from the Chinese government, organizers estimated at least 1.7 million people had turned out to march through the city center in the pouring rain. Lam Yik Fei/The New York Times/Redux

Police fire tear gas to clear pro-Democracy protesters during a demonstration on Hungry Ghost Festival day in the Sham Shui Po district on August 14, 2019, in Hong Kong, China. Anthony Kwan/Getty Images

Policemen with batons and shields shout at protesters during a demonstration at the Airport in Hong Kong, Aug. 13, 2019. Vincent Yu/AP

A protester is detained by police during a demonstration, Aug. 3, 2019, in Hong Kong, China. Pro-democracy protesters have continued to rally on the streets of Hong Kong against a controversial extradition bill even after Hong Kong's Chief Executive Carrie Lam apologized for introducing the bill and declared it "dead." Anthony Kwan/Getty Images

A tourist gives her luggage to security guards as she tries to enter the departures gate during while demonstrations continued at Hong Kong's International Airport, Aug. 13, 2019. Philip Fong/AFP/Getty Images

A bleeding man is escorted by police after he was attacked by demonstrators in Hong Kong, July 31, 2019. Demonstrators clashed with police in Hong Kong after reports that some of their detained colleagues would be charged with the relatively serious charge of rioting. Vincent Yu/AP

Thousands of Hong Kong protesters participate in a march from a public park to call for an independent investigation into police tactics, July 21, 2019. Vincent Yu/AP

A person sprays paint over Hong Kong's coats of arms inside the chamber after protesters broke into the Legislative Council building during the anniversary of Hong Kong's handover to China, July 1, 2019, in Hong Kong. Tyrone Siu/Reuters

Ten of thousands of protesters flood the streets during a rally in Hong Kong, July 1, 2019. Kin Cheung/AP

Protesters fill the streets of Hong Kong to rally against the extradition bill ahead of 2019 G20 Osaka summit, June 26, 2019 in Hong Kong. Anthony Kwan/Getty ImagesUS forces kill senior terrorist leader in Syria U.S. Central Command said the target of the strike, Abu Hamzah al Yemeni, was a senior leader of an al-Qaida-affiliated terrorist group known as Hurras al-Din.US forces kill senior terrorist leader in Syria U.S. Central Command said the target of the strike, Abu Hamzah al Yemeni, was a senior leader of an al-Qaida-affiliated terrorist group known as Hurras al-Din.US forces kill senior terrorist leader in Syria U.S. Central Command said the target of the strike, Abu Hamzah al Yemeni, was a senior leader of an al-Qaida-affiliated terrorist group known as Hurras al-Din.