NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- Arkansas coach Eric Musselman made it very clear he wasn't happy with a loss to No. 18 Texas A &M and an early exit at the Southeastern Conference tournament.

Razorbacks assistants had to restrain Musselman a couple times during a 67-61 loss Friday night in the quarterfinals in which the Aggies rallied from a 13-point deficit.

After the game, a student journalist tweeted that his phone was grabbed and thrown to the ground by an Arkansas staffer who was walking behind Musselman as he left the court.

The Kentucky Kernal, the independent student newspaper at the University of Kentucky, put out a statement after the incident that involved its journalist.

"The Kentucky Kernal is appalled by the actions of the Arkansas men's basketball program. ... no journalist, especially a student journalist, should be subjected to violence for simply doing their job," the statement said.

Musselman didn't mention any outbursts when he met with reporters postgame.

"If you get down 7-0 in the foul count at any level, whether it's CYO, college, the NBA, it affects your aggressiveness defensively, especially a team that shoots foul shots percentage-wise as well as Texas A &M has all season long," Musselman said.

Wade Taylor scored 18 points to help Texas A &M (24-8) advance for the second straight year to the semifinals, where it will play Vanderbilt, which beat Kentucky.

Arkansas (20-13) now must wait until Sunday's NCAA tournament bracket announcement to learn its postseason fate.

Musselman said it was going to take some time to get over this stinging loss.

"For much of the game we had a lead. I mean, we had a lead for 27 minutes or whatever," Musselman said. "Obviously we played a very good first half and a poor second half. I give Texas A &M credit for their second-half play."

The Associated Press contributed to this report.Arkansas' Eric Musselman gets heated during, after SEC loss to Aggies

NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- Arkansas coach Eric Musselman made it very clear he wasn't happy with a loss to No. 18 Texas A &M and an early exit at the Southeastern Conference Tournament.

Razorbacks assistants had to restrain Musselman a couple times during a 67-61 loss Friday night in the quarterfinals in which the Aggies rallied from a 13-point deficit.

After the game, a student journalist tweeted that his phone was grabbed and thrown to the ground by an Arkansas staffer who was walking behind Musselman as he left the court.

The Kentucky Kernal, the independent student newspaper at the University of Kentucky, put out a statement after the incident that involved its journalist.

"The Kentucky Kernal is appalled by the actions of the Arkansas men's basketball program. ... no journalist, especially a student journalist, should be subjected to violence for simply doing their job," the statement said.

Musselman didn't mention any outbursts when he met with reporters postgame.

"If you get down 7-0 in the foul count at any level, whether it's CYO, college, the NBA, it affects your aggressiveness defensively, especially a team that shoots foul shots percentage-wise as well as Texas A &M has all season long," Musselman said.

Wade Taylor scored 18 points to help Texas A &M (24-8) advance for the second straight year to the semifinals, where it will play Vanderbilt, which beat Kentucky.

Arkansas (20-13) now must wait until Sunday's NCAA Tournament bracket announcement to learn its postseason fate.

Musselman said it was going to take some time to get over this stinging loss.

"For much of the game we had a lead. I mean, we had a lead for 27 minutes or whatever," Musselman said. "Obviously we played a very good first half and a poor second half. I give Texas A &M credit for their second-half play."

The Associated Press contributed to this report.PHILADELPHIA -- When Joel Embiid caught the ball with 7 seconds to go in Friday night's game at Wells Fargo Center between his Philadelphia 76ers and the Portland Trail Blazers, he had one thing on his mind: Get to his favorite spot on the floor -- the free throw line area -- and get off a clean shot.

"Once I got there," Embiid would say later, "I just knew I had to make it."

He didn't disappoint.

Embiid drained a fallaway jumper with 1.1 seconds to go -- a bucket that gave Philadelphia its first lead of the entire contest -- and lifted the 76ers to a thrilling 120-119 win over Portland in front of a raucous sellout crowd of 21,001.

The win, Philadelphia's fifth in six games since the calendar flipped to March, came after the 76ers (44-22) were dominated by the Trail Blazers (31-36), who led by as many as 21 and never were even tied with Philadelphia until midway through the fourth quarter.

"It wasn't our night until 1.1 seconds, when you think about it," 76ers coach Doc Rivers said. "We stayed at it. We were looking for everything and just couldn't get going, man. We looked like we were in mud in the first half on both ends.

"That's a hell of a win for us because we didn't have a lot, and you could see it."

Philadelphia certainly didn't have anything in the first half, when they allowed the Blazers -- and, in particular, Anfernee Simons, who finished with 34 points and went 8-for-12 from 3-point range -- to do whatever they wanted.

Things began to turn around in the second half, though, and Philadelphia quickly began to narrow the gap, setting up Embiid's heroics.

"Defense," said James Harden, who had 19 points, 9 rebounds and 8 assists, when asked what changed in the second half. "We got some stops. We settled into the game and got stops when we needed to. Not the prettiest win, but we'll take it."

Portland, meanwhile, saw a golden opportunity to move up the Western Conference standings slip through its fingers. The Blazers are now in 13th place in the West by themselves, and are two losses back of a play-in tournament spot.

"It was a good performance," Portland star Damian Lillard said. "We played really well on both ends of the floor. The game felt good, just how we played on both sides. We were on a string defensively. Our presence on the ball. Our presence in the paint, and we gave ourselves a really good chance to win the game.

"They just made a big-time shot from a big-time player."

It wasn't always clear that was going to happen, though. After Philadelphia got the ball back on a Lillard turnover with 20 seconds to go and with the shot clock off, Rivers initially chose not to call timeout and let his players run something.

But after Embiid got into an isolation on the right wing and appeared to stumble, Rivers called timeout and drew up a new play.

"It was a disaster," Rivers said with a laugh, when asked why he called timeout. "That's what I didn't like. I actually liked it visually. I saw us coming down the floor and I loved how it looked, the spacing, and when he bobbled the ball and crumbled, I knew we had to get a timeout, and then we got a set."

The play Rivers originally drew up was for Embiid to either execute a dribble handoff with Harden, or fake it and attack the defense himself. But Rivers credited Harden for making a smart cut away from Embiid -- clearing the space Embiid needed to operate -- once Embiid caught the ball in a better space than the 76ers anticipated he'd be able to.

And that space, the right elbow, was one Embiid spent the entire season planning to utilize in moments just like this.

In the past, Embiid would've gone into the post -- and, as a result, given teams an easier opportunity to double-team him. He said this was a prime example of exactly why he did that work in these areas of the court this summer.

"Yeah, that's the perfect spot, honestly, especially from my previous years," Embiid said. "I've had a couple of opportunities of game winners and stuff and we kept trying to post. It's easy to double and there's not enough space. But when you get enough in those positions at the nail or the top of the key, the court is wide open because, most of the time, guys don't want to give up 3s.

"So that's been working out pretty well."

It certainly worked out well for the 76ers Friday night, as Embiid had his latest huge game of the season. He now has 23 games with 35 or more points this season -- tying Shaquille O'Neal in 1999-2000 as the most by a center since then. The only other center to have that many since the NBA-ABA merger is Moses Malone, who had 25 in 1981-82.

Both players won the league's MVP award that season.

"I'm really just working on my game, honestly," Embiid said when asked about his recent run of form. "Seeing what works and what doesn't. Trying to be aggressive, and getting my guys involved. Like I said, I can be better, I missed a bunch of free throws today, and I had a couple turnovers, especially one down the stretch, so I can always be better."

Harden, though, had a more succinct explanation for Embiid's ability to take over down the stretch and carry Philadelphia to the win.

"Something that he works on every day," Harden said. "That's why he's MVP of the league this year."HOUSTON -- The Houston Texans have agreed to a contract with wide receiver Robert Woods, sources confirmed to ESPN on Friday.

The Texans signed Woods to a two-year, $15.25 million deal with $10 million fully guaranteed, sources said. The contract's max potential is $17 million.

Last season, Woods caught 53 passes for 527 yards with two touchdowns for the Tennessee Titans. The Titans acquired him in March 2022 by trading a 2023 sixth-round pick to the Los Angeles Rams.

Woods, 30, was released on Feb. 22 to help the Titans get under the salary cap, making him eligible to be signed by any team ahead of free agency next week.

Prior to playing for the Titans, Woods suffered an ACL tear in November 2021 and worked his way back from the injury to play in all 17 games last season.

Woods is a 10-year veteran and has played for the Buffalo Bills, Rams and Titans. He has 623 catches for 7,604 yards and 37 touchdowns in his career. He has two seasons of more than 1,000 receiving yards, both coming with the Rams (2018 and '19).

The signing gives the Texans a potential replacement if they decide to move wide receiver Brandin Cooks, who asked for a trade at the deadline last season. Cooks, who finished the season as the Texans' leading receiver (669 yards), still prefers to be traded, league sources told ESPN.

Texans coach DeMeco Ryans and general manager Nick Caserio discussed Cooks' future at the NFL scouting combine last week.

"I'd say we're kind of in the team-building process here," Caserio said. "Every player, every individual situation we'll look at it. Then, ultimately we'll do what feels best for the team and the organization moving forward."

The issue for a potential trade involving Cooks is his salary of $18 million is fully guaranteed. But Ryans has engaged in discussion with Cooks and "would love to work with him."

"I have spoken to Brandin, and that process will have to play itself out," Ryans said. "We'll do what's best for our team."

NFL Network first reported the Woods signing.CHICAGO -- The Bears are trading the No. 1 pick in the 2023 draft to the Carolina Panthers in exchange for four draft picks and wide receiver DJ Moore, sources told ESPN's Adam Schefter on Friday.

The Bears will receive Carolina's first-round selection at No. 9, the 61st pick (late second round), a 2024 first-round selection and a 2025 second-round pick, according to Schefter.

Talks for the No. 1 pick had intensified since last week's NFL scouting combine, sources told Schefter, with multiple teams, including the Houston Texans, also expressing interest in making a deal with Chicago.

The Panthers initially reached out to Chicago, in addition to several other teams at the top of the draft, during the combine to inquire about the possibility of moving up, a league source said. Talks with the Bears picked up a couple of days ago and came to a head Friday because Panthers officials saw value in getting a deal done before free agency starts Monday, the source said.

Carolina ultimately wanted the top pick because it gave it the most options. According to the source, team officials have conviction on more than two of the top quarterbacks but haven't become focused on one as they're still early in the evaluation process ahead of the April 27-29 draft.

They were high on Kentucky's Will Levis early last season and impressed with Levis, Alabama's Bryce Young and Ohio State's C.J. Stroud at the combine, league sources said. But should the Panthers fall in love with a couple of quarterbacks, they would consider trading back a spot or two, according to a league source.

This will be the third time the Panthers have had the top pick. They had it in their first season, 1995, but traded it to the Cincinnati Bengals in exchange for the No. 5 pick and No. 36 in the second round. They selected quarterback Kerry Collins at No. 5.

They also had the top pick in 2011 and selected Auburn's Cam Newton, who went on to win the 2015 MVP and lead Carolina to the Super Bowl.

While the Panthers didn't initially want to part with Moore, the 24th pick of the 2018 draft and their top wide receiver the past five years, they agreed in part because the Bears wanted the former Maryland star. Moving on from Moore also kept Carolina from having to give up another future first-round pick, the source said.

The Panthers now plan to be active at wide receiver in the free agent market with Terrace Marshall Jr., Shi Smith and Laviska Shenault Jr. their only proven receivers and none a proven No. 1. They had a combined 77 catches in 2022.

Meanwhile on the Bears' side, receiver is a major need for the team after Darnell Mooney finished with a team-high 493 receiving yards and two touchdowns despite missing the final five games of the season because of injury. Prior to adding Moore, who put together three 1,000-yard seasons from 2019 to 2021, the Bears had only Mooney, Chase Claypool, Velus Jones Jr. and Equanimeous St. Brown under contract at the receiver position.

The Bears will inherit the remainder of the three-year contract extension Moore signed in March 2022. The wide receiver, who posted a career-high seven touchdowns last season, has a $19.965 million base salary for the 2023 season.

The move reaffirms the Bears' continued support of quarterback Justin Fields, who is coming off his second NFL season. He finished 64 yards shy of the single-season quarterback rushing record. Chicago general manager Ryan Poles has said throughout the offseason the Bears' plan is for Fields to remain the starting quarterback in 2023 despite the team doing its homework on the quarterbacks available in the draft.

"His athletic ability and ability to create explosive plays were special," Poles said. "Now, what we've had discussions about, and I talked about it openly, like, he's got to take the next step in his game and I'm excited to see that because I think he's going to."

Poles confirmed last week at the combine the team's desire to deal the No. 1 pick and expressed optimism that the Bears could find a trade partner ahead of free agency, a scenario he believed would benefit the franchise and could garner a player in addition to draft picks.

"A clearer view of what we need and there's scenarios where you could add players as well, potentially, which again, gives you some clarity on what you want to do in the draft and free agency," Poles said.

Carolina has been looking for a franchise quarterback since Newton developed shoulder issues midway through the 2015 season. It moved on from Newton prior to the 2020 season and went with Teddy Bridgewater.

The Panthers traded for Sam Darnold, the third pick of the 2018 draft, in 2021. They traded for Baker Mayfield, the top pick of the 2018 draft, prior to last season.

They recently were involved in discussions for former Las Vegas Raiders quarterback Derek Carr, who on Monday signed with the NFC South rival New Orleans Saints. During those discussions at the combine, team officials decided to remain focused on getting a quarterback in the draft.

Among their possible choices at quarterback, Kentucky's Levis is rated by ESPN draft analyst Mel Kiper Jr. as his top quarterback, but other analysts believe Alabama's Young will be the first quarterback selected.

"The poise, the competitiveness, the ability to process and see the field,'' Panthers general manager Scott Fitterer said of Young at the combine. "The guy never seems stressed when he's in the pocket. And then you meet him in person and he's just, like, chill. He's a good guy. Nothing's too big for him.

"I remember a couple of years ago at the Heisman Trophy presentation ... and he was so poised. I think he was [20] at the time, It's not an act. It's like who he is. It's ingrained in him.''GREEN BAY, Wis. -- It sure sounds like the Green Bay Packers would prefer to move on from Aaron Rodgers and begin the Jordan Love era immediately.

While Packers president Mark Murphy did not rule out the possibility that Rodgers could return as the team's starting quarterback, it apparently isn't the organization's first choice based on what Murphy said Friday during an interview at the Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Association girls' basketball tournament, which is taking place across the street from Lambeau Field at the Resch Center arena.

"I mean unless, if things don't work out the way we would want them, yeah," Murphy said on the WIAA broadcast when asked if there's a scenario in which Rodgers could return. "He's obviously a great player and four-time MVP, but I think it's trying to find what he wants and what we want, and hopefully we can find a win-win situation."

Murphy confirmed that the Packers gave Rodgers and the New York Jets permission to speak, which they did earlier this week when a Jets contingent met with Rodgers in California.

"We did give them permission, but I really can't get into the details," Murphy said. "We're really hopeful that we can reach a resolution that works not only for Aaron but for us."

Murphy then told Green Bay's ABC affiliate WBAY that allowing Rodgers and the Jets to meet was done to "help Aaron achieve what he wanted as well as the Packers, and hopefully create a situation where it's kind of a win for both sides."

In that interview, he referred to Rodgers' career in the past tense.

"Very few players play for only one team, and obviously Brett had a great career, Aaron had a great career here," Murphy told WBAY. "And regardless of what happens, Aaron will be in the Pro Football Hall of Fame, he'll be in our Hall of Fame and we'll bring him back and retire his number. But this is just one of the things that you go through as a team. Again, we want to try to achieve something that's good for both Aaron and us."

Murphy also presided over the Packers' trade of quarterback Brett Favre to the Jets in 2008, which paved the way for Rodgers to take over. He signed off on then-general manager Ted Thompson's decision to trade Favre and theoretically would have to do so before current GM Brian Gutekunst could finalize a deal.

Murphy reiterated the Packers hope that a solution can be reached before Wednesday, which is the start of NFL free agency.

The Packers appear ready to turn things over to Love, the 2020 first-round draft pick who spent the past three seasons as Rodgers' backup.

"We have a lot of confidence in him," Murphy said. "We drafted him and developed him. A lot of credit goes to our coaches and to Jordan. But we do think he's ready."Tyson Fury and Oleksandr Usyk are closing in on a deal for an undisputed heavyweight championship fight -- planned for April 29 at London's Wembley Stadium -- after both sides notified the WBA that they have agreed to terms, president Gilberto Mendoza told ESPN on Friday.

Mendoza said he received confirmation from both fighters' promoters that a tentative agreement is in place ahead of the WBA's 5 p.m. ET deadline for Usyk to defend his title against mandatory challenger Daniel Dubois. Dubois holds the WBA's "regular" title, but the organization continues to consolidate belts.

Fury, in an Instagram video posted Friday, called on Ukraine's Usyk to accept 30% to the Englishman's 70% of the cut for one of the biggest fights boxing can deliver. Fury holds the WBC title and is ESPN's No. 1 heavyweight (No. 7 pound-for-pound); Usyk owns the WBA, WBO and IBF belts and is ESPN's No. 2 heavyweight (No. 3 pound-for-pound).

As part of the deal, Usyk asked Fury to donate $1 million to relief efforts in Ukraine as the country continues to defend itself from Russia's invasion. The fight, once finalized, will be offered on ESPN pay-per-view in the U.S., sources said.

"They want 50%, Usyk and all this 'Tyson is being greedy,'" Fury said in the Instagram video. "From where I'm standing, Usyk, you and your team are worth 30. You either take it or you leave it. And if you don't want it, go fight Daniel Dubois at the Copper Box [Arena in London] and get a few million dollars.

"If you want to make some real money, come and fight The Gypsy King. ... I will say, for every day from today that you linger, mess around, I'm going to deduct 1% from the 30%. ... Sign the contract, get your money and get f---ed up. ... Tick, tock."

Fury (33-0-1, 24 KOs) stayed busy in December with a 10th-round TKO of Derek Chisora to retain his heavyweight title. After Fury stopped Dillian Whyte in six rounds last April, he announced his retirement, but it lasted only four months.

The 34-year-old Fury defeated another Ukrainian, Wladimir Klitschko, to win the unified heavyweight championship in 2015. He was out of the ring for nearly three years as he dealt with alcohol and substance abuse along with depression. During that hiatus, he ballooned to 400 pounds.

Fury returned to the ring with two wins over soft opposition before he survived two knockdowns vs. Deontay Wilder to settle for a draw in a fight most observers believed he won. Fury left no doubt in the rematch, a seventh-round TKO to win the WBC title. The trilogy fight, which Fury won via 11th-round KO, was named ESPN's Fight of the Year and Knockout of the Year for 2021.

"Hey greedy belly, I accept your offer, 70/30 split to fight on April 29 at Wembley," Usyk wrote on Instagram. "But you will promise to donate 1 million pounds to Ukraine immediately after the fight. And for every day of your delay, you will pay 1 % from your purse to Ukrainian people. Deal?"

Usyk (20-0, 13 KOs) won the undisputed cruiserweight championship with a unanimous-decision victory over Murat Gassiev in 2018 before he moved up to heavyweight in 2019. The Olympic gold medalist defeated Chisora in his second heavyweight fight before he signed for a bout with Anthony Joshua for three heavyweight titles.

Usyk, 36, defeated Joshua via unanimous decision in September 2021 and retained his unified championship with a split-decision win in the August rematch. The southpaw is one of the most skilled boxers in the world but also showed off his power against Joshua; he appeared on the verge of stopping AJ in the final round of the first fight.

Now, Fury and Usyk are on the verge of the biggest challenges of their illustrious careers, a matchup poised to crown boxing's first undisputed heavyweight champion in the four-belt era.Basketball coach Josh Pastner has been fired by Georgia Tech after seven seasons, the school announced Friday.

Pastner made just one NCAA tournament appearance in seven seasons at Georgia Tech, finishing with a record of 109-114. He went 51-78 in the ACC, with Tech's lone NCAA appearance in his time there coming after winning the conference tournament in 2021.

"We have high expectations at Georgia Tech for all of our sports programs, and it is imperative that our storied men's basketball program achieves a greater level of success," first-year athletic director J Batt said.

"Our men's basketball program is important to our department and to our institution. We will not shy away from expecting to consistently compete for ACC championships, NCAA tournament appearances and sustained success."

Anthony Wilkins, who has been on Georgia Tech's staff since 2018, will serve as the interim coach while the school conducts a search for Pastner's successor. Tech's search will lean toward a coach who can capture Atlanta's rich recruiting resources, sources told ESPN.

This will be the second significant hire for Batt, who also promoted assistant Brent Key to head coach in football after the 2022 season. Batt, who came from Alabama, has a background in fundraising and plans to be aggressive with NIL (name, image and likeness). He watched Crimson Tide basketball coach Nate Oats arrive in Tuscaloosa and quickly build that program into a national title contender, and he hopes to use a similar blueprint at Tech.

Despite winning six of its final eight games, Pastner's team went 15-18 this season -- his fourth losing season in his seven years at the school. Pastner spent seven years at Memphis from 2009 to 2016, reaching the NCAA tournament in four of his seven seasons there.

His tenure at Georgia Tech also has been marred by NCAA sanctions linked to a former friend who was accused of recruiting violations. Georgia Tech accepted a postseason ban in 2020, when the season shut down anyway because of the COVID-19 pandemic, and some of its sanctions were overturned on appeal.

The Yellow Jackets owe Pastner approximately $2.5 million over the remaining three years of a contract extension he received after the ACC title run.

Tech hasn't reached the NCAA tournament in consecutive seasons since 2004 and 2005. Since losing in the national championship game in 2004, Tech has been to the NCAA tournament just three times since 2005, with Brian Gregory failing to reach the NCAAs during his five-year tenure.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.St. John's fired head coach Mike Anderson on Friday, and sources told ESPN that the Red Storm are expected to make Iona's Rick Pitino their top target.

Anderson failed to reach the NCAA tournament in any of his four seasons at St. John's, with the Red Storm going 68-56 under his watch. They finished their season on Thursday, losing to Marquette in the Big East tournament quarterfinals. The loss dropped them to 18-15 overall and 7-13 in Big East play.

"After fully evaluating the men's basketball program, our University has decided a change is needed in both the leadership and direction of St. John's Basketball," athletic director Mike Cragg said in a statement. "We wish Coach Mike Anderson and his family the best in their future."

The Red Storm hired Anderson in 2019, weeks after Arkansas parted ways with him. He reached the NCAA tournament three times in his final five seasons with the Razorbacks, but failed to replicate that success in the Big East.

St. John's is expected to turn to Pitino as its top candidate to replace Anderson, sources told ESPN. A New York native, the Hall of Fame head coach has won two regular-season championships and one conference tournament in his three seasons with the Gaels.

Pitino, 70, is considered arguably the best college basketball coach of his generation, and he would be the type of big name needed to ignite a St. John's fanbase that hasn't seen an NCAA tournament win since 2000.PONTE VEDRA BEACH, Fla. -- Standing on the ninth tee box, his last hole of the second round at the Players on Friday, Jordan Spieth was 2 over par and probably needed a birdie to make the cut and stick around for the weekend.

Spieth's tee shot sailed far right and was headed for the water along the fairway. Almost immediately, Spieth turned back to his caddie, Michael Greller, and asked, "Is that out of play?"

Instead of getting wet, Spieth's ball bounced off a fan's knee on the fly. Then the ball hit a cart path curb and bounded forward into the fairway. On the second shot, Spieth hit a 3-wood from 277 yards. His ball landed in rough short of the green. Then, in typical Spieth fashion, he chipped in from 26 feet for an eagle on the par-5 hole.

Spieth shot 3-over 75 in the round. His 36-hole total of even par should be good enough to make the cut at the Players, which saw second-round play suspended due to weather Friday afternoon.

"I got an extremely lucky break on 9, or I wouldn't be playing the weekend," Spieth said after the round. "Trying to get that guy's information and see literally whatever he wants this weekend because everything from here on out is because it hit him."

Spieth walked over to the fan and handed him a glove. The fan gave it to a boy standing near him.

"I mean, it's the equivalent of flying a green towards a hazard and hitting a grandstand and coming back on the green in a way," Spieth said. "Needing to probably birdie to make the cut, I can't really birdie having to drop it over in the right rough. It would have been a one-in-a-million make. Instead, I ended up making a 3."Dallas Mavericks star Luka Doncic will not play in Saturday night's road game against the Memphis Grizzlies because of his left thigh strain, and Kyrie Irving's status is in question after he missed Friday's practice for personal reasons.

"Hopefully, he'll be able to join us in Memphis," Mavs coach Jason Kidd told reporters regarding Irving.

Doncic's left thigh has been bothering him for several games and has gotten progressively more painful, leading the All-Star to exit Wednesday's 113-106 loss to the New Orleans Pelicans in the third quarter.

An MRI on Doncic's thigh Thursday revealed no damage, and Doncic will return once the discomfort allows him, sources told ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski.

The Mavs consider Doncic's status to be day-to-day, Kidd said.

Dallas is 5-7 since Irving joined the team after a blockbuster trade with the Brooklyn Nets. That includes a 3-6 record in games Doncic and Irving have both played.MIAMI -- The Dolphins will exercise the fifth-year option on Tua Tagovailoa, sources confirmed to ESPN on Friday, locking the quarterback in well ahead of the May 2 deadline.

The NFL Network was first to report the team's decision.

Tagovailoa set career highs in passing yards, touchdowns, completion percentage and passer rating last season, leading the league in that last one. He missed five games, including the team's wild-card loss to the Buffalo Bills, after sustaining two concussions.

General manager Chris Grier and head coach Mike McDaniel have publicly committed to Tagovailoa starting for the Dolphins in 2023 on multiple occasions since the season ended.

"I think it's important to recognize that we have a congruence of interest by the Dolphins and the player -- Tua -- that both parties really want him to play at a very high level for a long time for the Miami Dolphins," McDaniel said in February.

Tagovailoa sustained his second concussion of the season during the Dolphins' loss to the Green Bay Packers on Dec. 25. He was placed into the concussion protocol the next day and effectively shut down for the remainder of the season before being cleared in January.

His injury history didn't deter the team from committing to the 2020 No. 5 pick, just as Grier said it wouldn't when speaking to local media at the NFL scouting combine.

"It's not something that is going to make us afraid to do something long term with him," Grier said. "The one thing he's had, he's been banged up, but he always comes back and bounces back and plays hard and performs; so excited for his future."

Grier also said the team does not believe Tagovailoa is at any higher risk for concussions moving forward, based on conversations its personnel have had with doctors and specialists.

Tagovailoa enters the fourth year of his rookie contract in 2023 and stands to make a fully guaranteed $23.4 million in 2024.FOXBOROUGH, Mass. -- New England Patriots safety Devin McCourty announced his retirement from the NFL on Friday after 13 seasons, which included three Super Bowl championships.

"I'm officially retiring from the NFL. It has been a great ride," McCourty said in a video posted to Instagram with his twin brother, Jason. "I think it's always tough to come to the end. This whole offseason has been so much back-and-forth for me mentally, but ultimately I think this is the best decision for me, for my family, and my career."

McCourty said he spoke with Patriots owner Robert Kraft, head coach Bill Belichick and members of the team's defensive coaching staff about his decision.

"I got to say to Bill, 'Now I get the chance to reminisce and look back and not have to focus on how can I be better.'"

McCourty, who turns 36 in August, entered the NFL as a first-round draft choice of the Patriots in 2010 out of Rutgers (No. 27 overall).

He played in 205 regular-season games for the franchise (fifth most in team history), starting all of them and totaling 982 tackles and 35 interceptions.

The 35 picks, which are third most in franchise history behind Pro Football Hall of Famer Ty Law and Patriots Hall of Famer Raymond Clayborn, are the most among active players.

He also started 24 playoff games, more than any defensive back in NFL history, amassing 118 tackles and two interceptions.

McCourty had said teaming up with Jason in 2018 and winning a Super Bowl title together was one of his career highlights.

His leadership was evident early as he was named a captain in only his second season. He served as a captain for 12 straight seasons and is one of just seven players in NFL history to start in at least five Super Bowls.

McCourty began his NFL career as a cornerback before switching to safety in 2012 after the team had a run of injuries at that spot. It turned out to be his permanent home from that point on.

"It is a rare group of players who win games at a historic rate, exude team culture, lead, win awards, and win championships. And then there is Devin McCourty," Belichick said in a statement Friday. "Devin did all of those things as a player and more. But, what I think of first when I think of Devin is the type of man he is, his character, his values and how high he raised the bar for spreading goodness and justice in the community. For 13 years, Devin made everyone in our organization feel better and be better because of who he is -- a pillar of professionalism, unselfishness, work ethic, preparation, intelligence and performance. I am excited to see him bring those same traits to his next chapter and brighten the lives of even more people."

Patriots owner Robert Kraft also spoke glowingly of McCourty.

"As a Patriots fan, it's always bittersweet to see such an iconic player announce his retirement, but I couldn't be happier for Devin, Michelle, and the McCourty family or more thankful to his mother, Phyllis," Kraft said. "Through his individual performance and overall leadership, Devin has been such an important part of the success we have enjoyed over the past 13 seasons, including each of our last three Super Bowl championships. As great as his contributions were on the field, he made an even greater impact in the community, taking a leadership role in his advocacy for finding a cure for sickle cell anemia, effecting legislative change for criminal justice reform, and championing countless other educational and economical advancement initiatives. We couldn't have asked for a better leader and ambassador, both on and off the field."

McCourty, who has previously expressed an interest in sports media, said he's unsure what his next step will be.

"I'm ready to ride that path and see," he said.Georgia Tech is set to fire veteran basketball coach Josh Pastner on Friday, sources told ESPN.

Pastner is expected to meet with Tech officials Friday afternoon to formalize the dismissal, sources told ESPN.

He made just one NCAA tournament appearance in seven seasons at Georgia Tech, finishing with a record of 109-114. He went 51-78 in the ACC, with Tech's lone NCAA appearance in his time there coming after winning the conference tournament in 2021.

Pastner built strong relationships and was well-liked in the university community, but the decision came because Tech has higher expectations for its program, sources told ESPN.

This will be the second significant hire for first-year athletic director J Batt, who also promoted assistant Brent Key to head coach in football after the 2022 season. Batt, who came from Alabama, has a background in fundraising and plans to be aggressive with NIL (name, image and likeness). He watched Crimson Tide basketball coach Nate Oats arrive in Tuscaloosa and quickly build that program into a national title contender, and he hopes to use a similar blueprint at Tech.

Despite winning six of its final eight games, Pastner's team went 15-18 this season -- his fourth losing season in his seven years at the school. Pastner spent seven years at Memphis from 2009 to 2016, reaching the NCAA tournament in four of his seven seasons there.

His tenure at Georgia Tech also has been marred by NCAA sanctions linked to a former friend who was accused of recruiting violations. Georgia Tech accepted a postseason ban in 2020, when the season shut down anyway because of the COVID-19 pandemic, and some of its sanctions were overturned on appeal.

Tech hasn't reached the NCAA tournament in consecutive seasons since 2004 and 2005. Since losing in the national championship game in 2004, Tech has been to the NCAA tournament just three times since 2005, with Brian Gregory failing to reach the NCAAs during his five-year tenure.

Tech's search will lean toward a coach who can capture Atlanta's rich recruiting resources.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.Attorneys for Tiger Woods said he never had an oral or written tenancy agreement with former girlfriend Erica Herman, who has sued a trust -- that she claims Woods controls -- for at least $30 million after he asked her to move out of his home following their breakup in October.

In the latest court filing in Herman's lawsuit against the Jupiter Island Irrevocable Homestead Trust, Woods asked to intervene as a defendant in the case in the 19th Judicial Circuit Court in Martin County, Florida.

In a motion to intervene, Woods' attorneys wrote that Herman sued the trust to avoid an agreement she had made with the 15-time major champion to arbitrate all disputes. Herman, who worked as a general manager of Woods' restaurant before starting a personal relationship with him, is also asking a judge to remove her from a nondisclosure agreement she had signed with him on Aug. 9, 2017.

Woods' attorneys claim the trust owns "only a limited remainder interest" in his home in Jupiter, Florida.

"Though this action involves Mr. Woods' personal residence and arises out of Mr. Woods' decision that Plaintiff should no longer live in his home following the breakup, Plaintiff did not sue Mr. Woods," the motion to intervene said. "The disputes raised by Ms. Herman in the lawsuit against the trust are, in fact, disputes between Ms. Herman and Mr. Woods."

Herman is alleging she had an oral tenancy agreement that allowed her to live in Woods' personal home rent-free and expense-free in exchange for her performing personal services during their six-year relationship. She claims the agreement was breached when Woods informed her that he was ending their relationship on Oct. 13. She alleges there were about five years left on the oral agreement at the time.

Woods' attorneys dispute that he had an oral tenancy agreement with Herman.

"During their relationship, Mr. Woods invited Ms. Herman to live with him as his guest in the Residence," the motion said. "Mr. Woods never negotiated an oral tenancy agreement with Ms. Herman. Nor was there ever a written tenancy agreement between Mr. Woods or the Trust, on the one hand, and Ms. Herman, on the other hand. Mr. Woods never transferred to Ms. Herman any ownership interest in or rights of possession to the Residence."

The latest motion said Woods arranged for Herman to stay in a local luxury resort and gave her money to apply toward a new residence after their breakup.

In a civil complaint filed Monday, Herman's attorney alleged that Woods forced Herman to sign an NDA. Herman believes the NDA is "invalid and unenforceable" and that the trust is wrongfully using it against her. Herman's attorney is citing a federal law, the Speak Out Act, that prevents the enforcement of nondisclosure agreements in instances of sexual assault and harassment.

Herman didn't make any specific allegations against Woods.

The latest court filing notes that Woods started arbitration proceedings on Dec. 22 to establish that Herman has no right to live in his residence and is not entitled to monetary damages from him. But the proceedings were halted on Jan. 26 after she alleged that she cannot be compelled to arbitrate "because her claims alleging breach of an oral tenancy agreement involve a 'sexual harassment dispute.'"FRISCO, Texas -- Needing to get under the salary cap by next week, the Dallas Cowboys created about $30 million in room on Friday by restructuring the contracts of quarterback Dak Prescott and right guard Zack Martin.

The Cowboys were roughly pegged about $18 million over the cap, but these moves get them under and give them wiggle room to re-sign some of their own free agents to-be, if possible, before the market opens.

The restructuring of the contracts does not preclude the Cowboys from working out extensions for either player later this offseason. Speaking at the NFL scouting combine last week, executive vice president Stephen Jones said the team would like to discuss an extension for Prescott.

He is in the third year of a four-year, $160 million deal. He was set to make $31 million in base salary this year with a $49.13 salary cap figure, which was the second largest behind Cleveland Browns quarterback Deshaun Watson.

With the move, Prescott's 2023 cap figure is roughly $27 million. His 2024 cap figure will rise to a little more than $59 million as a result of the restructure.

The Cowboys cleared $8.8 million in restructuring Martin's contract. He is signed through 2024 but remains one of the best guards in football and was named an All-Pro for the seventh time in 2022.

Last week, the Cowboys placed the $10.091 franchise tag on running back Tony Pollard, but will have other decisions to make on key players on their roster, including running back Ezekiel Elliott and left tackle Tyron Smith. The club also has 18 players set to become free agents next week and is likely going to lose tight end Dalton Schultz when the market opens.Tiger Woods said he never had an oral or written tenancy agreement with former girlfriend Erica Herman, who has sued a trust -- that she claims Woods controls -- for at least $30 million after he asked her to move out of his home following their breakup in October.

In the latest court filing in Herman's lawsuit against the Jupiter Island Irrevocable Homestead Trust, Woods asked to intervene as a defendant in the case in the 19th Judicial Circuit Court in Martin County, Florida.

In a motion to intervene, Woods' attorneys wrote that Herman sued the trust to avoid an agreement she had made with the 15-time major champion to arbitrate all disputes. Herman, who worked as a general manager of Woods' restaurant before starting a personal relationship with him, is also asking a judge to remove her from a non-disclosure agreement she had signed with him on Aug. 9, 2017.

Woods' attorneys claim the trust owns "only a limited remainder interest" in his home in Jupiter, Florida.

"Though this action involves Mr. Woods' personal residence and arises out of Mr. Woods' decision that Plaintiff should no longer live in his home following the breakup, Plaintiff did not sue Mr. Woods," the motion to intervene said. "The disputes raised by Ms. Herman in the lawsuit against the trust are, in fact, disputes between Ms. Herman and Mr. Woods."

Herman is alleging she had an oral tenancy agreement that allowed her to live in Woods' personal home rent-free and expense-free in exchange for her performing personal services during their six-year relationship. She claims the agreement was breached when Woods informed her that he was ending their relationship on Oct. 13. She alleges there were about five years left on the oral agreement at the time.

Woods disputes that he had an oral tenancy agreement with Herman.

"During their relationship, Mr. Woods invited Ms. Herman to live with him as his guest in the Residence," the motion said. "Mr. Woods never negotiated an oral tenancy agreement with Ms. Herman. Nor was there ever a written tenancy agreement between Mr. Woods or the Trust, on the one hand, and Ms. Herman, on the other hand. Mr. Woods never transferred to Ms. Herman any ownership interest in or rights of possession to the Residence."

The latest motion said Woods arranged for Herman to stay in a local luxury resort and gave her money to apply toward a new residence after their breakup.

In a civil complaint filed Monday, Herman's attorney alleged that Woods forced Herman to sign an NDA. Herman believes the NDA is "invalid and unenforceable" and that the trust is wrongfully using it against her. Herman's attorney is citing a federal law, the Speak Out Act, that prevents the enforcement of nondisclosure agreements in instances of sexual assault and harassment.

Herman didn't make any specific allegations against Woods.

The latest court filing notes that Woods started arbitration proceedings on Dec. 22 to establish that Herman has no right to live in his residence and is not entitled to monetary damages from him. But the proceedings were halted on Jan. 26 after she alleged that she cannot be compelled to arbitrate "because her claims alleging breach of an oral tenancy agreement involve a 'sexual harassment dispute.'"Former Alabama basketball player Darius Miles and his friend Michael Lynn Davis have been indicted on capital murder charges by a Tuscaloosa County grand jury on Friday, Chief Assistant District Attorney Paula Whitley told ESPN.

Davis and Miles were arrested Jan. 15 and eventually charged with the capital murder of Jamea Jonae Harris. Miles was removed from the men's basketball team Jan. 15.

Davis is alleged to have shot Harris while she was in a vehicle, which leads to a capital murder charge in Alabama. Miles acknowledged providing Davis the gun in the case and is charged with capital murder for "aiding and abetting" him in the shooting, according to Miles' deposition and charge sheet.

The Miles and Davis cases were sent to the grand jury following a Feb. 21 preliminary hearing, where neither were given bond.

"We are not surprised with the indictment," Davis' attorney, John Robbins, told ESPN's Elizabeth Merrill. "We were expecting it all along. We're happy that the state moved quickly on this matter so we can get into court and get this case tried as quickly as we can before a jury. We are going to vigorously defend this case and defend my client's right to protect himself when someone points a gun at him and shoots him."

Miles' attorney, Mary Turner, released a statement calling into question the case being deemed as capital murder.

"While we are not surprised by the indictment based on the reality that a person accused of a crime is not allowed to present any evidence to the Grand Jury, we are nonetheless disappointed that the Government presented this case to the Grand Jury as Capital Murder considering the evidence uncovered during our investigation and the obvious weaknesses in the Government's case brought to light during the preliminary hearing," Turner said in a statement.

Davis and Miles remain in Tuscaloosa County Jail. The two are expected to have separate trials.

According to court testimony, Miles and Davis were both at the Twelve25 bar on The Strip in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, on Jan. 14, as were Harris, her cousin Asia Humphrey and Harris' boyfriend, Cedric Johnson. As Davis, Miles and Alabama basketball player Jaden Bradley were leaving the bar, Davis started dancing next to Harris' Jeep.

A brief verbal altercation between Davis and Johnson ensued. Miles came back to remove Davis from the situation. Miles told investigators he saw a gun being passed from the front seat to the back seat while he went to remove Davis. Johnson told investigators they were passing food back.

Following the altercation, Miles texted Alabama freshman basketball star Brandon Miller to bring him his gun. It's unclear whether Miller, who arrived at 1:43 a.m., saw the text.

A minute later, Harris' Jeep -- driven by Johnson -- pulled behind the cars of Bradley and Miller with its lights off. Davis and Miles then went into the back seat of Miller's car -- Miles on the right, Davis on the left -- and searched for Miles' gun.

According to police testimony, either Miles or Davis told the other, "The heat is in the hat," referring to a handgun. The other responded, "Is there one in the head?" asking if it was loaded, which it was affirmed to be.

At 1:45 a.m., Davis walked to the driver's side of Harris' Jeep and gunfire began. Police testified Feb. 21 that Davis fired first into the Jeep and Johnson then returned fire. In an interview with ESPN and during the Feb. 21 hearing, a defense attorney raised questions about whether Davis or Johnson fired first. Robbins told ESPN his side would pursue a "defense of justification."

Davis ran across the street firing into the Jeep and into Miller's windshield, according to video viewed by ESPN. Police testified that one of the shots fired by Davis killed Harris in the passenger seat of her vehicle.

Miller's attorney, Jim Standridge, said in a statement that his client was already on his way to pick up Miles when the text message was sent and that Miller was unaware Miles' gun was in his backseat because it was concealed by clothing. Miller has not been charged with a crime and Whitley told AL.com there was nothing he could be charged with.

Miller has cooperated fully with the investigation, according to his attorney and the police.PONTE VEDRA BEACH, Fla. -- World No. 1 golfer Jon Rahm withdrew from the Players Championship shortly before the start of the second round at TPC Sawgrass on Friday because of a stomach illness, according to the PGA Tour.

Rahm, from Spain, carded a 1-under 71 in the first round on Thursday. He was scheduled to play with Rory McIlroy and Scottie Scheffler for the second straight day. The marquee group was set to tee off at 12:56 p.m. ET on Friday.

Rahm has been the hottest golfer on the planet, winning five times in his previous nine worldwide starts, including three times on the PGA Tour -- Sentry Tournament of Champions, the American Express and the Genesis.

Rahm looked well on his way to making it four victories since January when he grabbed the first-round lead with a 7-under 65 at last week's Arnold Palmer Invitational, but he carded a 4-over 76 on Saturday before shooting even par Sunday to tie for 39th. It ended his streak of 10 straight top-10 finishes in worldwide starts and was his worst finish since tying for 55th at the Genesis Scottish Open in July.

Scheffler, who is ranked No. 2 in the world, has a good chance to regain the No. 1 spot in the Official World Golf Ranking if he plays well this weekend. He would regain the No. 1 ranking if he finishes in the top five, according to the OWGR. He was tied for fifth after posting a 4-under 68 in the first round.

According to the OWGR, McIlroy or Scheffler would move to No. 1 with a victory Sunday. McIlroy was 4 over after the first round and was in danger of missing the cut.Syracuse introduced Adrian Autry as the school's new head men's basketball coach at a Friday news conference and gave clarity on the awkward exit of coach Jim Boeheim earlier this week. On Wednesday, the school abruptly announced Boeheim would not return after 47 seasons as coach.

Boeheim addressed the media Friday and used the word "retired" to describe his departure, a distinction the university did not make in its announcement of the coaching transition. Athletic director John Wildhack said that Boeheim informing the team he wouldn't be back a few hours after the ACC tournament loss to Wake Forest prompted the school to announce his departure. He reiterated that a handoff to Autry, an Orange assistant since 2011, has long been the plan.

Boeheim was a mix of sentimental and sarcastic in reflecting on his departure from the school. He said he didn't think a lot about retirement until a four-game losing streak late in the season, which led him to believe "this was the time." He said he met with school officials for 45 minutes Thursday to work out "the basics" of what his role would be with the school moving forward.

"I'm so thrilled to be at this university and continue," Boeheim said. "... I wouldn't know what else to do anyway."

Boeheim added that he's "thrilled to be retired" and said he has felt better the past two days than he has "in the last 47 years."

Boeheim did get emotional reflecting on his family, the former players and the fans who trudged through winter weather all those years to attend games at Manley Field House and Syracuse's dome. He also expressed his appreciation for the city and the school and called any notion that the school didn't treat him right as "not true." Boeheim, 78, came to Syracuse in 1962 as a walk-on and is proud that he has never left.

"I'm probably most happy that I'll never leave here," Boeheim said, emotion cracking his voice. "I'll never leave Syracuse, and I'll never leave Syracuse University."

Boeheim gave a resounding endorsement of Autry, 51, saying Autry's coaching acumen is strong enough that he doesn't need a veteran head coach on the bench. Boeheim said the program is being left "in the best of hands." Wildhack said he did not run a national search to replace Boeheim because Autry "earned this" opportunity.

Autry, a 1994 Syracuse graduate, flashed a halogen grin at the podium but got choked up when reflecting on what Boeheim has meant to his career. He appeared comfortable in the spotlight, joking with the players in attendance that none had missed class to attend the news conference.

Autry chuckled when asked about deviating from the program's hallmark 2-3 zone, saying he'll want his team to be versatile and play whatever gives it the best chance to win.

"I am a new voice, a new face with new ideas," Autry said. "But the standards that have helped build this program will not change."The Nashville Predators have lost a season-high four straight on the road. They won't get any sympathy from the punchless New York Islanders, losers of seven in a row overall. Nashville looks to end its skid in the opener of a four-game trip and make it six consecutive wins over the last-place Islanders on Tuesday night. Seeking a return to the playoffs after failing to qualify for the fifth straight time last season, the Predators (31-22-4) are eighth in the Western Conference, one point behind Calgary and two ahead of Detroit. A strong road team most of this season, Nashville went winless on a recent four-game trip to Phoenix, Colorado, Columbus and Detroit, scoring only seven goals. While the Predators play their next four on the road prior to the Olympic break, they won't have to travel much with games against the Islanders, Rangers, New Jersey and Pittsburgh. Nashville was unable to build on an impressive victory over Colorado two nights earlier, falling 4-3 to West-leading San Jose on Saturday night. J.P. Dumont scored twice for his first multigoal game since Nov. 12, 2007, but the Sharks converted on a power play with 8:03 left in regulation. "We played extremely well tonight," Dumont said. "We had 40 shots (actually 38) against them and a lot of good scoring chances. It's a big loss, but we need to take some of the positives out of it." Dumont, the third overall pick by the Islanders in the 1996 draft, had gone eight games without a goal. He has three goals and three assists in his last five games against New York (23-27-8). The Predators have won five straight against the Islanders since a 4-3 overtime loss Oct. 15, 2002. Nashville is 3-1-1 all-time at Nassau Coliseum. Pekka Rinne was outstanding in his only career appearance against the Islanders, making 23 saves in a 1-0 victory at home Dec. 20, 2008. Another shutout is certainly possible with the way the Islanders have played during their skid. They have scored nine goals in the losing streak -- their longest since last season's eight-game slide from Jan. 2-19 -- and are 1 for 24 on the power play in the past six contests. After putting up little resistance during a winless four-game trip, New York wasn't much better Saturday night at home in a 3-1 loss to Carolina. "We spent a lot of time in the offensive zone but at the end of the day, we're still coming up short," coach Scott Gordon said. "We'll try and put it past us and try and get better tomorrow." Rookie John Tavares started his NHL career with 15 goals in 31 games but has found the back of the net only twice in his last 27 contests. Also struggling is Trent Hunter with one goal in 15 games and veteran Doug Weight, who has no goals in 28 games this season. The Islanders recalled forwards Jesse Joensuu and Matt Martin from their AHL affiliate for this game. Joensuu has two goals in 14 NHL games while Martin is set to make his NHL debut.PHILADELPHIA -- The Eagles have allowed cornerback Darius Slay's agent Drew Rosenhaus to seek a trade, sources tell ESPN's Dianna Russini.

Slay did not ask to be traded, the sources added, and the Eagles are still hoping to find a solution where Slay remains an Eagle.

Slay, 32, is entering the final year of his three-year, $50 million deal. He is slated to make a base salary of $17 million in 2023 with a cap hit of over $26 million, per Spotrac.

"Of course I want an extension with the Eagles. I love the Eagles. They took another chance on me trading for me, and I panned out very well of course. But yeah, I love that money, so of course I'm going to be talking about it this offseason," Slay said recently on the "Montgomery & Co." podcast. "That's everyone, that's what we all do when we've got one year left on our deal. We try to get the extension because it makes the cap low and then you get to start building around the team because once you're cap's too high, you can't add more players.

"So with me, with my cap that high, I'm sure they probably want to get it down, and the best way to get it down is to give me some money."

The Eagles acquired Slay from the Detroit Lions in 2020 in exchange for a third- and a fifth-round pick. He has made the Pro Bowl each of the past two years, and had three interceptions and 14 passes defensed this past season.

He was a key part of a defense that led the league in pass defense (179.8 yards per game), helping Philadelphia to a 14-3 regular season mark en route to an appearance in Super Bowl LVII.

The Eagles will have a completely new look on defense in 2023. They have a number of contributors set to become free agents, including cornerback James Bradberry; defensive linemen Javon Hargrave, Fletcher Cox and Brandon Graham; and safety Chauncey Gardner-Johnson.The Minnesota Vikings released receiver Adam Thielen on Friday, concluding a storied tenure for the Minnesotan who captured the hearts of fans throughout the region.

Born in Detroit Lakes, Minnesota, and having played collegiately at Minnesota State Mankato, Thielen signed with the team in 2013 after serving as a tryout player at rookie minicamp. By the end of the 2022 season, he had more career catches (534) than any player in team history other than Cris Carter and Randy Moss, both of whom are members of the Pro Football Hall of Fame.

"To go from a kid growing up in Detroit Lakes to playing for the Minnesota Vikings has been a journey beyond what I could have dreamed of," Thielen said in an Instagram post. "I want to thank everyone within the Vikings organization -- coaches, teammates, the Wilf family and fans -- for all the love and support I have received over the years. I poured everything I had into these last 10+ years in presenting and playing for this team and state. My family and I will always cherish them memories we created on and off the field. Minnesota is -- and will always be -- home to us."

"Adam's story is one many know and admire and an incredible example of what a relentless pursuit of a goal can ultimately accomplish," coach Kevin O'Connell said in a statement. "For over a decade, Adam honed his craft to become one of the most well-recognized wide receivers in the NFL. Over that same time, he poured so much of his time into his home state, which made it even more special for him to earn our 2022 Walter Payton Man of the Year nomination. I personally leaned on Adam for his work ethic, leadership and counsel multiple times to help get our team where we wanted it to be last season."

But as Thielen approached his 33rd birthday, he began to lose ground to younger players in the Vikings' offense. Over the final five games of last season, he ranked fourth in targets behind Justin Jefferson, T.J. Hockenson and K.J. Osborn.

That dynamic, along with a contract that imposed a $19.97 million cap number for 2023, led to Friday's move. The Vikings spoke to him this offseason about a potential contract restructure that would include a pay cut, and it was clear that Thielen would have had a diminished role in their offense moving forward.

Thielen told ESPN last month that he hoped to retire as a Viking. But he added: "I also want my opportunity to show that I can play at a high level."

General manager Kwesi Adofo-Mensah released a statement Friday: "Adam will forever be a part of the Minnesota Vikings family and history. Setting the standard with his play on the field, being a selfless teammate, and making a permanent impact in the community, Adam's influence is significant. We are grateful for everything he brought to the Vikings organization since arriving in 2013, and I'm thankful to have had the opportunity to work with him over the last year. He is the best representation of what the Minnesota Vikings should stand for."

Given the relatively thin free agent market at receiver, he should generate interest from teams that can offer more playing time and targets. By making the move, the Vikings save $6.4 million on the salary cap.

Thielen, a two-time Pro Bowl selection, had 70 catches for 716 yards and six touchdowns last season. He has 6,682 yards and 55 touchdowns in his career.

The Vikings also waived cornerback Cameron Dantzler Sr. on Friday.

Dantzler had appeared in 35 games (26 starts) for the Vikings over the past three seasons after being selected in the third round of the 2020 draft. He had three career interceptions along with three forced fumbles and two fumble recoveries.

Cutting Dantzler, who was entering the final season of his rookie deal, will create $2.743 million in cap space for the Vikings.NEW ORLEANS -- The Saints have offered a restructured deal to quarterback Jameis Winston, sources told ESPN's Dianna Russini on Friday.

Winston, who has one year remaining on the two-year deal he signed in 2022, has until the start of the new league year Wednesday to accept the offer or he will be released, sources said.

The Saints agreed to a four-year contract with former Las Vegas Raiders quarterback Derek Carr on Monday, which means Winston will no longer be in competition for a starting role. Sources had told ESPN that Carr's deal could be worth up to $150 million and includes up to $100 million in guarantees.

Winston's contract currently counts $15.2 million against the 2023 salary cap. The Saints can adjust that cap hit by lowering Winston's $12.8 million base salary to pay him in line with other backups.

Andy Dalton signed a one-year, $3 million deal with the Saints last year to back up Winston but ended up starting 14 games. Dalton, 35, is set to become a free agent.

The Saints can also save money by releasing Winston. They would save $4.4 million against the cap with a standard release and $12.8 million if the 29-year-old is designated a post-June 1 cut, meaning he can become a free agent upon release but the Saints will not get the cap space until June.

Winston, the No. 1 pick, by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, in the 2015 draft, has been with the Saints since the 2020 season. Winston signed with New Orleans as one of Drew Brees' backups that year and competed with Taysom Hill for the starting role after Brees retired before the 2021 season.

After beating out Hill for the job, Winston tore an ACL seven games into the 2021 season and spent the rest of the year rehabbing. Winston signed a new deal with the Saints last March after the team tried and failed to acquire Deshaun Watson in a trade.

Winston was expected to be the Saints' starter in 2022, but back and foot injuries at the beginning of the season derailed that idea. Saints coach Dennis Allen sat Winston for their Week 4 game against the Minnesota Vikings in London, with the idea to rest his injuries, but Winston never got his job back.

"I lost my job due to injury, and the policy has always been you don't lose your job due to injury. And that's what happened," Winston said in November.

If Winston is released, he will be looking for the third team of his career. He has a 34-46 record as an NFL starter and has completed 61.3% of his passes for 21,840 yards, 139 touchdowns and 96 interceptions.The Minnesota Vikings will release receiver Adam Thielen on Friday, according to a source, concluding a storied tenure for the Minnesotan who captured the hearts of fans throughout the region.

Born in Detroit Lakes, Minnesota, and having played collegiately at Minnesota State Mankato, Thielen signed with the team in 2013 after serving as a tryout player at rookie minicamp. By the end of the 2022 season, he had more career catches (534) than any player in team history other than Cris Carter and Randy Moss, both of whom are members of the Pro Football Hall of Fame.

But as he approached his 33rd birthday, Thielen began to lose ground to younger players in the Vikings' offense. Over the final five games of last season, he ranked fourth in targets behind Justin Jefferson, T.J. Hockenson and K.J. Osborn.

That dynamic, along with a contract that imposed a $19.97 million cap number for 2023, led to the decision. The Vikings spoke to him this offseason about a potential contract restructure that would include a pay cut, and it was clear that Thielen would have had a diminished role in their offense moving forward.

Thielen told ESPN last month that he hoped to retire as a Viking. But he added: "I also want my opportunity to show that I can play at a high level."

Given the relatively thin free agent market at receiver, he should generate interest from teams that can offer more playing time and targets.

Thielen, a two-time Pro Bowl selection, had 70 catches for 716 yards and six touchdowns last season. He has 6,682 yards and 55 touchdowns in his career.The Philadelphia Flyers have fired general manager and president of hockey operations Chuck Fletcher, the team announced Friday.

"Over the past several seasons, our team simply has not lived up to that standard, so today, we will begin to chart a new path forward under a new leadership structure for Hockey Operations," Flyers governor Dave Scott said in a statement. "This morning, we released Chuck Fletcher from his president and general manager responsibilities. We are grateful for his hard work and dedication to this organization, and we wish him nothing but the best moving forward."

Daniel Briere will serve as the interim general manager as the team looks to fill the GM and president of hockey operations roles separately. Briere, a former Flyers forward who had been serving as a special assistant to the general manager, is considered a serious candidate for one of the two jobs.

Fletcher's firing comes a week after the NHL trade deadline, which was underwhelming for the Flyers. Fletcher was not able to trade several players Philadelphia had been trying to move, including pending unrestricted free agent James van Riemsdyk. Fletcher was defensive over the lack of a van Riemsdyk deal, saying a market never materialized for the winger.

Sources told ESPN that there are expected to be more organizational changes to the hockey operation in the coming weeks. Scott will lead the search for new leadership positions.

Fletcher was in his fifth year leading the Flyers, with the team making the playoffs just once in his tenure. Philadelphia has hinted that it is embarking on a rebuild, accentuated by a letter coach John Tortorella wrote to season-ticket holders in February stating the team is "not there yet."

Scott shared similar sentiments in announcing Fletcher's dismissal.

"Flyers fans deserve a better team than what they've seen on the ice over the past few seasons, and a clear plan to return this team to Stanley Cup contention," Scott said. "We know that this will be a multi-year process, and we are committed to doing it right, because we want to put this franchise on a path toward winning the Stanley Cup, period."

When Fletcher was hired, his directive was to bolster the young core that former general manager Ron Hextall had assembled. Yet the organization felt it was holding on to its 2020 bubble performance -- when the Flyers lost to the New York Islanders in the second round in seven games -- for too long.

The Flyers have not won a Stanley Cup since claiming back-to-back titles in 1974 and 1975. They last reached the Stanley Cup Final in 2010, when Briere was on the team.

Philadelphia is 24-30-11 this season under first-year coach Tortorella. So the Flyers decided it was time for a reset, which the organization expects to be a multiyear process.MEMPHIS -- Draymond Green disappointed Dillon Brooks on Thursday night.

After they swapped barbs via the media, with Green responding to Brooks' recent criticism of him with a scorching segment on his podcast Wednesday, Brooks looked forward to continuing the conversation face to face when the Memphis Grizzlies played host to the Golden State Warriors. An opportunity presented itself when Brooks stole the ball and drove for a layup over Green late in the second quarter before they bumped chests.

At the time, Green said nothing.

"I kind of wanted that play, just to see what he was going to say," Brooks said after the short-handed Grizzlies' 131-110 win at FedExForum. "But he took the media approach with that and didn't say nothing, which is cool. I was expecting him to talk a little bit more, but I guess he needs to get all his facts together and talk."

After the game, Green shrugged off questions about Brooks other than accusing Brooks of unsuccessfully attempting to bait him into a technical foul, which would have been Green's 16th of the season, resulting in a one-game suspension.

"He thought he would like bait me, like he gets baited," Green said. "I get technical fouls when I want to get technical fouls. I don't get baited into technical fouls. So, I think that's probably the difference between me and him. If I do that to him, it'd be a double tech, because he'd respond. But it's not a double tech, because I didn't respond. One of us are baitable, one of us aren't."

Green made a point to scoff at the suggestion that the Grizzlies and Warriors had developed a rivalry. In his mind, Memphis hasn't accomplished enough as a franchise to merit rival status with Golden State, which eliminated the Grizzlies in the Western Conference semifinals last season.

"One team has to win, and then another team has to win," Green said. "That's what creates a rivalry. Not because one team gets up for you and talk like they can beat you and then not. That doesn't create a rivalry. Rivalries are created by you win, I win. Clearly, we've won four times, and I think their organization has zero championships, so I can't consider that a rivalry."

A lopsided loss March 9 is irrelevant to the conversation, as far as Green is concerned.

"Anybody can win in March," Green said. "Anybody can win in March. What that mean? I have a hard time getting out of my bed in March. What's a game in March mean?"

The Grizzlies have had the distinction of ending a Warriors season, defeating Golden State on the road in the second play-in game in 2021.

"They don't ever forget. When they won the championship, they were talking about us," Brooks said. "They don't ever forget who the Memphis Grizzlies are. They get up and they can't wait to play us."

Brooks, who had 14 points and six assists and was the primary defender on Stephen Curry in the win, said Green is "making it a rivalry" by talking so much.

Brooks also accused Green of "just using my name to get his podcast up. He should at least say thank you."

Brooks said his teammates showed him the video clip from Green's podcast, when Green responded sentence by sentence to Brooks' quote about why he doesn't like Green from an interview with ESPN's Tim Keown that was published last week. Brooks sneered while discussing Green's implication that his Memphis teammates don't like him and that the Grizzlies can't win a title with him.

"There was some funny stuff," Brooks said. "I'm not a championship player. I feel like my stuff that I said was facts, and we'll see at the end of the year what they do with him."

Brooks, however, insisted that Green's podcast performance didn't bother him.

"No, because I know I'm a better player than him," Brooks said. "I can do the same stuff that he does. That's easy. That's just showing up to work. Me, I try to score. I try to figure out plays. I try to call out plays for my team. Just the fact that he was trying to pin my teammates against me, that was a low blow. So that's what type of player he is.

"These are my guys. We grew it all together. I ain't out there getting in physical altercations with my teammates. I sit there and talk to them, try to not break them down, but build them up."GREENSBORO, N.C. -- North Carolina's already shaky NCAA tournament hopes were dealt a damaging blow Thursday night in a 68-59 loss to No. 13 Virginia in the Atlantic Coast Conference tournament quarterfinals Thursday night.

Jayden Gardner had 17 points and 10 rebounds, and Reece Beekman added 15 points, 5 assists and 5 steals for the second-seeded Cavaliers (24-6), who finally wrestled away control of the game with a 9-0 run in the final two minutes after the Tar Heels had cut a 10-point deficit to 57-55. Much of that production came at the foul line, where the Cavaliers made 9 of 10 as UNC finally ran out of gas.

R.J. Davis scored 24 points to lead the Tar Heels (20-13), who shot just 35.8% to lose for the second time in three meetings with the Cavaliers. UNC also continued a season-long trend of struggling to hit outside shots, making 8 of 27 3-point attempts.

Tar Heels big man Armando Bacot (four points, three rebounds) sat the final 10-plus minutes because of an ankle injury suffered in Wednesday's second-round win against Boston College.

This never looked anything like the team that made a magical run to last year's national championship game, then started the year with four starters back to earn a No. 1 ranking in the Associated Press preseason poll. Now the Tar Heels appear headed toward becoming the first AP preseason No. 1 to miss the tournament since NC State in 1974-75.

"It's not a great feeling," second-year head coach Hubert Davis said. "Not the expectations that we had coming into the year. It was definitely frustrating and disappointing, but one thing I can say about this group is we fight to the end."

Added Davis: "I'm sad and disappointed for [the players] that we're in this position. Just very sad for them."

UNC entered Thursday's quarterfinal with a 1-8 record in the Quadrant 1 games that top an NCAA tournament rsum, with the lone win coming at home against the Cavaliers on Feb. 25 -- and that one hovering on the line to fall into Quadrant 2 territory.

Davis, when asked if he had a "pitch" for why his team should get a tournament bid, said he wasn't thinking about that.

"Our record is our record," Davis said. "And I know that, I think regardless of our record, I think we have shown throughout the entire year that we can compete and play and beat anybody in the country. But it's just, I know we played a really tough out-of-conference schedule, I know that the ACC for whatever reason is undervalued as one of the elite, if not the elite, conferences in college basketball. ... But at the end of the day, we had chances and for eight or nine of the 13 losses we had, we were up in the second half. And so, we had our chances."

ESPN Stats & Information and The Associated Press contributed to this report.Toronto Raptors point guard Fred VanVleet was fined $30,000 by the NBA on Thursday for his blistering criticism of official Ben Taylor that came after a 108-100 loss to the LA Clippers on Wednesday night.

VanVleet reiterated his frustration at the time with the officiating, not just in the loss to the Clippers but also in a defeat at the Denver Nuggets on Monday.

"Speaking for a lot of guys, obviously I was frustrated, emotional," VanVleet told Toronto reporters Thursday. "But there are a lot of people that feel that way. Hopefully going forward we see some change for the better, the betterment of the game. It was a little emotional, a tough loss, things not going our way, got caught up in the moment a little bit.

"You live and you learn and you move on. It came out authentic, it came out in real time. I wouldn't have done that if I felt like I had another option or outlet. I felt like I've exhausted my options this season, many different occasions. It is just one of those things, I am human.

"You will see me make mistakes in real time and make things that are not always perfect. A little unprofessional for my standard, so it was unfortunate."

The Clippers went to the line 31 times compared to the Raptors' 14 free throw attempts. VanVleet was whistled for a technical foul by Taylor with 7:02 remaining in the third quarter. The Clippers were up seven at the time. While Toronto would get within 70-68 later in the quarter, the Clippers would push the lead back to 12 shortly before the start of the fourth.

After VanVleet picked up his eighth technical foul this season -- three of which have come from Taylor -- he sounded off on the official.

"I don't mind, I'll take a fine. I don't really care," VanVleet said Wednesday night. "I thought Ben Taylor was f---ing terrible tonight. I think that on most nights, you know out of the three [officials], there's one or two that just f--- the game up. It's been like that a couple of games in a row.

"[Losing on Monday at] Denver was tough, obviously. You come out tonight, competing pretty hard and I get a bulls--- tech that changes the whole dynamic of the game, changed the whole flow of the game.

"Most of the refs are trying hard. I like a lot of the refs, they're trying hard, they're pretty fair and communicate well. And then you got the other ones who just want to be a d--- and just kind of f---s the game up. ... And no one's coming to see that s---. They come to see the players."

Boston Celtics point guard Marcus Smart was asked about officiating Thursday and he referred reporters to VanVleet's comments.

"I don't know if you saw Fred VanVleet's interview," Smart told reporters. "That is all I am going to say. Obviously, it let's you know that I am not speaking out of my butt and I am not the only one that feels that way. I am going to let Fred do all the talking."

The Raptors have felt the frustration of two straight games with second-half technical fouls.

During the Raptors' 118-113 loss at Denver on Monday, official Scott Foster called Scottie Barnes for a technical foul before ejecting him with 28 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter. The Nuggets were leading at the time by one point.

Foster said in the postgame pool report that Barnes was ejected on one technical because "he used verbiage that which directly questioned the integrity of the crew."

"I think we're losing a little bit of the fabric of what the NBA is and was and it's been disappointing this season," the Raptors point guard said after the Clippers loss. "You can look it up: Most of my techs this year have been with Ben Taylor officiating.

"So at a certain point as a player, you feel it's personal and it's never a good place to be. That's not why we lost tonight -- we got outplayed, but it definitely makes it tougher to overcome."No charges are immediately being filed against former NBA All-Star Shawn Kemp following his arrest in a drive-by shooting in Washington, prosecutors said Thursday.

Kemp, 53, was booked for investigation of felony drive-by shooting shortly before 6 p.m. local time Wednesday in Tacoma, online jail records show. No one was injured in the shooting.

Adam Faber, a spokesperson for the Pierce County Prosecutor's Office, said in an emailed statement Thursday afternoon that no charges were immediately being filed against Kemp and that he was released from jail pending further investigation.

Tacoma police said an altercation between occupants of two vehicles near the Tacoma Mall led to shots being fired early Wednesday afternoon. No injuries were reported, and one of the cars fled the scene, according to a release from the police department on social media. A gun was recovered.

Kemp's attorney, Scott Boatman, said in a statement to ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski on Thursday that Kemp's car was broken into and numerous items, including an iPhone were stolen. Kemp tracked his iPhone to an occupied car, and was shot at when he approached the vehicle. Kemp then returned fire in self defense, Boatman says.

Kemp, who has two licensed cannabis stores in Seattle, was a six-time NBA All-Star and played for the Seattle SuperSonics from 1989 to 1997. He also played for Cleveland, Portland and Orlando.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.Free-agent wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. will be holding a workout for NFL teams on Friday in Arizona, sources told ESPN.

Beckham, 30, missed all of this past season because of a torn ACL that occurred in last year's Super Bowl. He did go on a free-agent tour in which he visited the New York Giants, Dallas Cowboys and Buffalo Bills late in the season.

The Giants are among the teams expected to be represented at the workout, which will be an opportunity for Beckham to show teams where he is at physically. It has been 13 months since the injury.

Beckham is expected to be among the top wide receivers available this year in free agency despite coming off a second ACL tear. This isn't believed to be a very strong group of free agent receivers.

New England's Jakobi Meyers is the consensus top receiver available.

Beckham was playing at an extremely high level for the Los Angeles Rams in the Super Bowl before he planted his foot awkwardly and immediately reached for his knee. He had three catches, 52 yards and a touchdown before the injury.

It really seemed as if Beckham was reestablishing himself as a top receiver with the Rams, for whom he had 27 catches for 305 yards and five touchdowns in eight regular-season games in the 2021 season.

Beckham's NFL career has been quite a wild ride since being the Giants' first-round pick in 2014. He burst onto the scene with a memorable one-handed catch against the Cowboys and set records for production in his first three seasons.

Beckham was named Offensive Rookie of the Year in 2014 and had at least 1,300 yards receiving and double-digit touchdowns in each of his first three seasons. But then injuries and shenanigans started taking their toll. He fractured his leg in 2017 and was famously traded to the Cleveland Browns before the 2019 season by general manager Dave Gettleman.

A core muscle injury and ineffectiveness plagued Beckham with the Browns, where he also was a lightning rod and his relationship with quarterback Baker Mayfield deteriorated.

Beckham was released by the Browns midway through the 2021 season and eventually signed with the Rams. He won a Super Bowl in Los Angeles.Jake Paul said Thursday that he was leaving the Cavaliers-Heat game on Wednesday in Miami when he was approached by Floyd Mayweather and a large group of people accompanying him.

Video footage obtained by TMZ Sports shows Paul and Mayweather (flanked by several people, including security) standing feet from each other while some men standing near Floyd talked to Paul.

Paul is then seen jogging away from the group of people outside the arena. No punches were thrown and Mayweather isn't heard talking to Paul in the short clip.

"Floyd Mayweather and 50 dudes pull up out of nowhere, out of like some side alley, waiting for me outside of the stadium, and they're like, 'So what's up? So what's all that talk now?'" Paul said in an Instagram video. "I'm like first of all, what did I say to you Floyd? I just took your hat and you're still mad about it? Come on, bro. And then 50 dudes literally start surrounding me to try to jump me, and I'm out that b----, OK?

"Floyd, you want to run it one-on-one, no problem, but I'm not dumb. I'm tough, I don't need to prove my toughness. ... I'm not going to sit there and try to fight 50 dudes. ... You're mad because I took your hat; are you serious? Move on."

Paul, 26, is referring to an incident in May 2021 in which he grabbed Mayweather's hat off his head during a news conference to promote an exhibition boxing match against his older brother, Logan Paul. After Jake Paul grabbed the hat, Mayweather was seen chasing after him along with members from his security team.

Mayweather, 46, one of the greatest boxers of all time, retired from professional fighting in 2017, though he still competes in exhibition bouts, and held one last month in London. A spokesperson for Mayweather didn't return a message seeking comment.

Paul started his own professional boxing career after Mayweather retired. The influencer was 6-0, including wins over former UFC stars Anderson Silva and Tyron Woodley, before he dropped a split decision to Tommy Fury last week.

"Floyd will not see me 1 on 1 in a real fight," Paul tweeted. "That's a fact. His team has hit my team numerous times to do one of his 'exhibitions'. Now he ambushes me. Come see me in the ring, real fight, no exhibition robbing fans bulls---."Patrick Ewing will not return as men's basketball coach of the Georgetown Hoyas next season, the school announced Thursday evening.

Ewing, one of the greatest college basketball players of all time while at Georgetown, had been the head coach of his alma mater for six years and finishes with a 75-109 record.

"I am very proud to be a graduate of Georgetown University," Ewing said in a statement. "And I am very grateful to President [John J.] DeGioa for giving me the opportunity to achieve my ambition to be a head basketball coach. It is particularly meaningful for me to be in charge of the basketball program at my alma mater. I wish the program nothing but success. I will always be a Hoya."

Ewing had never been a head coach at any level prior to succeeding John Thompson III at Georgetown.

The Hoyas said they have already started a national search for "new leadership."

Ewing coached the Hoyas to the NCAA tournament in 2021 after they won the Big East tournament title, but they've struggled mightily since. Georgetown went winless in conference play last season, finishing 6-25 overall. This season, the Hoyas went 7-25 overall and 2-18 in Big East play.

The Hoyas lost a Big East-record 29 consecutive conference games that began during the 2021 regular season and ended in January.

Georgetown's season ended Wednesday night with an 80-48 loss to Villanova in the first round of the Big East tournament.

"Patrick Ewing is the heart of Georgetown basketball," DeGioa said in a statement. "I am deeply grateful to Coach Ewing for his vision, his determination, and for all that he has enabled Georgetown to achieve. Over these past six years, he was tireless in his dedication to his team and the young men he coached and we will forever be grateful to Patrick for his courage and his leadership in our Georgetown community."

Under the tutelage of head coach John Thompson, Ewing helped make Georgetown one of college basketball's powerhouses in the 1980s. He was a three-time All-American during his time with the Hoyas, earning National Player of the Year honors in 1985 and winning a national championship in 1984.

Ewing was the No. 1 overall pick in the 1985 NBA draft by the New York Knicks, spending 15 seasons of his Hall of Fame career with the Knicks. He was named an NBA All-Star 11 times. He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2008 and the College Basketball Hall of Fame in 2012.

Prior to joining Georgetown as its head coach in 2017, Ewing spent 14 seasons as an assistant coach in the NBA with the Charlotte Bobcats, Orlando Magic, Houston Rockets and Washington Wizards.Phoenix Suns star Kevin Durant is expected to miss two to three weeks because of a left ankle injury, sources told ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski on Thursday.

The team said in a release that Durant has a left ankle sprain and will be reevaluated in three weeks.

Durant, who had an MRI on Thursday, slipped and injured his ankle during pregame warmups Wednesday, knocking him out of what was supposed to be his first home game with the Suns.

He left the Footprint Center in a walking boot after Phoenix defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder 132-101.

"I feel bad for him because he feels bad," Suns coach Monty Williams said after the game. "I saw his face and -- I've been around him so many times -- I know what he's feeling, and I don't want him feeling that way at all."

Durant has played in three games with the Suns since being acquired from the Brooklyn Nets, averaging 26.7 points, 7.3 rebounds and 3.7 assists. Durant has shot 69% with Phoenix in those three victories -- the highest field goal percentage in a player's first three games with a team in NBA history (minimum 40 field goals attempted), according to ESPN Stats & Information.SANTA CLARA, Calif. -- Before the NFL made its annual announcement of compensatory picks for the 2023 NFL draft, the San Francisco 49ers were slated to have just four selections.

After the league unveiled those 37 additional choices Thursday, the Niners now have a whopping 11. San Francisco's seven compensatory selections include three extra third-round picks (Nos. 99, 101 and 102) as part of the league's initiative for organizations developing minority candidates who become head coaches or general managers with other teams.

Those picks came following the departures of head coaches Robert Saleh ( New York Jets), Mike McDaniel ( Miami Dolphins) and DeMeco Ryans ( Houston Texans), as well as general managers Martin Mayhew ( Washington Commanders) and Ran Carthon ( Tennessee Titans) in recent years.

The Cleveland Browns (No. 98) and Kansas City Chiefs (No. 100) also received third-round compensatory picks for the departures of Kwesi Adofo-Mensah ( Minnesota Vikings general manager) and Ryan Poles ( Chicago Bears general manager), respectively.

Sixteen teams received compensatory picks on Thursday, with the Niners leading the way. The NFL uses a formula based on salary, playing time and postseason honors to award compensatory picks to each team that loses "more or better compensatory free agents than it acquires in the previous year."

The Niners and Los Angeles Rams picked up the maximum allowable four additional picks under the compensatory free agent formula. It's the second straight year the Rams and Niners have gained the most compensatory picks.

In San Francisco's case, it added cornerback Charvarius Ward in 2022 free agency but lost defensive linemen D.J. Jones and Arden Key, guard Laken Tomlinson, cornerback K'Waun Williams and running back Raheem Mostert for a net of four comp picks.

Those choices will come in the fifth round (No. 173 overall), sixth round (No. 216) and seventh round (Nos. 253 and 255). Because the 49ers signed many of their star players to significant contracts, they've been unable to re-sign some of their own key free agents and have become increasingly less involved in signing outside free agents.

Which is why the compensatory formula has become more of a focus, according to general manager John Lynch.

"You have to have the patience and the vision to allow some of these guys to walk, get some comp picks as a result to kind of play that game," Lynch said at the NFL scouting combine. "[It] took us a little while to figure that one out but I think we've tried to understand that you can't just go full throttle. And you get some rewards if you have a little more discipline. That's never easy, but it is necessary."

The Rams have long subscribed to that same approach and are once again near the top of the list in compensatory picks acquired. They added three picks in the fifth round (Nos. 167, 171 and 177) and one in the seventh round (No. 251) after losing edge rusher Von Miller, offensive lineman Austin Corbett and defensive tackle Sebastian Joseph-Day, among others.

The Arizona Cardinals and Dallas Cowboys followed the 49ers and Rams with three compensatory picks each. Arizona got the highest selection awarded, a third-round pick at No. 96 overall, plus a fifth-round pick (No. 168) and a sixth-round choice (No. 213). The Cardinals lost running back Chase Edmonds, edge rusher Chandler Jones and receiver Christian Kirk in 2022 free agency.

Like the 49ers, Chiefs, Browns and Cardinals, the Washington Commanders also got a third-round pick (No. 97) after losing guard Brandon Scherff to the Jacksonville Jaguars.

The Commanders, Green Bay Packers, Chiefs, Las Vegas Raiders, New England Patriots, New York Giants and Tampa Bay Buccaneers were awarded two comp picks each, with the Vikings and New Orleans Saints getting one each.

The Bears and Texans received supplemental picks at the end of the draft, with Houston now holding selection No. 259, which will be this year's Mr. Irrelevant.HOUSTON -- The Houston Texans will forfeit their original fifth-round selection in the 2023 NFL draft and have been fined $175,000 for a salary-cap reporting violation involving former quarterback Deshaun Watson, the NFL announced Thursday.

Following a review, the NFL determined that the Texans provided Watson undisclosed compensation in the form of a membership at an alternative athletic facility during the COVID pandemic in 2020.

The Texans paid $26,777 for Watson to train at an unspecified nearby facility while theirs was closed during the pandemic.

According to the collective bargaining agreement, teams must report any player compensation or benefit. The Texans believe the payment didn't provide any salary-cap advantage and viewed it as an accounting error.

"The club has fully cooperated with the league in its investigation of these matters and maintains that it had no intention to circumvent any salary cap rules or gain any sort of competitive advantage," the Texans said in a statement. "While we disagree with the league's ruling, we will accept the imposed discipline and move forward."

The NFL originally had taken a fourth-round pick from the Texans and fined them $250,000, but those penalties were reduced on appeal, sources told ESPN's Adam Schefter.

The Texans now have 10 picks in this year's NFL draft, including the Nos. 2 and 12 overall selections that they received as part of the trade that sent Watson to the Cleveland Browns in March 2022.

Following that deal, the Browns signed Watson to a five-year, $230 million contract.

He was suspended for 11 games for violating the league's personal conduct policy by committing sexual assault, as defined by the NFL, on massage therapists. He was also fined $5 million and required to take part in the mandatory treatment program.

Watson was accused by more than two dozen women of sexual assault and other misconduct during massage sessions before he sat out the entire 2021 season. Over the summer, he agreed to settle 23 of the 24 civil lawsuits against him. Two lawsuits against him are outstanding, including one filed Oct. 13. Two other women filed criminal complaints against Watson but did not sue him.

ESPN's Jake Trotter contributed to this report.HOUSTON -- The Houston Texans will forfeit their original fifth-round selection in the 2023 NFL draft and have been fined $175,000 for a salary cap reporting violation involving former quarterback Deshaun Watson, the NFL announced Thursday.

After a review, the NFL determined that the Texans provided Watson compensation in the form of a membership at an alternative athletic facility in 2020, early in the COVID-19 pandemic.

The Texans said they "absorbed $26,777 in costs for player benefits for the use of alternate athletic facilities." The team said it understands that amount "should have been charged instead to player salaries."

According to the collective bargaining agreement, teams must report any player compensation or benefit. The Texans believe the payment didn't provide any salary cap advantage and viewed it as an accounting error.

"The club has fully cooperated with the league in its investigation of these matters and maintains that it had no intention to circumvent any salary cap rules or gain any sort of competitive advantage," the Texans said in a statement. "While we disagree with the league's ruling, we will accept the imposed discipline and move forward."

The NFL originally had taken a fourth-round pick from the Texans and fined them $250,000, but those penalties were reduced on appeal, sources told ESPN's Adam Schefter.

After losing the fifth-round selection and then receiving a compensatory seventh-rounder later Thursday, the Texans now have 11 picks in this year's NFL draft, including the Nos. 2 and 12 selections they received as part of the trade that sent Watson to the Cleveland Browns in March 2022.

After that deal, the Browns signed Watson to a five-year, $230 million contract.

He was suspended for 11 games for violating the league's personal conduct policy by committing sexual assault, as defined by the NFL, on massage therapists. He was also fined $5 million and required to take part in the mandatory treatment program.

Watson was accused by more than two dozen women of sexual assault and other misconduct during massage sessions before he sat out the entire 2021 season. Over the summer, he agreed to settle 23 of the 24 lawsuits against him. Two lawsuits against him are outstanding, including one filed Oct. 13. Two other women filed criminal complaints against Watson but did not sue him.

ESPN's Jake Trotter contributed to this report.No charges are immediately being filed against former NBA All-Star Shawn Kemp following his arrest in a drive-by shooting in Washington, prosecutors said Thursday.

Kemp, 53, was booked for investigation of felony drive-by shooting shortly before 6 p.m. local time Wednesday in Tacoma, online jail records show. No one was injured in the shooting.

Adam Faber, a spokesperson for the Pierce County Prosecutor's Office, said in an emailed statement Thursday afternoon that that no charges were immediately being filed against Kemp and that he was being released from jail pending further investigation.

Tacoma police said an altercation between occupants of two vehicles near the Tacoma Mall led to shots being fired early Wednesday afternoon. No injuries were reported, and one of the cars fled the scene, according to a release from the police department on social media. A gun was recovered.

Kemp's attorney, Scott Boatman, said in a statement to ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski on Thursday that Kemp's car was broken into and numerous items, including an iPhone were stolen. Kemp tracked his iPhone to an occupied car, and was shot at when he approached the vehicle. Kemp then returned fire in self defense, Boatman says.

Kemp, who has two licensed cannabis stores in Seattle, was a six-time NBA All-Star and played for the Seattle SuperSonics from 1989 to 1997. He also played for Cleveland, Portland and Orlando.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.CINCINNATI -- Bengals running back Joe Mixon is not listed as a suspect in a shooting incident involving a residence listed as his home, according to police records.

On Thursday, Hamilton County released the incident report from the March 6 incident during which police allege a child was shot in the foot. Merlyn Shiverdecker, a Cincinnati-based defense attorney who is part of Mixon's representation, said the running back's counsel has had conversations with the Hamilton County prosecutor's office and expects the case to be resolved soon.

"It's my belief that this thing is probably going to be resolved by this time next week," Shiverdecker told ESPN on Thursday.

According to the incident report, children were playing "dart wars," a game that involves toy guns that shoot foam bullets. Witnesses told police the children were playing in the victim's backyard. Around 8:30 Monday evening, shots were fired from the backyard of the neighboring home, which police confirmed is tied to Mixon. An unidentified suspect fired 11 shots, with one of them hitting the injured child in the foot.

The initial report from Hamilton County officials indicated that the injuries were not life-threatening. On Thursday, officials stated that no charges have been filed. Two people were identified as suspects.

"There's a lot of potential problems that can come out of a situation where shots are fired," Shiverdecker told ESPN regarding Mixon's home being associated with the incident. "So obviously in our opinion, it was the prudent thing for Joe to get counsel to represent him in this thing, to advocate for him and also to protect his rights and interests."

The home in the Anderson Township area of greater Cincinnati is officially owned by a trust. However, it was listed by police as Mixon's residence when a warrant was issued last month on a charge of aggravated menacing. That case was dismissed one day after the warrant was filed, though, and Mixon was never arrested.

Mixon has spent all six seasons in the NFL with the Bengals and was named to the Pro Bowl in 2021. Last season, he started 14 games and gained 1,255 yards from scrimmage and nine total touchdowns. A Bengals spokesperson did not respond to a request for comment.

In a statement, Hamilton County said investigators are continuing to review the evidence and conduct interviews.An MRI on the left thigh of Dallas Mavericks star Luka Doncic revealed no damage, and a return to the lineup will come as the discomfort allows him, sources told ESPN on Thursday.

Doncic will undergo treatment to alleviate the soreness, but he isn't expected to miss significant time, sources said.

Doncic indicated recently that his thigh began bothering him after the Mavericks' win over the Spurs on Feb. 23, saying he woke up the morning after the game with discomfort in the leg. He departed Wednesday's 113-106 loss at New Orleans in the third quarter because of the injury.

When asked how the thigh felt after Wednesday's game, Doncic chuckled: "It's not good."

The Mavericks take on the Grizzlies on Saturday night in Memphis.TAMPA, Fla. -- Carlos Rodon, the Yankees' $162 million winter signing, will start the 2023 season on the injured list because of a left forearm muscle strain in what is yet another blow to New York's starting rotation.

Yankees general manager Brian Cashman said Rodon underwent an MRI on Wednesday that revealed a mild strain of the left brachioradialis, a superficial forearm muscle -- a similar injury to one he suffered last year while with the Giants.

"The finding was something, but not significant or serious," Cashman said Thursday. "Obviously, trying to pitch through stuff is not a good thing, especially this time of year. If this was in-season -- pennant race, late in the game -- he's still probably up and running. He had this last May with the Giants, and he didn't miss any time with it."

Cashman said that Rodon will have a no-throw period of seven to 10 days that will "push him back into April, time to be determined," and that all imaging showed the left-hander's ulnar collateral ligament was intact. Rodon underwent Tommy John surgery in 2019.

"You just have to prevent looking at the calendar and force-feeding it and speeding the process up because you feel the outside pressure of it's a new organization, fan base, stuff like that," Cashman said. "[Rodon] understands that. He's a pro. But like anything else, it's the human nature of, 'I want to get out there and pitch.'

"When I was dealing with him, he's like, 'I dealt with this in May, and it didn't stop me.' But it's not May, it's March, and we don't want to play this into something different."

Rodon said he felt optimistic about the injury, particularly because of it cropping up during the spring, specifying that he would pitch through it had it happened at a crucial point in season.

"[Last year] it popped up early in May, the first time I ever felt it in my forearm, the top of my forearm," Rodon said. "Worked with some people, did some treatments, luckily. I woke up, it was my fifth day getting ready to pitch ... and I felt nothing.

"Arms can be so finicky, so you never know what route it's going to take. In May I felt fine. I didn't miss a start. It's just kind of early to throw through things right now. ... Like, if it's Oct. 5 or it's the ALDS, I'm taking the ball and going to pitch."

In terms of a possible timeline for return, Rodon said he "hoped it would go fairly quickly."

"But as you know, some of these things take time," he added. "I'm hoping it goes by quick, but you know how injuries go -- you never know what happens down the road."

Rodon struggled with his velocity Sunday during his spring debut against the Atlanta Braves, allowing five runs on six hits -- two of them home runs. Cashman said that being around "91-94 mph" was not something unusual for Rodon in his first outing, but that the Yankees did not see any red flags then.

"But now when you package it all together and the recovery wasn't there and now the image shows a mild strain, it all adds up to maybe that's why that day didn't go as well," Cashman said.

It had been an uneventful spring for the Yankees until Thursday afternoon, when Cashman not only announced that his prized left-hander would start the season on the IL, but also revealed that relievers Lou Trivino and Tommy Kahnle would join Rodon on the injured list.

Kahnle's announcement was not unexpected, given that he had been dealing with biceps tendinitis. The right-hander is currently scheduled to resume his throwing program sometime next week and be back at some point in April.

The news was more concerning on Trivino, who was diagnosed with "a mild elbow ligament sprain," an injury that Cashman said will keep the right-hander out until at least May.

The Yankees' short-handed rotation was already missing last year's trade deadline acquisition, Frankie Montas.

Montas joined the Yankees while dealing with a shoulder issue that never resolved itself, eventually leading to surgery Feb. 21. Montas will likely miss most of the 2023 season.

Domingo German and Clarke Schmidt had already been vying for a fifth spot in a rotation rounded out by Gerrit Cole, Luis Severino and Nestor Cortes, and are the front-runners to slot in for Rodon. Cashman also mentioned one-time prized prospect Deivi Garcia as one of those pitchers who could make a name for himself this spring and fight for a spot.

"We're going to find out," Cashman said of the Yankees' rotation depth. "I feel good about what we're seeing from the guys down here so far, and especially the pitchers trying to vie for the back end.

"Ultimately, outside of Montas, we haven't lost anybody for significant time yet. But clearly it's not a good situation when you're down a starter that you were counting on. But at the same time, it's March and it gives us time to allow it to heal and recover."

In other injury news, Harrison Bader, who was supposed to be the starting center fielder in Thursday afternoon's game against the Red Sox, an eventual 11-7 win for Boston, went for testing because of discomfort in his left oblique.

Manager Aaron Boone said that Bader "kind of swung and felt something in there," in reference to the center fielder's fifth-inning strikeout against his former team, the St. Louis Cardinals, on Wednesday.

The Yankees are waiting on Bader's imaging results before determining next steps. Boone said that reigning AL MVP Aaron Judge would be an option in centerfield for the Yankees should Bader miss time, as well as embattled outfielder Aaron Hicks, former prospect Estevan Florial and spring invitee Rafael Ortega.Former Arizona Cardinals offensive lineman Kelvin Beachum offered a pointed assessment of Kyler Murray during a recent radio interview, saying the star quarterback "needs to grow up a little bit" in order to lead the franchise.

Beachum, a free agent after spending the past three seasons protecting Murray as one of Arizona's starting offensive linemen, was asked about the 2019 No. 1 overall draft pick's leadership abilities Wednesday during an interview with Arizona Sports 98.7 FM.

"Grow up," Beachum responded when asked what Murray needs to do. "Be a man and grow up."

Murray's maturity and leadership ability became topics of widespread scrutiny last year when his lucrative contract with the Cardinals included an addendum that required the quarterback to study film for four hours per week during the season.

The Cardinals ultimately removed the clause from Murray's contract and said in a statement that the $230.5 million deal "demonstrates our belief in his ability to lead this team." But according to Beachum, Murray still has work do as a leader.

"It's not a completed process," Beachum said during the interview. "I didn't say he lacks leadership, I just think he needs to grow up a little bit. I think if he has the ability and willingness to grow up, he's going to be just fine.

"[The Cardinals] paid him for a reason -- they paid him because of his talent. He has the ability to lead. When you're in that position, we need you to lead more. You're the face of the franchise ... you have to lead in every single capacity."

Murray, 25, is recovering from surgery to repair a torn ACL in his right knee, and the Cardinals have not offered a timeline for when they expect the two-time Pro Bowler to return.

Newly hired Cardinals coach Jonathan Gannon said last month that Murray is "right on schedule" with his rehabilitation, and first-year offensive coordinator Drew Petzing said Murray was "extremely engaged" in their initial conversations.

Gannon and Petzing also have both emphasized that their offense will be structured around Murray, but Beachum reiterated that he thinks the 2018 Heisman Trophy winner still needs to grow as a leader.

"Kyler is his own individual, he's his own person, he beats to his own drum, which has made him what he is today," Beachum said. "But, at the end of the day, you have to be able to lead an entire organization, you've got to lead a team."Bill Self, who led Kansas to the national title last season, will miss his team's quarterfinal matchup against West Virginia in the Big 12 tournament on Thursday because of an illness, per a statement from the school.

The school's statement did not disclose the details of the illness but said Self is recovering.

Assistant Norm Roberts will serve as interim coach.

"Self is doing well and receiving great care at the University of Kansas Health System," the statement said.

Self was present for a shoot-around at T-Mobile Center on Wednesday and appeared to be in normal condition. He met with reporters for about 20 minutes outside the locker room and said his team was ready for another March run.

"We've talked about we're going to Kansas City to try to put ourselves in position to win this thing, but knowing we better take one game at a time," he said Wednesday. "I've put the emphasis on let's go play our best. What the [Big 12] tournament does, it can validate what your regular season's been. And this is an opportunity to validate it."

Kansas, which has more Quad I wins than any team in the nation, is positioned to possibly secure the No. 1 overall seed on Selection Sunday. That would ensure a path from Des Moines, Iowa, in the first two rounds to nearby Kansas City in the regional and then Houston for the Final Four if it advances.

Kansas has experience this season without Self. He served a four-game suspension, imposed by the school for his connection to an NCAA infractions case, at the start of the year and missed his team's Champions Classic matchup against Duke. Kansas won that game 69-64.

This season, Self led Kansas to the 17th Big 12 title of his tenure, which began with the 2003-04 season.

Information from the Associated Press was used in this reportThere is a growing possibility that Chicago Bulls guard Lonzo Ball will need a third surgical procedure on his left knee that likely would require another six months of recovery and rehabilitation, sources told ESPN on Thursday.

Ball, who hasn't appeared in an NBA game since Jan. 14, 2022, and has been ruled out for the 2022-23 season, has undergone two surgeries on that troublesome knee in the past 14 months. The belief is that a third surgery is likely necessary to give the former No. 2 overall draft pick his best opportunity to play again, sources said.

The Bulls and Ball's representatives with Klutch Sports are working together and consulting with specialists before a final decision on surgery is made, sources said, but a procedure sometime this month would further delay the possibility of Ball ramping up for a return next season.

Ball, 25, made incremental progress in recent months but has yet to be able to run, cut or jump without experiencing pain. He is completing the second season of a four-year, $80 million free agent contract with the Bulls -- a deal that started with tremendous promise in 2021-22.

In his first season after arriving from the New Orleans Pelicans, Ball averaged 13.0 points, 5.1 assists and 5.4 rebounds and shot 42% on 3-pointers. He played a significant role on offense and defense in leading Chicago to a 27-13 record before the injury.

Since Ball's absence, the Bulls have struggled and are now 30-36, 11th in the Eastern Conference.The New York Jets are becoming more confident in their chances of landing quarterback Aaron Rodgers, sources close to the situation told ESPN's Dianna Russini on Thursday.

The Jets' increasing optimism follows their meeting this week with the Green Bay Packers quarterback. A contingent of Jets team officials, including owner Woody Johnson, general manager Joe Douglas, coach Robert Saleh and offensive coordinator Nathaniel Hackett, flew to California on Tuesday to meet in person with Rodgers, sources previously told ESPN's Dan Graziano.

Johnson left the meeting excited and satisfied about the potential match, sources told Russini.

The Jets and Packers remain engaged in conversations about possible trade compensation, sources said -- discussions that had started before the Jets' meeting with Rodgers.

Rodgers, 39, has not made any announcements about what he intends to do this coming season. It's still possible he decides to retire or stay in Green Bay. But if he wants to play and he and the Packers agree it's time for him to go somewhere else, the Jets appear to be a realistic option.

A four-time MVP, Rodgers is under contract through 2024 for $108.8 million. Technically, the contract, signed last March, runs through 2026, but 2025 and 2026 are considered "dummy" years for cap purposes. His deal includes a fully guaranteed $59.5 million this season, with $58.3 million coming in the form of an option bonus, payable before the start of the regular season.

Because his bonus money is prorated, Rodgers wouldn't hamper the Jets' cap situation. He would count $15.8 million in 2023 and $32.5 million in 2024, cap-friendly for a player of his stature.

If Rodgers leaves, the Packers would get hit with a $40.3 million "dead" charge in 2023 -- nearly $9 million more than he would count if he were on the roster.Lewis Hamilton says Mercedes did not listen to him about 2023 car

Seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton has said his Mercedes team did not listen to him in developing their 2023 Formula One car.

The Briton told reporters last week that Mercedes were on the wrong track before he finished fifth in Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix opener.

"Last year, there were things I told them. I said the issues that are with the car," Hamilton told BBC Radio 5 Live's "Chequered Flag" podcast.

"I've driven so many cars in my life, so I know what a car needs. I know what a car doesn't need. I think it's really about accountability.

"It's about owning up and saying, 'Yeah, you know what? We didn't listen to you. It's not where it needs to be and we've got to work'," he said.

"We've got to look into the balance through the corners, look at all the weak points, and just huddle up as a team. That's what we do."

Hamilton, 38, is Formula One's most successful driver of all time, with a record 103 wins, but is out of contract at the end of the season.

He did not win a race last year, a career first for a season, but has dismissed suggestions he might be holding off on a new deal until he knew how competitive his car was.

He told the BBC that there was still time for Mercedes, whose run of eight successive constructors' titles ended last year, to turn the situation around.

"We're still multi world champions, you know? It's just we haven't got it right this time. We didn't get it right last year. But that doesn't mean we can't get it right moving forwards," he said.

Team boss Toto Wolff acknowledged in Bahrain that Mercedes needed to rethink the car.

"I don't think this package is going to be competitive eventually," Wolff said of a car that stands out for its slimmed-down sidepods in marked contrast to Red Bull's solution.

"We got it wrong last year; we thought we could fix it by sticking to this concept of car, and it didn't work out," he added.

Red Bull's double world champion Max Verstappen won in Bahrain, with Sergio Perez securing the one-two finish. Aston Martin's Fernando Alonso was third in a car powered by a Mercedes engine.PHOENIX -- Kevin Durant slipped and sprained his left ankle during pregame warmups Wednesday, knocking him out of what was supposed to be his first home game with the Suns.

The team is hopeful Durant avoided a serious sprain, but he is scheduled for an MRI on Thursday to determine the severity of the injury. Durant left the Footprint Center in a walking boot after the Suns beat the Oklahoma City Thunder 132-101.

"I feel bad for him because he feels bad," Suns coach Monty Williams said. "I saw his face and -- I've been around him so many times -- I know what he's feeling, and I don't want him feeling that way at all."

Devin Booker, who is on one of the hottest streaks of his career, gave the disappointed crowd a show by exploding for 44 points on 17-of-23 shooting in 28 minutes, leading the team to its fourth consecutive win.

A little more than an hour before tipoff, Durant was doing an individual drill with coaches when he lost his balance as he lifted off to shoot. After briefly lying on the court, he was able to get up and finish his workout.

But after he returned to the locker room, Durant experienced some swelling and was ruled out. Some teammates didn't realize what happened until they were ready to take the floor and saw Durant on the training table.

"In this league you been around for a while, you realize some people like to play. Some people love to play. Kev is one of the people that just love to hoop," said Chris Paul, who scored 18 points with nine assists. "Obviously knowing this was going be his first home game, we was all excited."

The focus of the night quickly shifted to Booker, who scored 30 points in the first half and was up to 35 just two minutes into the second half when foul trouble forced him from the floor.

The current Western Conference Player of the Week, Booker became the first player in team history to score 35 or more points in four consecutive games. He is shooting a sizzling 60% overall during that stretch and 53% on 3-pointers.

"We'll reschedule the party. I'm sure they'll be back, people that missed out on tonight," Booker said. "I tried to give them a little something to make it better."LOS ANGELES -- Toronto Raptors point guard Fred VanVleet blasted referee Ben Taylor for his officiating during the Raptors' 108-100 loss to the LA Clippers on Wednesday night at Crypto.com Arena.

VanVleet didn't hold back in his postgame news conference and is likely to receive a hefty fine from the NBA.

"I don't mind, I'll take a fine, I don't really care," VanVleet said. "I thought Ben Taylor was f---ing terrible tonight. I think that on most nights, you know out of the three [officials], there's one or two that just f--- the game up. It's been like that a couple of games in a row.

"[Losing on Monday at] Denver was tough, obviously. You come out tonight, competing pretty hard, and I get a bulls--- tech that changes the whole dynamic of the game, changed the whole flow of the game.

"Most of the refs are trying hard. I like a lot of the refs, they're trying hard, they're pretty fair and communicate well. And then you got the other ones who just want to be d---s and just kind of f--- the game up. And no one's coming to see that s---. They come to see the players."

The Raptors were called for 23 fouls to the Clippers' 18, but L.A. had 31 free throw attempts compared with 14 for Toronto. VanVleet was whistled for a technical foul by Taylor with 7:02 remaining in the third quarter. The Clippers were up seven at the time.

While Toronto got to within 70-68 later in the quarter, the Clippers pushed the lead back to 12 shortly before the start the fourth.

The third-quarter technical was VanVleet's eighth of the season.

The Raptors have had two straight games with second-half technical fouls. During their 118-113 loss at Denver on Monday, official Scott Foster called Scottie Barnes for a technical foul before ejecting him with 28 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter. The Nuggets were leading by one at the time.

Foster said in the postgame pool report that Barnes was ejected on one technical because "he used verbiage that which directly questioned the integrity of the crew."

Three of VanVleet's eight technicals have come from Taylor, with one other coming from another official in a game Taylor was working. VanVleet said that "at a certain point as a player, you feel it's personal and it's never a good place to be."

He was asked if anything he said Wednesday night warranted a tech.

"There's been certain times this year where I feel our team is getting consumed with the way the whistle is going," VanVleet said. "Especially after the night we just had in Denver, the way that finished, so there were a couple calls earlier that we all disagreed with. And if I say to my team, 'Come on, guys, let's keep playing [through] the bull----' and that warrants a tech, I think that's a little bit crazy. Like what are we doing? Know what I mean?

"And there's a fine line obviously, I understand that. But I think the jurisdiction and the power trip that we've been on this year with some of our officials in this league is getting out of hand and I'll take my fine for speaking on it, but it's f---ing ridiculous."The 53-year-old six-time NBA all-star is set to be arraigned on Thursday.

Former Seattle Supersonics star and NBA great Shawn Kemp has been arrested for his alleged involvement in a drive-by shooting at a mall, police say.

The incident occurred at approximately 1:58 p.m. when officers from the Tacoma Police Department in Washington responded to reports of shots being fired in the parking lot of the Tacoma Mall, the largest shopping center in the city.

Responding officers determined an altercation had occurred between two parties in vehicles, said the Tacoma Police Department in a statement following the incident. One of the drivers fired off several rounds at the occupants of the other vehicle.

A short time later, officers say they were able to locate the suspect who had fired shots at the driver of the other car and arrest the 53-year-old suspect without incident. Authorities also confirmed that a firearm was recovered from the scene.

Online arrest records for Pierce County Corrections show that Shawn Kemp, 53, was booked on a felony drive-by-shooting charge at 5:58 p.m. -- four hours after the incident took place at the Tacoma Mall.

In this July 17, 2018 file photo Shawn Kemp attends Players' Night Out 2018 hosted by The Players' Tribune in Studio City, Calif. Leon Bennett/Getty Images, FILE

Kemp, a six-time NBA all-star who led the Seattle Supersonics to the 1996 NBA Finals, was denied bail and is set to be arraigned on Thursday, according to ABC News Seattle affiliate KOMO.

The motives behind the alleged shooting are currently unclear.

Kemp -- nicknamed Reign Man -- played 14 seasons in the NBA, including eight with the Seattle SuperSonics who selected him 17th overall in the 1989 draft, as well as stints with the Cleveland Cavaliers, Portland Trailblazers and the Orlando Magic before dropping out of the league following the conclusion on the 2003 NBA season.

In 2020, Kemp opened a cannabis shop in the Seattle's Belltown neighborhood and just last month he opened a second location in Seattle's SODO neighborhood, according to KOMO.

The investigation into the shooting is currently ongoing and anyone with information regarding this incident is asked to contact Crime Stoppers.The 53-year-old six-time NBA all-star is set to be arraigned on Thursday.

Former Seattle Supersonics star and NBA great Shawn Kemp has been arrested for his alleged involvement in a drive-by shooting at a mall, police say.

The incident occurred at approximately 1:58 p.m. when officers from the Tacoma Police Department in Washington responded to reports of shots being fired in the parking lot of the Tacoma Mall, the largest shopping center in the city.

Responding officers determined an altercation had occurred between two parties in vehicles, said the Tacoma Police Department in a statement following the incident. One of the drivers fired off several rounds at the occupants of the other vehicle.

A short time later, officers say they were able to locate the suspect who had fired shots at the driver of the other car and arrest the 53-year-old suspect without incident. Authorities also confirmed that a firearm was recovered from the scene.

Online arrest records for Pierce County Corrections show that Shawn Kemp, 53, was booked on a felony drive-by-shooting charge at 5:58 p.m. -- four hours after the incident took place at the Tacoma Mall.

In this July 17, 2018 file photo Shawn Kemp attends Players' Night Out 2018 hosted by The Players' Tribune in Studio City, Calif. Leon Bennett/Getty Images, FILE

Kemp, a six-time NBA all-star who led the Seattle Supersonics to the 1996 NBA Finals, was denied bail and is set to be arraigned on Thursday, according to ABC News Seattle affiliate KOMO.

The motives behind the alleged shooting are currently unclear.

Kemp -- nicknamed Reign Man -- played 14 seasons in the NBA, including eight with the Seattle SuperSonics who selected him 17th overall in the 1989 draft, as well as stints with the Cleveland Cavaliers, Portland Trailblazers and the Orlando Magic before dropping out of the league following the conclusion on the 2003 NBA season.

In 2020, Kemp opened a cannabis shop in the Seattle's Belltown neighborhood and just last month he opened a second location in Seattle's SODO neighborhood, according to KOMO.

The investigation into the shooting is currently ongoing and anyone with information regarding this incident is asked to contact Crime Stoppers.PHOENIX -- Kevin Durant slipped and sprained his left ankle during pregame warmups Wednesday, knocking him out of what was supposed to be his first home game with the Phoenix Suns.

The team is hopeful Durant avoided a serious sprain, but he is scheduled for an MRI Thursday to determine the severity of the injury. Durant left the Footprint Center in a walking boot after the Suns beat the Oklahoma City Thunder, 132-101.

Devin Booker, who is on one of the hottest streaks of his career, still gave the disappointed crowd a show by exploding for 44 points on 17-of-23 shooting in just 28 minutes, leading the team to its fourth consecutive win.

"I feel bad for him because he feels bad," Suns coach Monty Williams said. "I saw his face and -- I've been around him so many times -- I know what he's feeling and I don't want him feeling that way at all."

A little more than an hour before tip off, Durant was doing an individual drill with coaches when he lost his balance as he lifted off to shoot. After briefly laying on the court, he was able to get up and finish his pregame workout.

But after he returned to the locker room, Durant experienced some swelling and was ruled out. Some teammates didn't realize what happened until they were ready to take the floor and saw Durant on the training table.

"In this league you been around for a while, you realize some people like to play. Some people love to play. Kev is one of the people that just love to hoop," said Chris Paul, who scored 18 points with nine assists. "Obviously knowing this was going be his first home game, we was all excited."

The focus of the night quickly shifted to Booker, who scored 30 points in the first half and was up to 35 just two minutes into the second half when foul trouble forced him from the floor.

The current Western Conference Player of the Week, Booker became the first player in team history to score 35 or more points in four consecutive games. He's shooting a sizzling 60% overall during that stretch and 53% on 3-pointers.

"We'll reschedule the party. I'm sure they'll be back, people that missed out on tonight," Booker said. "I tried to give them a little something to make it better."