More than 21 million people from California to Connecticut are under winter alerts on Friday as multiple storms move across the country.

Atmospheric river rain and snow in the West and a winter storm from the Midwest to the Northeast will make for an active weekend of weather across the country.

More than 70 million are under flood, heavy snow, blizzard and high wind alerts ABC News

Flood threat in the West

Heavy rain has been soaking a large portion of California, washing out roads and leading to a flash flood emergency in Springville on Friday.

By Friday morning, between 2 to 5 inches of rain had fallen in many areas of California, with local amounts upward of 7 inches in the mountains. An additional 4 to 8 inches of rain are possible throughout the day.

The majority of California remains under a flood watch or flood advisory Friday afternoon, as the combination of heavy rain and a dense snowpack contribute to life-threatening flooding.

Crews assess storm damage, which washed out North Main Street in Soquel, Calif., March 10, 2023. Nic Coury/AP

A flash flood warning was issued for northwestern San Luis Obispo County in southwestern California and will remain in effect until Friday 10 p.m. local time.

A flash flood warning was also in place Friday morning for central Santa Cruz County in Northern California due to heavy rain falling in the San Lorenzo River near Big Trees. The river was rapidly rising and is expected to be in a major flood stage.

The heavy rain should taper off into the weekend, though the flash flooding risk remains for parts of central and northern California through Saturday.

California is not done with rain after this storm, more rain is expected in northern California this weekend and even into next week. ABC News

In addition to the flooding threat, parts of California are getting hit with snow.

Heavy snow fell near Redding on Friday shutting down parts of Interstate 5. Some of the heavy snow from the California mountains will move into the Rockies, where a winter storm warning and an avalanche watch have been issued.

Locally, the Rockies could see 1 to 2 feet of snow, with the Sierra Nevada Mountains seeing additional 3 to 4 feet this weekend.

California's Sierra Nevada and San Bernardino mountains have seen several feet of snow in the last couple weeks.

Brian Dunham shovels snow near snowbanks piled up from previous storms during another winter storm in the Sierra Nevada mountains on March 10, 2023, in Mammoth Lakes, Calif. Mario Tama/Getty Images

President Joe Biden approved an emergency declaration for 34 counties in California on Friday because of the continuing severe winter storms across the state.

The Department of Homeland Security and Federal Emergency Management Agency can now coordinate disaster relief efforts, while FEMA is "authorized to identify, mobilize, and provide at its discretion, equipment and resources necessary to alleviate the impacts of the emergency."

More than 9,400 people in the state are under evacuation orders due to the "extreme weather" conditions, California Governor's Office of Emergency Services Director Nancy Ward said during a press briefing.

Snow for Midwest and Northeast as well

Part of the western storm will move east over the weekend, bringing blizzard conditions to the Upper Midwest and the Northern Plains with wind gusts will be in the 40-50 mph range.

In the East, a separate storm system is moving from the Great Lakes into the Northeast with heavy, wet snow. A winter weather advisory is in place in Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, where some areas could see several inches of snow overnight. New York City could see up to an inch of snow by Saturday morning.

Snow is expected across the Midwest and Northeast over the weekend. ABC News

Elsewhere, to the south, severe thunderstorms are possible with damaging winds, few tornadoes and large hail. Oklahoma and Arkansas will be in the bull's-eye on Saturday.

On Sunday, severe weather will impact an area from Mississippi to Georgia, including Jackson; Birmingham, Alabama; and just south of Atlanta. Damaging winds and hail will be the biggest threat.While there was no fire, the helicopter sustained "severe damage."

Four people are alive after a medical helicopter that was transporting a patient crashed in Macon County, North Carolina, on Thursday evening, according to Warren Cabe, Director of Macon County Emergency Services.

Three crew members were transporting a patient from a medical facility in Murphy, North Carolina, to Mission Hospital in Asheville when it crashed in Burningtown at around 7 p.m., according to Director Cabe.

Three of the people on board were transported to Mission Hospital with minor to moderate injuries, Cabe said. One other person on board was transported to Angel Medical Center in Franklin, North Carolina.

While there was no fire, the helicopter sustained "severe damage," said Cabe.

Four people are alive after a medical helicopter that was transporting a patient crashed in Macon County, North Carolina, on Thursday, March 9, 2023. Facebook / Macon County North Carolina 911

A section of Middle Burningtown Road will be closed until at least late day on Friday as investigators sift through the wreckage and work to determine the cause of the accident, authorities confirmed.

The Erlanger Health System spokesperson said only preliminary details were available but that this is the first crash in the LIFE FORCE program's 34-year history, according to ABC News' Asheville affiliate WLOS.

According to LIFE FORCE Air Medical, the company began operating out of Andrews, North Carolina, in August 2017 when it opened a base at the Western North Carolina Airport, WLOS said. LIFE FORCE operates two air-bus helicopters out of the base.

Authorities will continue processing the scene on Friday to determine the cause of the accident and the investigation is ongoing.The mother of a missing 11-year-old girl from North Carolina asked a distant relative if he could help smuggle them away from their home because she was in a bad relationship with her husband and wanted a divorce, according to a search warrant obtained by ABC News.

Diana Cojocari, 37, and her husband have been charged after they took three weeks to report her daughter, 11-year-old Madalina Cojocari, was missing.

Cellphone data reviewed by police showed that Diane Cojocari contacted and had extensive communication with her distant relative, Octavian Cebanu, according to police. Cebanu made multiple phone calls to phone numbers belonging to unidentified targets who are involved in drug and narcotic trafficking investigations, police documents show.

Two undated images of Madalina Cojocari, 11, released by the FBI. FBI

Police conducted a canine search of Diane Cojocari's car, during which the dog alerted to narcotics inside the passenger-side door. Police believe the car may have evidence of narcotics, drug paraphernalia or evidence of trafficking, according to the documents.

Several items were found inside the door, including a Moldova Agroindbank debit card belonging to Diana Cojocari; Madalina Cojocari's Romanian and Moldovan passports; Diana Cojocari's Romanian passport; and miscellaneous education and work certificates, according to the warrant.

On Dec. 15, 2022, Diana Cojocari went to her daughter's school and told administrators that the 11-year-old had been missing since Nov. 23, 2022, according to authorities. Police were then alerted and responded to the school.

Diane Cojocari told police she last saw her daughter when she went to bed at their home in Cornelius, North Carolina, on Nov. 23, according to the warrant. Diane Cojocari said she then had an argument with her husband, Christopher Palmiter, that night and the next morning he left to drive to his family's house in Michigan. When she went to check on her daughter the next day, she noticed she wasn't in her room, the warrant showed.

An undated photo of missing 11-year-old Madalina Cojocari released by the Cornelius Police Department. Cornelius Police Department

Diane Cojocari said she waited until Palmiter, who is not Madalina's birth father, returned to ask him if he had seen her daughter. He said he did not and asked her if she knew where the daughter was, according to the warrant.

A school official had attempted a home visit with a school counselor to check on the girl since she had not been to school for four days, the warrant said. No one answered the door and the official left a truancy packet.

Due to their failure to report that the 11-year-old was missing for three weeks, Cojocari and Palmiter were arrested on Dec. 17. They have both been charged with a felony.

The last confirmed public sighting of Madalina Cojocari was on Nov. 22, the FBI's Charlotte bureau said. Bureau investigators released a video in December they said showed the girl getting off a school bus at her usual stop in Cornelius, a suburb north of Charlotte.

In December, police said the parents "clearly" knew more than they have been telling investigators.Paul Flores was sentenced Friday to 25 years to life in prison for the 1996 murder of California college student Kristin Smart.

He is not eligible for probation.

He will be eligible for a parole board hearing in 15 years, at which point the board could grant or deny parole release, according to prosecutors.

A jury convicted Paul Flores in October on first-degree murder. The count alleged that he "with malice aforethought murder[ed] Kristin Smart" while "engaged in the commission of, or attempting to commit, the crime of rape."

Paul Flores stands during his murder trial in Monterey County Superior Court in Salinas, Calif., July 18, 2022. Daniel Dreifuss/Monterey County Weekly via AP, FILE

Prior to the sentencing, the judge denied two defense motions seeking a new trial and dismissal of charges and acquittal in the case.

Paul Flores, 46, a former classmate of Smart, was charged with murder, while his father was charged with being an accessory to the crime. Prosecutors say he helped hide Smart's body on his property in Arroyo Grande before moving it in 2020.

His father, Ruben Flores, was found not guilty of accessory to murder in connection with the crime.

Smart went missing walking home from a party at California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo. Her body has never been found, but authorities arrested Paul and Ruben Flores in April 2021 and found alleged evidence related to Smart's murder in their homes.

A judge ordered that the Flores trials be moved out of San Luis Obispo County more than 100 miles away -- north to Monterey County -- to ensure fair legal proceedings.

Paul and Ruben Flores were tried at the same time, but with separate juries hearing the case together during 11 weeks of testimony.

Kristin Smart, the California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo student who disappeared in 1996, is pictured in an undated photo. FBI via AP, FILE

"Today, our criminal and victim justice system has finally delivered justice for Kristin Smart, for the Smart family, and for our San Luis Obispo County community," San Luis Obispo County District Attorney Dan Dow said in a statement following the sentencing. "We thank the Smart family and our community for the tremendous trust and patience they placed in the investigation and prosecution of this terrible crime."

"We recognize the jury for their focused attention to the evidence and the Sheriff's Office for their tireless effort in building this case," the statement continued. "Today, justice delayed is not justice denied."

Smart's parents, who attended the sentencing, expressed mixed emotions afterward.

"Today is not really a day of joy, it's a day of relief that Kristin's voice was heard," Denise Smart told reporters. "That brings us a sense of peace, knowing that there will be no more victims."

The family of Kristin Smart make a statement after Paul Flores was sentenced to 25 years to life for her murder, March 10, 2023, in Monterey County, Calif. ABC News

Stan Smart said they don't have closure because they don't know where their daughter's remains are.

"We're not happy because we don't have our daughter," he told reporters. "As the judge pointed out, it's a sentence, but it doesn't bring back your loved one."

Stan Smart added he knows that local authorities will continue to look for her remains.

"We want to remind the community this case is not over yet. And it won't be over until Kristin has been returned to her family," San Luis Obispo County Sheriff Ian Parkinson said in a statement, calling the sentencing "a long time coming" but one that is "right and just."

Dow had thanked a true-crime podcaster after the jury reached a guilty verdict in the trial. Chris Lambert launched the series "Your Own Backyard" in 2019, recounting Smart's disappearance, which renewed public interest in the case. The podcast helped to identify additional witnesses and evidence that was "critical in the prosecution of this case," Dow said.

Lambert remarked to reporters that he was 8 years old when Smart disappeared, and that this case "has been my entire life."

"I just never expected step after step for all of this to unravel the way that it did," Lambert said. "Today's obviously the best possible outcome, short of finding Kristin."

ABC News' Dea Athon and Jennifer Watts contributed to this report.The podcaster had filed a no-contact order against the stalker.

A podcaster and her husband were shot and killed in their Redmond, Washington, home after a suspected stalker broke into the house at 1:45 a.m. Friday.

The stalking suspect, 38-year-old Ramin Khodakaramrezaei, was also found dead in the house.

Redmond police responded to a report of a shooting and found three people dead in the house after the mother of the female victim had escaped the home and called police from a neighbor's house.

Upon arrival, officers found a man who lived in the house lying on the ground in the front yard with a gunshot wound to the chest. Officers attempted to perform lifesaving measures, but he was pronounced dead at the scene.

A woman and her husband were killed after a stalker broke into their home in Redmond, Washington. KOMO

Inside the home, officers found the bodies of Khodakaramrezaei and the man's wife, who was allegedly being stalked by the suspect, in the primary bedroom. The suspect had died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound, Redmond Police Chief Darrell Lowe said during a press briefing Friday.

The suspect had broken into the house through the mother's bedroom window, according to Lowe. The suspect had an altercation with the mother before she was able to escape to a neighbor's house and call 911, the chief said.

A woman and her husband were killed after a stalker broke into their home in Redmond, Washington. KOMO

Police were familiar with the victim and residence as there was an ongoing stalking investigation.

"Khodakaramrezaei had reportedly listened to the female victim's podcasts and began communicating with her. The victim and suspect became friends, but when things escalated, she filed a no-contact order against him," Redmond Police said in a press release Friday.

A woman and her husband were killed after a stalker broke into their home in Redmond, Washington. KOMO

Lowe said the woman and Khodakaramrezaei first met on the social app Clubhouse. In one police report, she complained of more than 100 contacts from Khodakaramrezaei in one day, he said.

Lowe did not identify the victims, but the woman's name is noted in the protective order filed as Zohreh Sadeghi. In the order, she said, "[Mr. Khodakaramrezaei] has said many times that nothing short of his own death would make him leave me alone."

Police were in the process of trying to find Khodakaramrezaei -- a long-haul truck driver believed to have been from Texas -- and arrest him to serve a petition for protection order, said Lowe, who noted it was difficult to pinpoint his location because his employment kept him moving between states.

"A restraining order is simply a piece of paper that allows officers to take enforcement action should a suspect violate the court order. But a piece of paper does not protect a person when someone is intent on causing them harm," said Lowe.

The police chief noted the family had taken steps to protect themselves, but called this "the absolute worst outcome."

ABC News' Samira Said contributed to this report.An Indiana family is mourning the loss of a 13-year-old boy who died by suicide on Monday after, his parents say, he endured a barrage of bullying at his middle school.

Now, the school district is hiring outside investigators to probe the allegations.

In a phone interview with ABC News, family members of Terry Badger III described a child who was outgoing, kind and determined to reach the major leagues and play for his favorite team, the St. Louis Cardinals.

Terry Badger III’s dream was to play baseball for the St. Louis Cardinals. His parents say he died by suicide after being bullied in school. The Badger Family

"If I had to describe TB3 in one word, it's a protector," his uncle, Tony Badger, said. "When he's on the field he gives 150%, but if one of his teammates is struggling, he's always there to help them out.

"He had the biggest heart out of anybody in his family. I guarantee it," he added.

Terry was eager to interact with anyone he met, regardless of their age, said his father, Terry Badger II, who described a moment at a high school football game where his son approached a group of military recruits.

"Terry walked right up to them and shook all their hands and thanked them for their service, and every one of them broke down crying," the father said.

But even as he displayed a precocious ability to relate to others, Terry suffered relentless bullying at Covington Middle School, his parents told ABC News.

"He was being made fun of all the time," his mother, Robyn Badger, said. "[They] put him down, told him he was a loser. Told him he was fat and that he should kill himself. Kids told him he sucked at baseball. Every haircut he had they made fun of.

"Anything that kid did, they made fun of him," she added.

Terry Badger II said he met with school employees twice about what his son endured, alleging that in the most recent meeting, roughly six months ago, a teacher told him, "There is nothing we can really do because they're kids and we're teachers and we can't control everybody."

The teacher, reached by email Thursday night, declined to speak with ABC News.

Terry Badger III’s dream was to play baseball for the St. Louis Cardinals. His parents say he died by suicide after being bullied in school. The Badger Family

In a statement, Brady Scott, superintendent of the Covington Community School Corporation, said the district "is deeply saddened by the tragic loss of fellow Trojan Terry Badger" and announced an investigation into the claims that Terry was bullied.

"The gravity of this tragic event compels us to move forward immediately with an investigation from a neutral party outside our district. We pledge to be as transparent with the results as the law will allow," he said.

In follow-up emails with ABC News, Scott did not answer questions about the alleged meetings with school employees but said, "As a school district we work diligently to provide training, guidance and support to our staff and students in bullying detection and prevention."

"I can assure you that ANY allegation of bullying is taken seriously and investigated," he wrote.

The Covington Police Department did not respond to requests by ABC News for information about their response to Terry's death on Monday. A statement released Thursday night by Joshua Whittington, the Fountain County coroner, classified the death as a suicide.

Terry's death came hours after playing baseball, where he threw a pitch of more than 70 mph, one of many achievements on the field that Tony Badger, his uncle, said Terry was proud of.

"He would come up to me after tournaments and tell me how many home runs he hit," Tony Badger said about his nephew.

"Even if he had a really bad weekend [playing baseball,] he had a great weekend."

If you are struggling with thoughts of suicide or worried about a friend or loved one, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 [TALK] for free, confidential emotional support 24 hours a day, seven days a week.For nearly 25 years, Chris Johnson has been entangled in a deep mystery that he said has wrecked his family and his life.

It began in 1998, when Johnson found his fiancée Andrea Cincotta, 52, dead inside their Arlington, Virginia, apartment. She had been strangled and crudely stuffed inside a bedroom closet.

Andrea Cincotta was found dead in her Virginia home in August 1998. Courtesy Chris Johnson

Although immediately under suspicion by the police, Johnson was never charged. Then things changed in 2018. Convicted rapist Bobby Joe Leonard alleged to investigators he was offered money by a man he believed to be Cincotta's boyfriend to kill her.

This led to Arlington prosecutors charging Johnson with murder-for-hire in November 2021.

Johnson, 61, pleaded not guilty to the charge. He has maintained his innocence, and still grieves for Cincotta.

"I'm sorry I wasn't there to protect her," he told ABC News' Ryan Smith in an exclusive interview with "20/20."

Chris Johnson speaks with ABC News. ABC News

The "20/20" episode, which airs March 10 at 9 p.m. ET and streams on Hulu the next day, features more of the candid interview with Johnson, who was acquitted of his charge in October, footage from the police investigation and exclusive interviews with jurors.

Johnson returned home on Aug. 21, 1998, and said he couldn't find Cincotta, who worked as a librarian. Hours later, he said he opened the bedroom closet and found her body inside.

After calling 911, Johnson was interrogated by Arlington police for several days. He did not request an attorney. He told "20/20" that detectives were aggressive and yelled in his face that he murdered his fiancée.

At one point a detective told Johnson that Cincotta was alive after he came home and that his fingerprints were found on her. After the interrogation, Johnson learned that that was a lie.

Police interrogated Chris Johnson for several hours after his fiancée was found dead. Arlington Circuit Court

"I was in shock. How can they get away with it? How can they do that?," Johnson said. "You trust the police, the police don't lie….I literally had no reason to believe that they're lying to me."

After 25 hours of questioning over several days, Johnson said he was exhausted and began to tell officers a "dream vision" of how he imagined arguing and hurting his fiancée. He wrote down his vision and didn't ask for an attorney.

"If you had gone through what I went through for as long as I went through it and you had just found the woman you love dead, you're not in a good place," Johnson said.

It turns out, the details Johnson had provided in his supposed admission do not match the autopsy results - she had died from strangulation – not a blow to the head

Arlington Police released Johnson and did not charge him at the time.

Cincotta's son Kevin, who was 24 at the time, did provide investigators with a key clue. He remembered that his mother told him that she gave her computer to a man who was working at her apartment complex.

Johnson had also told police about the man, telling them "it was not like her to talk with a perfect stranger – especially to allow him in the apartment."

Although Kevin Cincotta didn't know the man's name, investigators were able to identify the person as Bobby Joe Leonard. Leonard was in a Philadelphia jail after being arrested for allegedly assaulting his wife.

The charges were later dropped.

Virginia investigators questioned Leonard in jail, and took his DNA and fingerprints. He denied murdering Cincotta and his DNA and fingerprints weren't be found in the home.

Johnson's attorney Frank Salvato alleged at Johnson's trial that investigators' handling of the crime scene compromised the touch DNA found on Cincotta's throat so it could not be tested.

The prosecutors said detectives could have done a better job processing the crime scene, but they insisted that this case wasn’t about the crime scene, it was about Johnson hiring Leonard to kill Cincotta.

Leonard would be arrested a year later on rape, abduction and attempted murder charges in Fairfax for brutally attacking a 13-year-old girl and leaving her for dead in a closet. He was convicted in 2000 and sentenced to life in prison.

Bobby Joe Leonard pleaded guilty in 2022 to murdering Andrea Cincotta. Arlington County Police Department

Around the same time, Johnson met Ginnie Grevett and the two would eventually marry. In an exclusive interview, Grevett told ABC News that Johnson told her about the murder investigation on their first date.

"I accepted it 100%," she said of Johnson's denial of murdering his fiancée. "It never occurred to me ever that he might have had anything to do with it whatsoever."

Johnson said Kevin Cincotta accepted his assurances that he had nothing to do with Andrea Cincotta's murder and they initially remained friends. But the two drifted apart and rarely spoke until 2018 when Kevin Cincotta asked to get together for lunch.

Johnson didn't know that Kevin Cincotta now suspected that he might be involved in his mother's death, and was working with investigators on the cold case.

In an attempt to catch Chris saying something incriminating, Kevin was wearing a wire.

During the lunch, Kevin tells Chris that he has seen the police file and now has a different take on the case. Kevin told Chris that he believed Chris killed his mother.

Chris Johnson told "20/20, "I was really hurt. I was like, I wonder if he was wearing a wire because of the way he was asking the questions and everything like that."

That same year, investigators caught a break after Leonard claimed to have found God and confessed to the murder of Andrea Cincotta and made a shocking new allegation.

He told detectives that he strangled the librarian to death in her apartment, but he also alleged that he received a call and a $5,000 offer from an unnamed man who he believed to be Cincotta's boyfriend to commit the crime.

Officers and prosecutors would use his allegations to charge Johnson with murder for hire in 2021. Johnson denied being involved or contacting Leonard.

Andy and Chris in Madison. Courtesy Chris Johnson

"I was just like, it's ridiculous. I was racking my brain. How in the world did they come up with this?" Johnson said.

During the trial, prosecutors brought up Johnson's "dream vision" statement during his original questioning in 1998. They also put Leonard on the stand who testified in detail about how he killed Cincotta.

Salvato, who represented Johnson at trial along with Libbey Van Pelt and Manuel Leiva, noted that Leonard wouldn't take the stand until prosecutors agreed to put a request into the Virginia Dept of Corrections to have him moved to a different, lower-security prison.

During cross-examination, Salvato questioned Leonard's story that he knew that Andrea Cincotta's boyfriend was the man who called him about arranging the murder because he recognized her number on his landline's caller ID.

The defense brought in Leonard's ex-wife Frances Hudson who testified that their landline phone did not have caller ID when they lived together. She testified that she moved out of their home weeks before the murder after Leonard assaulted her.

Prosecutors admitted there was no forensic evidence tying Leonard and Johnson to the alleged murder-for-hire plot, claiming it was because too much time had passed to collect phone records and other verifying information.

Salvato pointed out an inconsistency in Leonard's testimony: he said that Cincotta didn't struggle when he attacked her, but the autopsy showed signs of bruising on Cincotta consistent with someone fighting back.

When the case was presented to the jury in October, it took just one hour to reach a verdict. Johnson and his attorneys were shocked by the speedy result.

"They gave it to the clerk. The clerk said, 'Not guilty,'" Johnson said. "It was a relief."

Chris Johnson speaks with ABC News' Ryan Smith. ABC News

Salvato claimed in a "20/20" interview after the verdict that he believed Johnson should never have been brought to trial.

"As he has said from day one," Salvato said, "he had nothing to do with Andrea Cincotta's death."

Two members of the jury spoke with "20/20" about their decision and said there was a lot of doubt in the prosecution's case.

"You don't hire someone to kill someone whom you've never met," jury forewoman Chen Ling told "20/20. "And, out of all the Bobby Joe Leonard testimony, he never claimed that they met. I feel like that was, for me, the important detail that gave reasonable doubt."

Another juror told "20/20" he questioned the tactics used during the interrogation with Johnson.

"It seemed to me that the police were just hammering home what they thought to be the case. They weren't taking his initial statements for face value. So it was pushing him to get to another answer," the juror said.

Kevin Cincotta, who testified against Johnson during the trial, declined to sit down for an on-camera interview with ABC News in time for air. He provided ABC News with a detailed account of the reasons he is still convinced Johnson is guilty of murder for hire.

Some of the reasons included what he calls suspicious behavior and alleged discrepancies in Johnson's story and information he believes Bobby Joe Leonard could only have received from Johnson.

Kevin Cincotta added he doesn't forgive Leonard, who was issued an additional life sentence for Cincotta's murder, but believes his allegations against Johnson.

The Arlington County Police Department declined to comment to ABC News on the criticisms raised by Johnson and his attorneys.

The Commonwealth's Attorney of Arlington County said in an email to ABC News, "We hope that through the process we have helped bring some closure to Ms. Cincotta's family. However, I must respect the verdict of the jury. We prosecuted a tough case in the fairest way we could, and that's where I believe I should leave it."

Chris Johnson and his wife Ginnie Grevett take a walk. ABC News

Although Johnson is currently free from prosecution, he said that he is forever changed by the experience.

"Something like this... You're never going to be the same," he said. "I used to be a lot more trusting. I trusted everyone, trusted the police, and now my eyes have been opened."A man has been charged with kidnapping in the case.

A Houston man has been charged with kidnapping for allegedly holding a woman captive in a locked Houston trailer for several years, court records show.

Abraham Bravo Segura, 42, was arrested on Wednesday and charged with kidnapping, a felony, for allegedly restraining the 32-year-old woman by "secreting and holding" her in a place where she was "not likely to be found," according to the complaint.

He also allegedly held her against her will by threatening to kill her, the complaint stated.

Authorities said a woman was held captive in this Houston trailer for approximately four years. KTRK

The woman was apparently able to call for help from a phone inside the home while Segura was at work, Houston ABC station KTRK reported.

Responding deputies found that all exits in the trailer were locked and burglar bars were on the windows, according to court records. Officers tried to cut padlocks before firefighters used power tools to cut the burglar bars, according to the records.

The Harris County Sheriff's Office released the booking photo for Abraham Segura. Harris County Sheriff's Office

During a bond hearing on Thursday, Segura repeatedly tried to defend himself and said that the "story is one-sided." Court officials said that probable cause was already found for bond and that they weren't going to argue the facts of the case during the hearing.

Segura was ordered held on $150,000 bond. If he is able to post bond, the conditions of release include that he be held on house arrest and have no contact with the woman or her family.

He is scheduled to be arraigned on Monday.The unidentified female was pronounced dead on the ship of unknown causes.

The FBI is investigating a “suspicious death” of a female passenger aboard a Carnival cruise ship while it was en route to the Bahamas.

The incident occurred on Carnival’s Sunshine during its Feb. 27 voyage from the United States to Nassau, Bahamas, when medical staff and other crew members aboard the ship were made aware of an unresponsive passenger and life-saving measures were immediately attempted, according to a statement from the FBI’s field office in Columbia, South Carolina.

Despite the crew’s best efforts, the unidentified female passenger was pronounced dead on the ship of currently unknown causes, though Carnival released a subsequent statement indicating that they believe the passenger died of natural causes.

“While we continue to cooperate with authorities, all indications pertaining to the death of a guest on board Carnival Sunshine suggest that it was a natural death due to a medical condition," Carnival said in the statement released on Tuesday. "We will defer to the FBI on any specific details which may possibly be released at a later date as we fully respect the investigative process, but our initial emergency medical response was appropriate and it appears that this was indeed a medical situation that sadly resulted in the death of a guest.”

The FBI is investigating a “suspicious death” of a female passenger aboard a Carnival's Sunshine cruise ship while it was en route to the Bahamas. Carnival Cruises

This incident remains under investigation by the FBI.

“The FBI investigates certain crimes on the high seas, as well as suspicious deaths of U.S. persons,” the FBI said. “As such, FBI Evidence Response Team (ERT) members responded to process the passenger’s room once the ship returned to the Charleston port on March 4.”

The “suspicious death” was isolated, according to the FBI, and there was no threat to any other passengers before or after the passenger was found deceased.Santos is under investigation by the House Ethics committee.

Embattled Rep. George Santos has been under fire from nearly the moment he was elected last year and is now under investigation over possible ethics violations.

Constituents, watchdog groups, and several Washington D.C. leaders including members of his own Republican party, have chastised him for lying about his previous jobs, and even his religion.

But for some people who interacted with Santos in the past, and alleged to have been scammed by him, his lies were personal.

In this Jan. 5, 2023, file photo, Rep. George Santos looks on as the House of Representatives continues voting for new speaker at the U.S. Capitol, in Washington, D.C. Mandel Ngan/AFP via Getty Images, FILE

Richard Osthoff, a Navy veteran, told "Impact x Nightline," he received nothing from Santos' charity in 2016 after Santos promised to raise money for the vet’s sick pit bull Sapphire. The dog would later die from its illness.

"Everything about him is fake, phony, horrible, destructive, [and] hurtful. He doesn't represent the values of our country," Osthoff told ABC News' Rachel Scott.

"Impact x Nightline" shares Osthoff's story and others who claim they were lied to by Santos alleged scams in an episode now streaming on Hulu.

"It's painful for me to be in front of cameras rehashing it all over again. I don't want to go through this, but somebody had to say something," Osthoff said.

The veteran says he was struggling with depression during his eight-year service with the Navy before he was honorably discharged. Osthoff said the loss of purpose set him spiraling.

But Sapphire helped change his life, according to Osthoff.

Richard Osthoff talks to "Impact x Nightline" about how George Santos allegedly cheated him out of money for his dog's medical treatment. ABC News

"She would know when I was going through a mood swing. She'd wake me up when I would have a nightmare. Whenever I'd start getting really manic, or depressed, she would just be all over me. I couldn't ignore her," he said.

Osthoff would end up homeless and in 2016 found out that Sapphire needed surgery costing $3,000 for a life-threatening medical condition.

That’s when Osthoff said a veterinarian technician gave him a tip about a non-profit foundation called "Friends of Pets United," or FOPU, run by a man named Anthony Devolder.

He said Devolder, whose full name Ostoff later found out is George Anthony Devolder Santos, promised to raise money to help pay for the cost of the surgery.

Osthoff said aside from one phone call, he communicated with Santos via text messages about the fundraiser, which he said was a success.

However, Osthoff said Santos never gave him a dime and became aggressive in his messages anytime he tried to follow up.

"I am a well known and public person. I have done rescues for many years and have a very reputable name for myself," according a text Ostroff says he received from Santos. "I don’t benefit from a dime! Matter [of] fact I’m very well off myself and I put in 30% of my annual income to FOPU."

Rep. from New York, George Santos, looks on as the House of Representatives convenes for the 118th Congress, Jan. 3, 2023, in Washington. Mandel Ngan/AFP via Getty Images

"I didn't mean anything to him. But that dog meant everything to me. He’s soulless," Osthoff said.

In January, Osthoff learned that FOPU never filed paperwork with the IRS to be a 501(c)(3) charity. This was around the same time he learned that the person he knew aas Anthony Devolder was the freshman Congressman from Long Island.

Osthoff said he felt a chill up his spine when he saw Santos in the news after he assumed office, but also felt some relief. He told ABC News he has spoken to the FBI about his incident.

"Now I know who he is. Now I can finally get the police involved if it's not too late," he said.

A source close to the GoFundMe situation confirmed to ABC News that Santos ran the account to help Sapphire.

When asked about Osthoff's allegations in February, Santos denied ever meeting Osthoff.

"I have no clue, I don’t know what it’s about," he said.

Osthoff isn’t the only one who says he was wronged by Rep. Santos.

Yasser Rabello told "Impact x Nightline" that he created a WhatsApp group with people who knew or interacted with Santos in the past. Rabello lived with Santos and his mother in Queens 10 years ago and said Santos would constantly lie to him about his work and his college education.

Yasser Rabello talks with "Impact x Nightline" about living with George Santos in Queens. ABC News

"Do you think that he’s dangerous?" ABC News' Rachel Scott asked.

"Not really dangerous, but as long as he stays in Congress, who knows what kind of power he can acquire," Rabello said. "And maybe he can become dangerous in the future. That's why we [are] trying to stop him as soon as we can."

Adrianna Parizzi, who lives in Brazil, is one of the members of that WhatsApp group and told ABC News she met Santos and his mother while they were living in Brazil 15 years ago. Parizzi alleged that Santos stole from her, but said she didn't go to the police because she feared she wouldn’t be taken seriously.

ABC News has not been able to verify the alleged theft.

Parizzi said she was shocked that Santos was elected into office.

"I always thought the United States was a superpower? How come they didn't see? They didn't check his lies?" she said.

Adriana Parizzi is part of a Whatsapp group of people who claimed to have known George Santos. ABC News

Santos declined to respond to comments to ABC News about Rabello and Parizzi's allegations. He told the New York Post that Parizzi's contentions were false.

Despite his denials, Santos, who has voluntarily and temporarily stepped down from his House committees, is already the subject of several probes into his alleged scams and ethics violations.

Brazilian authorities revived a 2008 case that alleged Santos forged checks. The Department of Justice, New York Attorney General's office, Nassau County DA, Queens County DA, and Federal Election Commission are looking into allegations of wrongdoing including fraud.

Federal authorities are looking into public filings by George Santos amid questions about the source of his wealth. In 2020, he reported he had a salary of $55,000 and listed no assets in publicly available filings. But in 2022, he valued his assets between $2.6 million and $11.25 million.

Last month, the House's Ethics Committee announced it is looking into whether Santos violated any laws or regulations including whether he "engaged in sexual misconduct towards an individual seeking employment in his congressional office."

Santos said he will comply with the investigation but has denied any wrongdoing.

Richard Osthoff talks to "Impact x Nightline" about how George Santos allegedly cheated him out of money for his dog's medical treatment. ABC News

Osthoff said he hopes that Santos faces the consequences of his alleged actions.

"He needs help. If sitting in a cell or sitting in a hospital room for a couple of years doesn't help him, I don't know what will," he said.Oregon is taking a major step in its pioneering of legalized psilocybin therapy with the graduation of the first group of students trained in how to accompany patients tripping on the psychedelic mushrooms

SALEM, Ore. -- Oregon was taking a major step Friday in its pioneering of legalized psilocybin therapy with the graduation of the first students trained in accompanying patients tripping on psychedelic mushrooms, although a company’s bankruptcy has left another group on the same path adrift.

The graduation ceremony for 35 students was being held Friday evening by InnerTrek, a Portland firm, at a woodsy retreat center. About 70 more will graduate on Saturday and Sunday in ceremonies in which they will pledge to do no harm.

“Facilitator training is at the heart of the nation’s first statewide psilocybin therapy and wellness program and is core to the success of the Oregon model we’re pioneering here," said Tom Eckert, program director at InnerTrek and architect of the 2020 ballot measure that legalized Oregon’s program.

The students must pass a final exam to receive InnerTrek certificates. They then take a test administered by the Oregon Health Authority to receive their facilitator licenses.

“The graduation of the first cohort of students from approved psilocybin facilitator training programs is a significant milestone for Oregon,” said Angie Allbee, manager of the state health authority’s psilocybin services section. “We congratulate Oregon’s future facilitators and the training programs they are graduating from on this incredible and historic moment in psilocybin history.”

The health authority reported Friday that so far it has received 191 license and worker permit applications, including licenses for manufacturers of psilocybin and service centers where the psychedelic substance would be consumed and experienced.

Allbee said she expects students will soon submit applications for licenses, “which will move us closer to service center doors opening in 2023.”

Some classes in InnerTrek's six-month, $7,900 course were held online, but others were in-person, held in a building near Portland resembling a mountain lodge.

The students were told that a dosing session at a licensed center should include a couch or mats for clients to sit or lie on, an eye mask, comfort items like a blanket and stuffed animals, a sketch pad, pencils and a bucket for vomiting. A session typically lasts at least six hours, often with music. Trainers emphasized that the facilitators' clients should be given the freedom to explore whatever emotions emerge during their inner journeys.

“We’re not guiding,” trainer Gina Gratza told the students in a December training session. “Let your participants’ experiences unfold. Use words sparingly. Let participants come to their own insights and conclusions.”

Researchers believe psilocybin changes the way the brain organizes itself, permitting users to adopt new attitudes more easily and help overcome depression, PTSD, alcoholism and other issues.

Eckert said the graduating students will be prepared to help clients see the benefits of psilocybin.

“I feel like it’s a big moment for our culture and country as we collectively begin to reexamine and reevaluate the nature of mental health and wellness, while bringing real healing to those in need,” he said.

Another facilitator training effort in southern Oregon has left students upset and a lawyer in the Netherlands trying to figure out what happened.

Synthesis Institute — a company based in the Netherlands that has over 200 students in Oregon, according to an article in Psychedelic Alpha — was declared bankrupt Tuesday, Dutch court documents showed. The company's website, which as of Friday had not been taken down, shows tuition being $12,997. The students are trying to get refunds.

“Synthesis really just has ripped the rug out from under us, for a lot of people,” one of the students, Cori Sue Morris, told Psychedelic Alpha.

Roos Suurmond, a lawyer in Amsterdam specializing in insolvency law, confirmed she has been appointed as a trustee to deal with the bankruptcy. She said in an interview she could not yet answer questions on the bankruptcy as she had so recently been appointed and still must investigate.

By February, the company’s liabilities totaled around $850,000, and it could not afford to pay its employees in the U.S. and the Netherlands, Psychedelic Alpha reported.

A real estate purchase in southern Oregon did not help matters.

An Oregon limited liability company, Oregon Retreat Centers LLC, was formed by Synthesis co-founder Myles Katz, Psychedelic Alpha reported. It purchased a 124-acre rustic retreat near Ashland, Oregon, in Jackson County for $3.6 million and planned to turn the site into a psilocybin service center, but a zoning problem developed.

While Oregon voters approved the measure on psilocybin in 2020, it did not make the drug legal until Jan. 1, 2023. The psilocybin sessions are expected to be available to the public in mid- or late-2023.

In November, Colorado voters also passed a ballot measure allowing regulated use of “magic mushrooms” starting in 2024.

___

Corder reported from The Hague, Netherlands.Documents from a defamation lawsuit against Fox News illustrate the pressures its journalists faced in the weeks after the 2020 presidential election

NEW YORK -- It wasn't critics, political foes or their bosses that united Fox News stars Tucker Carlson, Sean Hannity and Laura Ingraham when they gathered via text message for a gripe session shortly after the 2020 election.

It was their own network's news division.

“They're pathetic,” Carlson wrote.

“THEY AREN'T SMART,” Ingraham emphasized.

“What news have they broken the last four years?” Hannity asked.

The Nov. 13, 2020, conversation was included among thousands of pages of recently released documents related to Dominion Voting Systems' $1.6 billion defamation lawsuit against Fox for its post-election reporting. Like much of what was uncovered, the exchange ultimately may have little bearing on whether Fox will be judged guilty of libel.

Instead, the material offers insight into how Fox's stars and leadership responded at a time of high anxiety and how giving its audience what it wanted to hear took precedence over reporting uncomfortable truths.

The revelations have bolstered critics who say Fox News Channel should be considered a propaganda network rather than a news outlet.

Yet while Fox's news side has seen the prominent defections of Shepard Smith and Chris Wallace in recent years, it still employs many respected journalists — such as Jennifer Griffin, Greg Palkot, John Roberts, Shannon Bream, Bryan Llenas, Jacqui Heinrich and Chad Pergram.

They're left to wonder whether the raft of recent stories about Fox — from the Dominion documents and from Carlson's use of U.S. Capitol security video to craft his own narrative of the Jan. 6, 2021, attack — will make their jobs more difficult. Will fewer people want to work with them because of the dominance of Fox's opinion side?

Fox says it has increased its investment in journalism by more than 50% under Suzanne Scott, Fox News Media CEO, and usually leads its rivals in ratings during major breaking news stories.

“We are incredibly proud of our team of journalists who continue to deliver breaking news from around the world and will continue to fight for the preservation of the First Amendment,” the network said in a statement.

The post-election period in 2020 offered a stern test. The network's election night declaration that Joe Biden had won in Arizona, ahead of any other news organization, infuriated its viewers. Many were sympathetic to former President Donald Trump's claims of significant voter fraud even if, then as now, there has been no evidence of that.

After she covered a Nov. 19 news conference with Trump lawyer Rudolph Giuliani, then-Fox reporter Kristin Fisher said her boss in Washington, Bryan Boughton, called to say he was unhappy with her report. She said she was told she needed to do a better job of “respecting our audience,” according to documents released in the case.

“I believed that I was respecting our audience by telling them the truth,” Fisher, who now works at CNN, testified in a deposition on the Dominion case.

She later claimed that airtime was taken away from her in retaliation.

Heinrich drew the ire of Fox opinion hosts by tweeting a fact-check on some of Trump's claims. In a text message, Carlson profanely said she should be fired.

“She has serious nerve doing this,” Fox publicity chief Irena Briganti said in an internal memo released among the court papers, “and if this gets picked up, viewers are going to be further disgusted. Her job is to report, not to taunt the president of the United States.”

During a Nov. 14 text conversation, Scott and Lachlan Murdoch, the executive chairman and CEO of Fox Corp., talked about how a Trump rally should be covered on the network.

“News guys have to be careful how they cover this rally,” Murdoch said. “So far some of the side comments have been slightly anti, and they shouldn't be. The narrative should be this huge celebration of the president.”

In another message, he called Fox correspondent Leland Vittert “smug and obnoxious.” Vittert now works at NewsNation.

A week after the election, a Fox Corp. senior executive, Raj Shah, said in a memo that “bold, clear and decisive action is needed for us to begin to regain the trust that we're losing with our core audience.”

Dominion argues, as part of its lawsuit, that nervousness about what its viewers wanted led Fox to air allegations that the voting machine company was complicit in fraud that hurt Trump, even though many people at the network didn't believe them. In his own deposition, Fox founder Rupert Murdoch agreed the election had been fair and it “was not stolen.”

Fox counters that it was airing newsworthy charges made by the president and his followers.

Concern over the Arizona backlash spread to the news division, according to court documents. Fox News anchor Bret Baier said defending the call made him uncomfortable and suggested instead awarding the state to Trump. Roberts also sent a memo saying he’d been getting “major heat” over the decision.

In 2012, Fox stood strongly behind its decision desk when network commentator and veteran GOP aide Karl Rove questioned its correct call that Barack Obama had won in Ohio, essentially assuring him of reelection against Republican Mitt Romney.

In a memorable television moment, Megyn Kelly marched down the hall to hear the decision desk's explanation for why the call was made.

Eight years later, signs of timidity at Fox appeared in the days after its Arizona call. When other news organizations ultimately declared Biden the president-elect on the Saturday morning after the election, Fox waited about 15 minutes.

On Nov. 20, 2020, Rupert Murdoch discussed with Scott in a private memo whether two Washington executives key to the Arizona race call should be fired, saying it would send a “big message” to Trump allies. The executives, Bill Sammon and Chris Stirewalt, lost their jobs two months later.

A Fox spokeswoman characterized the discussions about the Arizona call as part of a typical postmortem that happens after big news events. Despite “intense scrutiny,” Fox stood by its call. Even though Sammon and Stirewalt were forced out, Fox kept consultant Arnon Mishkin, who has run its decisions desk, for the 2024 election.

Scott, answerable to corporate bosses, noted in her deposition that she considered herself a television producer.

“I don't consider myself a journalist,” said the head of Fox News Media. “I consider myself a TV executive. I hire journalists. I hire news people.”

Longtime Fox News Channel chief Roger Ailes wasn't a journalist, either — his background was in politics. To some longtime Fox watchers, though, Ailes recognized that Fox's opinion side drew strength from a solid news side, and he kept stronger barriers between the two.

Some of the information revealed in recent weeks illustrates how, in many ways, Fox has become less of an agenda-setter than an outlet that follows its audience, said Nicole Hemmer, a Vanderbilt University professor and author of “Partisans: The Conservative Revolutionaries Who Remade American Politics in the 1990s.”

To date, no one in Fox management has talked about the Dominion case to its journalists, leaving some wondering whether there is anyone standing up for them, said one Fox journalist, who spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of professional retribution.

“There is some fine journalism still being done at Fox News today,” said Kathleen Hall Jamieson, director of the Annenberg Public Policy Center at the University of Pennsylvania. She cited the transition of “Fox News Sunday” from Wallace to Bream.

The fallout from the Dominion case, however, leaves open the question of whether Fox journalists will be allowed to do their jobs unconstrained by other forces, she said.

“It would be useful for Fox News, at this point, to make a clear statement that the news division has complete and total autonomy and that a clear line is drawn between it and the rest of Fox,” Jamieson said.

____

Associated Press writers Christina A. Cassidy in Atlanta, Jonathan J. Cooper in Phoenix, Gary Fields in Washington, Jennifer Peltz in New York and Nicholas Riccardi in Denver contributed to this report.E. Jean Carroll is suing Trump for defamation after he denied her rape claim.

A federal judge in New York on Friday denied former President Donald Trump's attempt to block excerpts of the infamous "Access Hollywood" tape from being used as evidence in his upcoming defamation trial.

On the tape, which surfaced before the 2016 presidential election, Trump is heard saying that he just starts kissing beautiful women when he meets them.

"It's like a magnet. Just kiss," he says. "I don't even wait. And when you're a star they let you do it. You can do anything, grab them by the p----, you can do anything."

Trump has dismissed the tape as "locker room talk" and has argued the material is unfairly being used to suggest he has a propensity for sexual assault.

"Plaintiff, in continuing her unabashed demand to admit the Tape, has made it clear that she wishes to convert this trial into a referendum on Plaintiff's character and distract the jury from determining the merits of the controlling issues of this case," Trump's attorney, Alina Habba, argued last week.

While rules ordinarily prevent such propensity evidence, the judge on Friday ruled that it can be allowed in a civil case based on an alleged sexual assault.

"It is simply not the Court's function in ruling on the admissibility of this evidence to decide what Mr. Trump meant or how to interpret his statements," Judge Lewis Kaplan said.

Donald Trump attends the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) at Gaylord National Convention Center in National Harbor, Maryland, March 4, 2023. Evelyn Hockstein/Reuters

The judge also denied Trump's attempt to preclude the testimony of two women other than accuser E. Jean Carroll. The two women, Jessica Leeds and Natasha Stoynoff, have previously claimed Trump sexually assaulted them, which he denies.

"Mr. Trump has claimed that Ms. Leeds is a liar and that no such event ever occurred. And he will be entitled to make that argument to the jury. But that is not now the issue," Kaplan said.

The judge left open a question of whether Carroll's attorneys could use seven excerpts of speeches Trump gave on 2016 campaign trail. Each of the excerpts contain assertions by Trump that women who have accused him of sex assault were lying and that their looks were unappealing to him.

Carroll has alleged that Trump sexually assaulted her in a Manhattan department store dressing room in the 1990s and that he defamed her in 2019 when, during his presidency, he denied her rape claim by calling her a liar and saying "she's not my type."

The trial is scheduled to begin next month pending a decision in a separate court that could prevent the case from moving ahead if it's determined that Trump was acting in his official capacity as president when he allegedly defamed Carroll.

Carroll has filed a separate lawsuit against Trump alleging defamation and battery under a New York law that allows alleged adult sex assault victims to bring claims otherwise barred by the passage of time.In this Feb. 3, 2018, file photo, a sign outside the facility occupied by Silicon Valley Bank is shown in Tempe, Arizona.

In this Feb. 3, 2018, file photo, a sign outside the facility occupied by Silicon Valley Bank is shown in Tempe, Arizona.

In this Feb. 3, 2018, file photo, a sign outside the facility occupied by Silicon Valley Bank is shown in Tempe, Arizona.

In this Feb. 3, 2018, file photo, a sign outside the facility occupied by Silicon Valley Bank is shown in Tempe, Arizona.

Regulators have seized the assets of one of Silicon Valley’s top banks, marking the largest failure of a U.S. financial institution since the height of the financial crisis almost 15 years ago

NEW YORK -- Regulators rushed Friday to seize the assets of one of Silicon Valley's top banks, marking the largest failure of a U.S. financial institution since the height of the financial crisis almost 15 years ago.

Silicon Valley Bank, the nation’s 16th-largest bank, failed after depositors hurried to withdraw money this week amid anxiety over the bank’s health. It was the second biggest bank failure in U.S. history after the collapse of Washington Mutual in 2008.

The bank served mostly technology workers and venture capital-backed companies, including some of the industry's best-known brands.

“This is an extinction-level event for startups,” said Garry Tan, CEO of Y Combinator, a startup incubator that launched Airbnb, DoorDash and Dropbox and has referred hundreds of entrepreneurs to the bank.

“I literally have been hearing from hundreds of our founders asking for help on how they can get through this. They are asking, ‘Do I have to furlough my workers?’”

There appeared to be little chance of the chaos spreading in the broader banking sector, as it did in the months leading up to the Great Recession. The biggest banks — those most likely to cause an economic meltdown — have healthy balance sheets and plenty of capital.

Nearly half of the U.S. technology and health care companies that went public last year after getting early funding from venture capital firms were Silicon Valley Bank customers, according to the bank’s website.

The bank also boasted of its connections to leading tech companies such as Shopify, ZipRecruiter and one of the top venture capital firms, Andreesson Horowitz.

Tan estimated that nearly one-third of Y Combinator’s startups will not be able to make payroll at some point in the next month if they cannot access their money.

Internet TV provider Roku was among casualties of the bank collapse. It said in a regulatory filing Friday that about 26% of its cash — $487 million — was deposited at Silicon Valley Bank.

Roku said its deposits with SVB were largely uninsured and it didn’t know “to what extent” it would be able to recover them.

As part of the seizure, California bank regulators and the FDIC transferred the bank's assets to a newly created institution — the Deposit Insurance Bank of Santa Clara. The new bank will start paying out insured deposits on Monday. Then the FDIC and California regulators plan to sell off the rest of the assets to make other depositors whole.

There was unease in the banking sector all week, with shares tumbling by double digits. Then news of Silicon Valley Bank's distress pushed shares of almost all financial institutions even lower Friday.

The failure arrived with incredible speed. Some industry analysts suggested Friday that the bank was still a good company and a wise investment. Meanwhile, Silicon Valley Bank executives were trying to raise capital and find additional investors. However, trading in the bank’s shares was halted before stock market's opening bell due to extreme volatility.

Shortly before noon, the FDIC moved to shutter the bank. Notably, the agency did not wait until the close of business, which is the typical approach. The FDIC could not immediately find a buyer for the bank's assets, signaling how fast depositors cashed out.

The White House said Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen was “watching closely.” The administration sought to reassure the public that the banking system is much healthier than during the Great Recession.

“Our banking system is in a fundamentally different place than it was, you know, a decade ago,” said Cecilia Rouse, chair of the White House Council of Economic Advisers. “The reforms that were put in place back then really provide the kind of resilience that we’d like to see.”

In 2007, the biggest financial crisis since the Great Depression rippled across the globe after mortgage-backed securities tied to ill-advised housing loans collapsed in value. The panic on Wall Street led to the demise of Lehman Brothers, a firm founded in 1847. Because major banks had extensive exposure to one another, the crisis led to a cascading breakdown in the global financial system, putting millions out of work.

At the time of its failure, Silicon Valley Bank, which is based in Santa Clara, California, had $209 billion in total assets, the FDIC said. It was unclear how many of its deposits were above the $250,000 insurance limit, but previous regulatory reports showed that lots of accounts exceeded that amount.

The bank announced plans Thursday to raise up to $1.75 billion in order to strengthen its capital position. That sent investors scurrying and shares plunged 60%. They tumbled lower still Friday before the opening of the Nasdaq, where the bank's shares were traded.

As its name implied, Silicon Valley Bank was a major financial conduit between the technology sector, startups and tech workers. It was seen as good business sense to develop a relationship with the bank if a startup founder wanted to find new investors or go public.

Conceived in 1983 by co-founders Bill Biggerstaff and Robert Medearis during a poker game, the bank leveraged its Silicon Valley roots to become a financial cornerstone in the tech industry.

Bill Tyler, the CEO of TWG Supply in Grapevine, Texas, said he first realized something was wrong when his employees texted him at 6:30 a.m. Friday to complain that they did not receive their paychecks.

TWG, which has just 18 employees, had already sent the money for the checks to a payroll services provider that used Silicon Valley Bank. Tyler was scrambling to figure out how to pay his workers.

"We’re waiting on roughly $27,000," he said. "It’s already not a timely payment. It’s already an uncomfortable position. I don’t want to ask any employees, to say, ‘Hey, can you wait until mid-next week to get paid?’”

Silicon Valley Bank's ties to the tech sector added to its troubles. Technology stocks have been hit hard in the past 18 months after a growth surge during the pandemic, and layoffs have spread throughout the industry. Venture capital funding has also been declining.

At the same time, the bank was hit hard by the Federal Reserve's fight against inflation and an aggressive series of interest rate hikes to cool the economy.

As the Fed raises its benchmark interest rate, the value of generally stable bonds starts to fall. That is not typically a problem, but when depositors grow anxious and begin withdrawing their money, banks sometimes have to sell those bonds before they mature to cover the exodus.

That is exactly what happened to Silicon Valley Bank, which had to sell $21 billion in highly liquid assets to cover the sudden withdrawals. It took a $1.8 billion loss on that sale.

Ashley Tyrner, CEO of FarmboxRx, said she had spoken to several friends whose businesses are backed by venture capital. She described them as being “beside themselves” over the bank's failure. Tyrner's chief operating officer tried to withdraw her company's funds on Thursday but failed to do so in time.

“One friend said they couldn't make payroll today and cried when they had to inform 200 employees because of this issue,” Tyrner said.

___

Associated Press Writers Michael Liedtke, Cora Lewis and Matt O'Brien, Frank Bajak and Barbara Ortutay contributed to this story.While there was no fire, the helicopter sustained "severe damage."

Four people are alive after a medical helicopter that was transporting a patient crashed in Macon County, North Carolina, on Thursday evening, according to Warren Cabe, Director of Macon County Emergency Services.

Three crew members were transporting a patient from a medical facility in Murphy, North Carolina, to Mission Hospital in Asheville when it crashed in Burningtown at around 7 p.m., according to Director Cabe.

Three of the people on board were transported to Mission Hospital with minor to moderate injuries, Cabe said. One other person on board was transported to Angel Medical Center in Franklin, North Carolina.

While there was no fire, the helicopter sustained "severe damage," said Cabe.

Four people are alive after a medical helicopter that was transporting a patient crashed in Macon County, North Carolina, on Thursday, March 9, 2023. Facebook / Macon County North Carolina 911

A section of Middle Burningtown Road will be closed until at least late day on Friday as investigators sift through the wreckage and work to determine the cause of the accident, authorities confirmed.

The Erlanger Health System spokesperson said only preliminary details were available but that this is the first crash in the LIFE FORCE program's 34-year history, according to ABC News' Asheville affiliate WLOS.

According to LIFE FORCE Air Medical, the company began operating out of Andrews, North Carolina, in August 2017 when it opened a base at the Western North Carolina Airport, WLOS said. LIFE FORCE operates two air-bus helicopters out of the base.

Authorities will continue processing the scene on Friday to determine the cause of the accident and the investigation is ongoing.Security footage shows defendant escaping from court A murder suspect attempted to escape an Oregon court room after sheriff's deputies removed his shackles and is now facing additional charges of first-degree burglary and second-degree escape.Security footage shows defendant escaping from court A murder suspect attempted to escape an Oregon court room after sheriff's deputies removed his shackles and is now facing additional charges of first-degree burglary and second-degree escape.After 15 years in prison, they look forward to beginning their new lives.

When Michael Sutton and Kenny Phillips went out for Phillips' birthday in May 2006, they never thought it would result in them being wrongfully arrested and incarcerated for 15 years.

"It went down the same night as my 18th birthday," Phillips, 34, said to News 5 Cleveland of that fateful night in Cleveland. "Everybody was like, 'Let's go out for your birthday. Let's celebrate.' But wrong place, wrong time."

The two friends had attempted murder convictions overturned last September and on Thursday, the University of Akron granted them full scholarships to earn their college degrees.

Michael Sutton and Kenny Phillips pose at the University of Akron with their families. University of Akron

"It feels like a dream come true," Sutton said to News 5 Cleveland. "This was something I always dreamed about but being locked in prison for so long I didn't think it could happen."

Sutton, 35, was planning on attending the University of Akron in the 2006 school year before being incarcerated.

"I was on my way here. I never got to make it here," Sutton said to News 5 Cleveland. "I was coming to Akron for business administration. I had a full ride."

University of Akron President Gary L. Miller (left) awarded Michael Sutton (middle) and Kenny Phillips full scholarships after they were released from a wrongful conviction. University of Akron

"We are doing this as a way to present an opportunity to two gentlemen who had their opportunity ripped from their lives," University of Akron President Gary L. Miller said to ABC News in a statement. "An education gives you the opportunity for a fresh start."

The Innocence Project, an independent nonprofit that works to release wrongfully convicted individuals from prison, represented Sutton in court and helped to get him released.

According to a statement sent to ABC News from the Innocence Project, on the night of their arrest in 2006, as Sutton and Phillips were on their way home with two friends, the passengers of a nearby vehicle fired shots into another vehicle, injuring the occupants. Two Cleveland officers pulled over Sutton, Phillips and their friends and detained them.

They were all tried for attempted murder, and the testimonies of the police officers were the principal evidence used against the four friends, per the Innocence Project. Sutton and Phillips were the only ones convicted and received 41 and 65 years in prison, respectively. Throughout their time in jail, they maintained their innocence.

"This is what happens when police officers get it wrong and refuse to acknowledge their mistake," Donald Caster, Sutton's attorney with the Innocence Project, told ABC News in a statement. "Michael (Sutton) and Kenny (Phillips) were robbed of their early adulthood. Everything that people do in their late teens and twenties — to college, start a career, meet their partner, start a family — has all been delayed for Michael and Kenny. They are remarkable and they will overcome what was taken from them, but they shouldn't have to."

Michael Sutton (left) and Kenny Phillips (right) will attend the University of Akron in the Fall. University of Akron

In 2015, according to the Innocence Project, the Wrongful Conviction Project discovered two police officers possessed evidence that contradicted the two officers who detained Sutton and Phillips. The new information pointed to Sutton's and Phillips' innocence.

They were released in May 2021 and last September had their convictions overturned after spending a decade and a half in jail. A jury unanimously found Sutton and Phillips not guilty, according to the Innocence Project.

"Michael and Kenny are the reason why the people who do innocence work, which can be grueling, keep fighting on behalf of the wrongfully convicted," Caster said. "It has been an honor to be a small part of their story, and I am excited to see what lies ahead for them."

ABC News reached out to the Akron Police Department but have not yet received a response.

The Cuyahoga County Prosecutor's Office told ABC News in a statement that the Trial Court granted a new motion for a new trial, for which they were found not guilty, and that they respected the outcome.

"We respect the jury's verdict. We are excited to hear about the educational opportunities afforded to these two individuals. We hope they live a happy life and wish them success in their future endeavors," Lexi Bauer, Communications Manager for The Cuyahoga County Prosecutor's Office, said.

Sutton and Phillips both plan to start college in the fall.

"God gave us back everything we thought we lost, double time, "Phillips said to News 5 Cleveland. "I gotta keep going strong not just for myself, because I thought it was for myself, but for God. He was like, 'No, I saved you for a reason, keep putting out the message.'"After 15 years in prison, they look forward to beginning their new lives.

When Michael Sutton and Kenny Phillips went out for Phillips' birthday in May 2006, they never thought it would result in them being wrongfully arrested and incarcerated for 15 years.

"It went down the same night as my 18th birthday," Phillips, 34, said to News 5 Cleveland of that fateful night in Cleveland. "Everybody was like, 'Let's go out for your birthday. Let's celebrate.' But wrong place, wrong time."

The two friends had attempted murder convictions overturned last September and on Thursday, the University of Akron granted them full scholarships to earn their college degrees.

Michael Sutton and Kenny Phillips pose at the University of Akron with their families. University of Akron

"It feels like a dream come true," Sutton said to News 5 Cleveland. "This was something I always dreamed about but being locked in prison for so long I didn't think it could happen."

Sutton, 35, was planning on attending the University of Akron in the 2006 school year before being incarcerated.

"I was on my way here. I never got to make it here," Sutton said to News 5 Cleveland. "I was coming to Akron for business administration. I had a full ride."

University of Akron President Gary L. Miller (left) awarded Michael Sutton (middle) and Kenny Phillips full scholarships after they were released from a wrongful conviction. University of Akron

"We are doing this as a way to present an opportunity to two gentlemen who had their opportunity ripped from their lives," University of Akron President Gary L. Miller said to ABC News in a statement. "An education gives you the opportunity for a fresh start."

The Innocence Project, an independent nonprofit that works to release wrongfully convicted individuals from prison, represented Sutton in court and helped to get him released.

According to a statement sent to ABC News from the Innocence Project, on the night of their arrest in 2006, as Sutton and Phillips were on their way home with two friends, the passengers of a nearby vehicle fired shots into another vehicle, injuring the occupants. Two Cleveland officers pulled over Sutton, Phillips and their friends and detained them.

They were all tried for attempted murder, and the testimonies of the police officers were the principal evidence used against the four friends, per the Innocence Project. Sutton and Phillips were the only ones convicted and received 41 and 65 years in prison, respectively. Throughout their time in jail, they maintained their innocence.

"This is what happens when police officers get it wrong and refuse to acknowledge their mistake," Donald Caster, Sutton's attorney with the Innocence Project, told ABC News in a statement. "Michael (Sutton) and Kenny (Phillips) were robbed of their early adulthood. Everything that people do in their late teens and twenties — to college, start a career, meet their partner, start a family — has all been delayed for Michael and Kenny. They are remarkable and they will overcome what was taken from them, but they shouldn't have to."

Michael Sutton (left) and Kenny Phillips (right) will attend the University of Akron in the Fall. University of Akron

In 2015, according to the Innocence Project, the Wrongful Conviction Project discovered two police officers possessed evidence that contradicted the two officers who detained Sutton and Phillips. The new information pointed to Sutton's and Phillips' innocence.

They were released in May 2021 and last September had their convictions overturned after spending a decade and a half in jail. A jury unanimously found Sutton and Phillips not guilty, according to the Innocence Project.

"Michael and Kenny are the reason why the people who do innocence work, which can be grueling, keep fighting on behalf of the wrongfully convicted," Caster said. "It has been an honor to be a small part of their story, and I am excited to see what lies ahead for them."

ABC News reached out to the Akron Police Department but have not yet received a response.

The Cuyahoga County Prosecutor's Office told ABC News in a statement that the Trial Court granted a new motion for a new trial, for which they were found not guilty, and that they respected the outcome.

"We respect the jury's verdict. We are excited to hear about the educational opportunities afforded to these two individuals. We hope they live a happy life and wish them success in their future endeavors," Lexi Bauer, Communications Manager for The Cuyahoga County Prosecutor's Office, said.

Sutton and Phillips both plan to start college in the fall.

"God gave us back everything we thought we lost, double time, "Phillips said to News 5 Cleveland. "I gotta keep going strong not just for myself, because I thought it was for myself, but for God. He was like, 'No, I saved you for a reason, keep putting out the message.'"Two wrongfully convicted men get full rides to college After 15 years in prison, they look forward to beginning their new lives.Two wrongfully convicted men get full rides to college After 15 years in prison, they look forward to beginning their new lives.Paul Flores was sentenced Friday to 25 years to life in prison for the 1996 murder of California college student Kristin Smart.

He is not eligible for probation.

He will be eligible for a parole board hearing in 15 years, at which point the board could grant or deny parole release, according to prosecutors.

A jury convicted Paul Flores in October on first-degree murder. The count alleged that he "with malice aforethought murder[ed] Kristin Smart" while "engaged in the commission of, or attempting to commit, the crime of rape."

Paul Flores stands during his murder trial in Monterey County Superior Court in Salinas, Calif., July 18, 2022. Daniel Dreifuss/Monterey County Weekly via AP, FILE

Prior to the sentencing, the judge denied two defense motions seeking a new trial and dismissal of charges and acquittal in the case.

Paul Flores, 46, a former classmate of Smart, was charged with murder, while his father was charged with being an accessory to the crime. Prosecutors say he helped hide Smart's body on his property in Arroyo Grande before moving it in 2020.

His father, Ruben Flores, was found not guilty of accessory to murder in connection with the crime.

Smart went missing walking home from a party at California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo. Her body has never been found, but authorities arrested Paul and Ruben Flores in April 2021 and found alleged evidence related to Smart's murder in their homes.

A judge ordered that the Flores trials be moved out of San Luis Obispo County more than 100 miles away -- north to Monterey County -- to ensure fair legal proceedings.

Paul and Ruben Flores were tried at the same time, but with separate juries hearing the case together during 11 weeks of testimony.

Kristin Smart, the California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo student who disappeared in 1996, is pictured in an undated photo. FBI via AP, FILE

"Today, our criminal and victim justice system has finally delivered justice for Kristin Smart, for the Smart family, and for our San Luis Obispo County community," San Luis Obispo County District Attorney Dan Dow said in a statement following the sentencing. "We thank the Smart family and our community for the tremendous trust and patience they placed in the investigation and prosecution of this terrible crime."

"We recognize the jury for their focused attention to the evidence and the Sheriff's Office for their tireless effort in building this case," the statement continued. "Today, justice delayed is not justice denied."

Smart's parents, who attended the sentencing, expressed mixed emotions afterward.

"Today is not really a day of joy, it's a day of relief that Kristin's voice was heard," Denise Smart told reporters. "That brings us a sense of peace, knowing that there will be no more victims."

The family of Kristin Smart make a statement after Paul Flores was sentenced to 25 years to life for her murder, March 10, 2023, in Monterey County, Calif. ABC News

Stan Smart said they don't have closure because they don't know where their daughter's remains are.

"We're not happy because we don't have our daughter," he told reporters. "As the judge pointed out, it's a sentence, but it doesn't bring back your loved one."

Stan Smart added he knows that local authorities will continue to look for her remains.

"We want to remind the community this case is not over yet. And it won't be over until Kristin has been returned to her family," San Luis Obispo County Sheriff Ian Parkinson said in a statement, calling the sentencing "a long time coming" but one that is "right and just."

Dow had thanked a true-crime podcaster after the jury reached a guilty verdict in the trial. Chris Lambert launched the series "Your Own Backyard" in 2019, recounting Smart's disappearance, which renewed public interest in the case. The podcast helped to identify additional witnesses and evidence that was "critical in the prosecution of this case," Dow said.

Lambert remarked to reporters that he was 8 years old when Smart disappeared, and that this case "has been my entire life."

"I just never expected step after step for all of this to unravel the way that it did," Lambert said. "Today's obviously the best possible outcome, short of finding Kristin."

ABC News' Dea Athon and Jennifer Watts contributed to this report.Paul Flores was sentenced Friday to 25 years to life in prison for the 1996 murder of California college student Kristin Smart.

He is not eligible for probation.

He will be eligible for a parole board hearing in 15 years, at which point the board could grant or deny parole release, according to prosecutors.

A jury convicted Paul Flores in October on first-degree murder. The count alleged that he "with malice aforethought murder[ed] Kristin Smart" while "engaged in the commission of, or attempting to commit, the crime of rape."

Paul Flores stands during his murder trial in Monterey County Superior Court in Salinas, Calif., July 18, 2022. Daniel Dreifuss/Monterey County Weekly via AP, FILE

Prior to the sentencing, the judge denied two defense motions seeking a new trial and dismissal of charges and acquittal in the case.

Paul Flores, 46, a former classmate of Smart, was charged with murder, while his father was charged with being an accessory to the crime. Prosecutors say he helped hide Smart's body on his property in Arroyo Grande before moving it in 2020.

His father, Ruben Flores, was found not guilty of accessory to murder in connection with the crime.

Smart went missing walking home from a party at California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo. Her body has never been found, but authorities arrested Paul and Ruben Flores in April 2021 and found alleged evidence related to Smart's murder in their homes.

A judge ordered that the Flores trials be moved out of San Luis Obispo County more than 100 miles away -- north to Monterey County -- to ensure fair legal proceedings.

Paul and Ruben Flores were tried at the same time, but with separate juries hearing the case together during 11 weeks of testimony.

Kristin Smart, the California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo student who disappeared in 1996, is pictured in an undated photo. FBI via AP, FILE

"Today, our criminal and victim justice system has finally delivered justice for Kristin Smart, for the Smart family, and for our San Luis Obispo County community," San Luis Obispo County District Attorney Dan Dow said in a statement following the sentencing. "We thank the Smart family and our community for the tremendous trust and patience they placed in the investigation and prosecution of this terrible crime."

"We recognize the jury for their focused attention to the evidence and the Sheriff's Office for their tireless effort in building this case," the statement continued. "Today, justice delayed is not justice denied."

Smart's parents, who attended the sentencing, expressed mixed emotions afterward.

"Today is not really a day of joy, it's a day of relief that Kristin's voice was heard," Denise Smart told reporters. "That brings us a sense of peace, knowing that there will be no more victims."

The family of Kristin Smart make a statement after Paul Flores was sentenced to 25 years to life for her murder, March 10, 2023, in Monterey County, Calif. ABC News

Stan Smart said they don't have closure because they don't know where their daughter's remains are.

"We're not happy because we don't have our daughter," he told reporters. "As the judge pointed out, it's a sentence, but it doesn't bring back your loved one."

Stan Smart added he knows that local authorities will continue to look for her remains.

"We want to remind the community this case is not over yet. And it won't be over until Kristin has been returned to her family," San Luis Obispo County Sheriff Ian Parkinson said in a statement, calling the sentencing "a long time coming" but one that is "right and just."

Dow had thanked a true-crime podcaster after the jury reached a guilty verdict in the trial. Chris Lambert launched the series "Your Own Backyard" in 2019, recounting Smart's disappearance, which renewed public interest in the case. The podcast helped to identify additional witnesses and evidence that was "critical in the prosecution of this case," Dow said.

Lambert remarked to reporters that he was 8 years old when Smart disappeared, and that this case "has been my entire life."

"I just never expected step after step for all of this to unravel the way that it did," Lambert said. "Today's obviously the best possible outcome, short of finding Kristin."

ABC News' Dea Athon and Jennifer Watts contributed to this report.Santos is under investigation by the House Ethics committee.

Embattled Rep. George Santos has been under fire from nearly the moment he was elected last year and is now under investigation over possible ethics violations.

Constituents, watchdog groups, and several Washington D.C. leaders including members of his own Republican party, have chastised him for lying about his previous jobs, and even his religion.

But for some people who interacted with Santos in the past, and alleged to have been scammed by him, his lies were personal.

In this Jan. 5, 2023, file photo, Rep. George Santos looks on as the House of Representatives continues voting for new speaker at the U.S. Capitol, in Washington, D.C. Mandel Ngan/AFP via Getty Images, FILE

Richard Osthoff, a Navy veteran, told "Impact x Nightline," he received nothing from Santos' charity in 2016 after Santos promised to raise money for the vet’s sick pit bull Sapphire. The dog would later die from its illness.

"Everything about him is fake, phony, horrible, destructive, [and] hurtful. He doesn't represent the values of our country," Osthoff told ABC News' Rachel Scott.

"Impact x Nightline" shares Osthoff's story and others who claim they were lied to by Santos alleged scams in an episode now streaming on Hulu.

"It's painful for me to be in front of cameras rehashing it all over again. I don't want to go through this, but somebody had to say something," Osthoff said.

The veteran says he was struggling with depression during his eight-year service with the Navy before he was honorably discharged. Osthoff said the loss of purpose set him spiraling.

But Sapphire helped change his life, according to Osthoff.

Richard Osthoff talks to "Impact x Nightline" about how George Santos allegedly cheated him out of money for his dog's medical treatment. ABC News

"She would know when I was going through a mood swing. She'd wake me up when I would have a nightmare. Whenever I'd start getting really manic, or depressed, she would just be all over me. I couldn't ignore her," he said.

Osthoff would end up homeless and in 2016 found out that Sapphire needed surgery costing $3,000 for a life-threatening medical condition.

That’s when Osthoff said a veterinarian technician gave him a tip about a non-profit foundation called "Friends of Pets United," or FOPU, run by a man named Anthony Devolder.

He said Devolder, whose full name Ostoff later found out is George Anthony Devolder Santos, promised to raise money to help pay for the cost of the surgery.

Osthoff said aside from one phone call, he communicated with Santos via text messages about the fundraiser, which he said was a success.

However, Osthoff said Santos never gave him a dime and became aggressive in his messages anytime he tried to follow up.

"I am a well known and public person. I have done rescues for many years and have a very reputable name for myself," according a text Ostroff says he received from Santos. "I don’t benefit from a dime! Matter [of] fact I’m very well off myself and I put in 30% of my annual income to FOPU."

Rep. from New York, George Santos, looks on as the House of Representatives convenes for the 118th Congress, Jan. 3, 2023, in Washington. Mandel Ngan/AFP via Getty Images

"I didn't mean anything to him. But that dog meant everything to me. He’s soulless," Osthoff said.

In January, Osthoff learned that FOPU never filed paperwork with the IRS to be a 501(c)(3) charity. This was around the same time he learned that the person he knew aas Anthony Devolder was the freshman Congressman from Long Island.

Osthoff said he felt a chill up his spine when he saw Santos in the news after he assumed office, but also felt some relief. He told ABC News he has spoken to the FBI about his incident.

"Now I know who he is. Now I can finally get the police involved if it's not too late," he said.

A source close to the GoFundMe situation confirmed to ABC News that Santos ran the account to help Sapphire.

When asked about Osthoff's allegations in February, Santos denied ever meeting Osthoff.

"I have no clue, I don’t know what it’s about," he said.

Osthoff isn’t the only one who says he was wronged by Rep. Santos.

Yasser Rabello told "Impact x Nightline" that he created a WhatsApp group with people who knew or interacted with Santos in the past. Rabello lived with Santos and his mother in Queens 10 years ago and said Santos would constantly lie to him about his work and his college education.

Yasser Rabello talks with "Impact x Nightline" about living with George Santos in Queens. ABC News

"Do you think that he’s dangerous?" ABC News' Rachel Scott asked.

"Not really dangerous, but as long as he stays in Congress, who knows what kind of power he can acquire," Rabello said. "And maybe he can become dangerous in the future. That's why we [are] trying to stop him as soon as we can."

Adrianna Parizzi, who lives in Brazil, is one of the members of that WhatsApp group and told ABC News she met Santos and his mother while they were living in Brazil 15 years ago. Parizzi alleged that Santos stole from her, but said she didn't go to the police because she feared she wouldn’t be taken seriously.

ABC News has not been able to verify the alleged theft.

Parizzi said she was shocked that Santos was elected into office.

"I always thought the United States was a superpower? How come they didn't see? They didn't check his lies?" she said.

Adriana Parizzi is part of a Whatsapp group of people who claimed to have known George Santos. ABC News

Santos declined to respond to comments to ABC News about Rabello and Parizzi's allegations. He told the New York Post that Parizzi's contentions were false.

Despite his denials, Santos, who has voluntarily and temporarily stepped down from his House committees, is already the subject of several probes into his alleged scams and ethics violations.

Brazilian authorities revived a 2008 case that alleged Santos forged checks. The Department of Justice, New York Attorney General's office, Nassau County DA, Queens County DA, and Federal Election Commission are looking into allegations of wrongdoing including fraud.

Federal authorities are looking into public filings by George Santos amid questions about the source of his wealth. In 2020, he reported he had a salary of $55,000 and listed no assets in publicly available filings. But in 2022, he valued his assets between $2.6 million and $11.25 million.

Last month, the House's Ethics Committee announced it is looking into whether Santos violated any laws or regulations including whether he "engaged in sexual misconduct towards an individual seeking employment in his congressional office."

Santos said he will comply with the investigation but has denied any wrongdoing.

Richard Osthoff talks to "Impact x Nightline" about how George Santos allegedly cheated him out of money for his dog's medical treatment. ABC News

Osthoff said he hopes that Santos faces the consequences of his alleged actions.

"He needs help. If sitting in a cell or sitting in a hospital room for a couple of years doesn't help him, I don't know what will," he said.Santos is under investigation by the House Ethics committee.

Embattled Rep. George Santos has been under fire from nearly the moment he was elected last year and is now under investigation over possible ethics violations.

Constituents, watchdog groups, and several Washington D.C. leaders including members of his own Republican party, have chastised him for lying about his previous jobs, and even his religion.

But for some people who interacted with Santos in the past, and alleged to have been scammed by him, his lies were personal.

In this Jan. 5, 2023, file photo, Rep. George Santos looks on as the House of Representatives continues voting for new speaker at the U.S. Capitol, in Washington, D.C. Mandel Ngan/AFP via Getty Images, FILE

Richard Osthoff, a Navy veteran, told "Impact x Nightline," he received nothing from Santos' charity in 2016 after Santos promised to raise money for the vet’s sick pit bull Sapphire. The dog would later die from its illness.

"Everything about him is fake, phony, horrible, destructive, [and] hurtful. He doesn't represent the values of our country," Osthoff told ABC News' Rachel Scott.

"Impact x Nightline" shares Osthoff's story and others who claim they were lied to by Santos alleged scams in an episode now streaming on Hulu.

"It's painful for me to be in front of cameras rehashing it all over again. I don't want to go through this, but somebody had to say something," Osthoff said.

The veteran says he was struggling with depression during his eight-year service with the Navy before he was honorably discharged. Osthoff said the loss of purpose set him spiraling.

But Sapphire helped change his life, according to Osthoff.

Richard Osthoff talks to "Impact x Nightline" about how George Santos allegedly cheated him out of money for his dog's medical treatment. ABC News

"She would know when I was going through a mood swing. She'd wake me up when I would have a nightmare. Whenever I'd start getting really manic, or depressed, she would just be all over me. I couldn't ignore her," he said.

Osthoff would end up homeless and in 2016 found out that Sapphire needed surgery costing $3,000 for a life-threatening medical condition.

That’s when Osthoff said a veterinarian technician gave him a tip about a non-profit foundation called "Friends of Pets United," or FOPU, run by a man named Anthony Devolder.

He said Devolder, whose full name Ostoff later found out is George Anthony Devolder Santos, promised to raise money to help pay for the cost of the surgery.

Osthoff said aside from one phone call, he communicated with Santos via text messages about the fundraiser, which he said was a success.

However, Osthoff said Santos never gave him a dime and became aggressive in his messages anytime he tried to follow up.

"I am a well known and public person. I have done rescues for many years and have a very reputable name for myself," according a text Ostroff says he received from Santos. "I don’t benefit from a dime! Matter [of] fact I’m very well off myself and I put in 30% of my annual income to FOPU."

Rep. from New York, George Santos, looks on as the House of Representatives convenes for the 118th Congress, Jan. 3, 2023, in Washington. Mandel Ngan/AFP via Getty Images

"I didn't mean anything to him. But that dog meant everything to me. He’s soulless," Osthoff said.

In January, Osthoff learned that FOPU never filed paperwork with the IRS to be a 501(c)(3) charity. This was around the same time he learned that the person he knew aas Anthony Devolder was the freshman Congressman from Long Island.

Osthoff said he felt a chill up his spine when he saw Santos in the news after he assumed office, but also felt some relief. He told ABC News he has spoken to the FBI about his incident.

"Now I know who he is. Now I can finally get the police involved if it's not too late," he said.

A source close to the GoFundMe situation confirmed to ABC News that Santos ran the account to help Sapphire.

When asked about Osthoff's allegations in February, Santos denied ever meeting Osthoff.

"I have no clue, I don’t know what it’s about," he said.

Osthoff isn’t the only one who says he was wronged by Rep. Santos.

Yasser Rabello told "Impact x Nightline" that he created a WhatsApp group with people who knew or interacted with Santos in the past. Rabello lived with Santos and his mother in Queens 10 years ago and said Santos would constantly lie to him about his work and his college education.

Yasser Rabello talks with "Impact x Nightline" about living with George Santos in Queens. ABC News

"Do you think that he’s dangerous?" ABC News' Rachel Scott asked.

"Not really dangerous, but as long as he stays in Congress, who knows what kind of power he can acquire," Rabello said. "And maybe he can become dangerous in the future. That's why we [are] trying to stop him as soon as we can."

Adrianna Parizzi, who lives in Brazil, is one of the members of that WhatsApp group and told ABC News she met Santos and his mother while they were living in Brazil 15 years ago. Parizzi alleged that Santos stole from her, but said she didn't go to the police because she feared she wouldn’t be taken seriously.

ABC News has not been able to verify the alleged theft.

Parizzi said she was shocked that Santos was elected into office.

"I always thought the United States was a superpower? How come they didn't see? They didn't check his lies?" she said.

Adriana Parizzi is part of a Whatsapp group of people who claimed to have known George Santos. ABC News

Santos declined to respond to comments to ABC News about Rabello and Parizzi's allegations. He told the New York Post that Parizzi's contentions were false.

Despite his denials, Santos, who has voluntarily and temporarily stepped down from his House committees, is already the subject of several probes into his alleged scams and ethics violations.

Brazilian authorities revived a 2008 case that alleged Santos forged checks. The Department of Justice, New York Attorney General's office, Nassau County DA, Queens County DA, and Federal Election Commission are looking into allegations of wrongdoing including fraud.

Federal authorities are looking into public filings by George Santos amid questions about the source of his wealth. In 2020, he reported he had a salary of $55,000 and listed no assets in publicly available filings. But in 2022, he valued his assets between $2.6 million and $11.25 million.

Last month, the House's Ethics Committee announced it is looking into whether Santos violated any laws or regulations including whether he "engaged in sexual misconduct towards an individual seeking employment in his congressional office."

Santos said he will comply with the investigation but has denied any wrongdoing.

Richard Osthoff talks to "Impact x Nightline" about how George Santos allegedly cheated him out of money for his dog's medical treatment. ABC News

Osthoff said he hopes that Santos faces the consequences of his alleged actions.

"He needs help. If sitting in a cell or sitting in a hospital room for a couple of years doesn't help him, I don't know what will," he said.The podcaster had filed a no-contact order against the stalker.

A podcaster and her husband were shot and killed in their Redmond, Washington, home after a suspected stalker broke into the house at 1:45 a.m. Friday.

The stalking suspect, 38-year-old Ramin Khodakaramrezaei, was also found dead in the house.

Redmond police responded to a report of a shooting and found three people dead in the house after the mother of the female victim had escaped the home and called police from a neighbor's house.

Upon arrival, officers found a man who lived in the house lying on the ground in the front yard with a gunshot wound to the chest. Officers attempted to perform lifesaving measures, but he was pronounced dead at the scene.

A woman and her husband were killed after a stalker broke into their home in Redmond, Washington. KOMO

Inside the home, officers found the bodies of Khodakaramrezaei and the man's wife, who was allegedly being stalked by the suspect, in the primary bedroom. The suspect had died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound, Redmond Police Chief Darrell Lowe said during a press briefing Friday.

The suspect had broken into the house through the mother's bedroom window, according to Lowe. The suspect had an altercation with the mother before she was able to escape to a neighbor's house and call 911, the chief said.

A woman and her husband were killed after a stalker broke into their home in Redmond, Washington. KOMO

Police were familiar with the victim and residence as there was an ongoing stalking investigation.

"Khodakaramrezaei had reportedly listened to the female victim's podcasts and began communicating with her. The victim and suspect became friends, but when things escalated, she filed a no-contact order against him," Redmond Police said in a press release Friday.

A woman and her husband were killed after a stalker broke into their home in Redmond, Washington. KOMO

Lowe said the woman and Khodakaramrezaei first met on the social app Clubhouse. In one police report, she complained of more than 100 contacts from Khodakaramrezaei in one day, he said.

Lowe did not identify the victims, but the woman's name is noted in the protective order filed as Zohreh Sadeghi. In the order, she said, "[Mr. Khodakaramrezaei] has said many times that nothing short of his own death would make him leave me alone."

Police were in the process of trying to find Khodakaramrezaei -- a long-haul truck driver believed to have been from Texas -- and arrest him to serve a petition for protection order, said Lowe, who noted it was difficult to pinpoint his location because his employment kept him moving between states.

"A restraining order is simply a piece of paper that allows officers to take enforcement action should a suspect violate the court order. But a piece of paper does not protect a person when someone is intent on causing them harm," said Lowe.

The police chief noted the family had taken steps to protect themselves, but called this "the absolute worst outcome."

ABC News' Samira Said contributed to this report.The podcaster had filed a no-contact order against the stalker.

A podcaster and her husband were shot and killed in their Redmond, Washington, home after a suspected stalker broke into the house at 1:45 a.m. Friday.

The stalking suspect, 38-year-old Ramin Khodakaramrezaei, was also found dead in the house.

Redmond police responded to a report of a shooting and found three people dead in the house after the mother of the female victim had escaped the home and called police from a neighbor's house.

Upon arrival, officers found a man who lived in the house lying on the ground in the front yard with a gunshot wound to the chest. Officers attempted to perform lifesaving measures, but he was pronounced dead at the scene.

A woman and her husband were killed after a stalker broke into their home in Redmond, Washington. KOMO

Inside the home, officers found the bodies of Khodakaramrezaei and the man's wife, who was allegedly being stalked by the suspect, in the primary bedroom. The suspect had died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound, Redmond Police Chief Darrell Lowe said during a press briefing Friday.

The suspect had broken into the house through the mother's bedroom window, according to Lowe. The suspect had an altercation with the mother before she was able to escape to a neighbor's house and call 911, the chief said.

A woman and her husband were killed after a stalker broke into their home in Redmond, Washington. KOMO

Police were familiar with the victim and residence as there was an ongoing stalking investigation.

"Khodakaramrezaei had reportedly listened to the female victim's podcasts and began communicating with her. The victim and suspect became friends, but when things escalated, she filed a no-contact order against him," Redmond Police said in a press release Friday.

A woman and her husband were killed after a stalker broke into their home in Redmond, Washington. KOMO

Lowe said the woman and Khodakaramrezaei first met on the social app Clubhouse. In one police report, she complained of more than 100 contacts from Khodakaramrezaei in one day, he said.

Lowe did not identify the victims, but the woman's name is noted in the protective order filed as Zohreh Sadeghi. In the order, she said, "[Mr. Khodakaramrezaei] has said many times that nothing short of his own death would make him leave me alone."

Police were in the process of trying to find Khodakaramrezaei -- a long-haul truck driver believed to have been from Texas -- and arrest him to serve a petition for protection order, said Lowe, who noted it was difficult to pinpoint his location because his employment kept him moving between states.

"A restraining order is simply a piece of paper that allows officers to take enforcement action should a suspect violate the court order. But a piece of paper does not protect a person when someone is intent on causing them harm," said Lowe.

The police chief noted the family had taken steps to protect themselves, but called this "the absolute worst outcome."

ABC News' Samira Said contributed to this report.More than 21 million people from California to Connecticut are under winter alerts on Friday as multiple storms move across the country.

Atmospheric river rain and snow in the West and a winter storm from the Midwest to the Northeast will make for an active weekend of weather across the country.

More than 70 million are under flood, heavy snow, blizzard and high wind alerts ABC News

Flood threat in the West

Heavy rain has been soaking a large portion of California, washing out roads and leading to a flash flood emergency in Springville on Friday.

By Friday morning, between 2 to 5 inches of rain had fallen in many areas of California, with local amounts upward of 7 inches in the mountains. An additional 4 to 8 inches of rain are possible throughout the day.

The majority of California remains under a flood watch or flood advisory Friday afternoon, as the combination of heavy rain and a dense snowpack contribute to life-threatening flooding.

Crews assess storm damage, which washed out North Main Street in Soquel, Calif., March 10, 2023. Nic Coury/AP

A flash flood warning was issued for northwestern San Luis Obispo County in southwestern California and will remain in effect until Friday 10 p.m. local time.

A flash flood warning was also in place Friday morning for central Santa Cruz County in Northern California due to heavy rain falling in the San Lorenzo River near Big Trees. The river was rapidly rising and is expected to be in a major flood stage.

The heavy rain should taper off into the weekend, though the flash flooding risk remains for parts of central and northern California through Saturday.

California is not done with rain after this storm, more rain is expected in northern California this weekend and even into next week. ABC News

In addition to the flooding threat, parts of California are getting hit with snow.

Heavy snow fell near Redding on Friday shutting down parts of Interstate 5. Some of the heavy snow from the California mountains will move into the Rockies, where a winter storm warning and an avalanche watch have been issued.

Locally, the Rockies could see 1 to 2 feet of snow, with the Sierra Nevada Mountains seeing additional 3 to 4 feet this weekend.

California's Sierra Nevada and San Bernardino mountains have seen several feet of snow in the last couple weeks.

Brian Dunham shovels snow near snowbanks piled up from previous storms during another winter storm in the Sierra Nevada mountains on March 10, 2023, in Mammoth Lakes, Calif. Mario Tama/Getty Images

President Joe Biden approved an emergency declaration for 34 counties in California on Friday because of the continuing severe winter storms across the state.

The Department of Homeland Security and Federal Emergency Management Agency can now coordinate disaster relief efforts, while FEMA is "authorized to identify, mobilize, and provide at its discretion, equipment and resources necessary to alleviate the impacts of the emergency."

More than 9,400 people in the state are under evacuation orders due to the "extreme weather" conditions, California Governor's Office of Emergency Services Director Nancy Ward said during a press briefing.

Snow for Midwest and Northeast as well

Part of the western storm will move east over the weekend, bringing blizzard conditions to the Upper Midwest and the Northern Plains with wind gusts will be in the 40-50 mph range.

In the East, a separate storm system is moving from the Great Lakes into the Northeast with heavy, wet snow. A winter weather advisory is in place in Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, where some areas could see several inches of snow overnight. New York City could see up to an inch of snow by Saturday morning.

Snow is expected across the Midwest and Northeast over the weekend. ABC News

Elsewhere, to the south, severe thunderstorms are possible with damaging winds, few tornadoes and large hail. Oklahoma and Arkansas will be in the bull's-eye on Saturday.

On Sunday, severe weather will impact an area from Mississippi to Georgia, including Jackson; Birmingham, Alabama; and just south of Atlanta. Damaging winds and hail will be the biggest threat.More than 21 million people from California to Connecticut are under winter alerts on Friday as multiple storms move across the country.

Atmospheric river rain and snow in the West and a winter storm from the Midwest to the Northeast will make for an active weekend of weather across the country.

More than 70 million are under flood, heavy snow, blizzard and high wind alerts ABC News

Flood threat in the West

Heavy rain has been soaking a large portion of California, washing out roads and leading to a flash flood emergency in Springville on Friday.

By Friday morning, between 2 to 5 inches of rain had fallen in many areas of California, with local amounts upward of 7 inches in the mountains. An additional 4 to 8 inches of rain are possible throughout the day.

The majority of California remains under a flood watch or flood advisory Friday afternoon, as the combination of heavy rain and a dense snowpack contribute to life-threatening flooding.

Crews assess storm damage, which washed out North Main Street in Soquel, Calif., March 10, 2023. Nic Coury/AP

A flash flood warning was issued for northwestern San Luis Obispo County in southwestern California and will remain in effect until Friday 10 p.m. local time.

A flash flood warning was also in place Friday morning for central Santa Cruz County in Northern California due to heavy rain falling in the San Lorenzo River near Big Trees. The river was rapidly rising and is expected to be in a major flood stage.

The heavy rain should taper off into the weekend, though the flash flooding risk remains for parts of central and northern California through Saturday.

California is not done with rain after this storm, more rain is expected in northern California this weekend and even into next week. ABC News

In addition to the flooding threat, parts of California are getting hit with snow.

Heavy snow fell near Redding on Friday shutting down parts of Interstate 5. Some of the heavy snow from the California mountains will move into the Rockies, where a winter storm warning and an avalanche watch have been issued.

Locally, the Rockies could see 1 to 2 feet of snow, with the Sierra Nevada Mountains seeing additional 3 to 4 feet this weekend.

California's Sierra Nevada and San Bernardino mountains have seen several feet of snow in the last couple weeks.

Brian Dunham shovels snow near snowbanks piled up from previous storms during another winter storm in the Sierra Nevada mountains on March 10, 2023, in Mammoth Lakes, Calif. Mario Tama/Getty Images

President Joe Biden approved an emergency declaration for 34 counties in California on Friday because of the continuing severe winter storms across the state.

The Department of Homeland Security and Federal Emergency Management Agency can now coordinate disaster relief efforts, while FEMA is "authorized to identify, mobilize, and provide at its discretion, equipment and resources necessary to alleviate the impacts of the emergency."

More than 9,400 people in the state are under evacuation orders due to the "extreme weather" conditions, California Governor's Office of Emergency Services Director Nancy Ward said during a press briefing.

Snow for Midwest and Northeast as well

Part of the western storm will move east over the weekend, bringing blizzard conditions to the Upper Midwest and the Northern Plains with wind gusts will be in the 40-50 mph range.

In the East, a separate storm system is moving from the Great Lakes into the Northeast with heavy, wet snow. A winter weather advisory is in place in Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, where some areas could see several inches of snow overnight. New York City could see up to an inch of snow by Saturday morning.

Snow is expected across the Midwest and Northeast over the weekend. ABC News

Elsewhere, to the south, severe thunderstorms are possible with damaging winds, few tornadoes and large hail. Oklahoma and Arkansas will be in the bull's-eye on Saturday.

On Sunday, severe weather will impact an area from Mississippi to Georgia, including Jackson; Birmingham, Alabama; and just south of Atlanta. Damaging winds and hail will be the biggest threat.ABC News Live: More wild weather slams the West Coast Plus, the latest on investigations into former President Donald Trump, and a push toward four-day school weeks in some parts of the country.ABC News Live: More wild weather slams the West Coast Plus, the latest on investigations into former President Donald Trump, and a push toward four-day school weeks in some parts of the country.New York prosecutors offer Trump chance to testify in front of grand jury ABC News senior investigative reporter Aaron Katersky has the latest on the probe into whether former President Donald Trump paid hush money to adult actress Stormy Daniels.New York prosecutors offer Trump chance to testify in front of grand jury ABC News senior investigative reporter Aaron Katersky has the latest on the probe into whether former President Donald Trump paid hush money to adult actress Stormy Daniels.West Coast inundated by more wild weather ABC News meteorologists Rob Marciano and Melissa Griffin break down the impact of storms hitting California and what to expect this weekend in the rest of the country.West Coast inundated by more wild weather ABC News meteorologists Rob Marciano and Melissa Griffin break down the impact of storms hitting California and what to expect this weekend in the rest of the country.Podcaster, husband fatally shot by stalker who broke into home: Police The podcaster had filed a no-contact order against the stalker.Podcaster, husband fatally shot by stalker who broke into home: Police The podcaster had filed a no-contact order against the stalker.US adds 311,000 jobs in February in another surprising jobs report ABC News business reporter Alexis Christoforous breaks down another surprisingly strong jobs report, showing that U.S. employers added 311,000 jobs in February.US adds 311,000 jobs in February in another surprising jobs report ABC News business reporter Alexis Christoforous breaks down another surprisingly strong jobs report, showing that U.S. employers added 311,000 jobs in February.ABC News Live: Trump invited to testify in Stormy Daniels investigation Plus, the latest on wild weather moving across the West Coast, and the U.S. economy added more jobs than expected in February.ABC News Live: Trump invited to testify in Stormy Daniels investigation Plus, the latest on wild weather moving across the West Coast, and the U.S. economy added more jobs than expected in February.For nearly 25 years, Chris Johnson has been entangled in a deep mystery that he said has wrecked his family and his life.

It began in 1998, when Johnson found his fiancée Andrea Cincotta, 52, dead inside their Arlington, Virginia, apartment. She had been strangled and crudely stuffed inside a bedroom closet.

Andrea Cincotta was found dead in her Virginia home in August 1998. Courtesy Chris Johnson

Although immediately under suspicion by the police, Johnson was never charged. Then things changed in 2018. Convicted rapist Bobby Joe Leonard alleged to investigators he was offered money by a man he believed to be Cincotta's boyfriend to kill her.

This led to Arlington prosecutors charging Johnson with murder-for-hire in November 2021.

Johnson, 61, pleaded not guilty to the charge. He has maintained his innocence, and still grieves for Cincotta.

"I'm sorry I wasn't there to protect her," he told ABC News' Ryan Smith in an exclusive interview with "20/20."

Chris Johnson speaks with ABC News. ABC News

The "20/20" episode, which airs March 10 at 9 p.m. ET and streams on Hulu the next day, features more of the candid interview with Johnson, who was acquitted of his charge in October, footage from the police investigation and exclusive interviews with jurors.

Johnson returned home on Aug. 21, 1998, and said he couldn't find Cincotta, who worked as a librarian. Hours later, he said he opened the bedroom closet and found her body inside.

After calling 911, Johnson was interrogated by Arlington police for several days. He did not request an attorney. He told "20/20" that detectives were aggressive and yelled in his face that he murdered his fiancée.

At one point a detective told Johnson that Cincotta was alive after he came home and that his fingerprints were found on her. After the interrogation, Johnson learned that that was a lie.

Police interrogated Chris Johnson for several hours after his fiancée was found dead. Arlington Circuit Court

"I was in shock. How can they get away with it? How can they do that?," Johnson said. "You trust the police, the police don't lie….I literally had no reason to believe that they're lying to me."

After 25 hours of questioning over several days, Johnson said he was exhausted and began to tell officers a "dream vision" of how he imagined arguing and hurting his fiancée. He wrote down his vision and didn't ask for an attorney.

"If you had gone through what I went through for as long as I went through it and you had just found the woman you love dead, you're not in a good place," Johnson said.

It turns out, the details Johnson had provided in his supposed admission do not match the autopsy results - she had died from strangulation – not a blow to the head

Arlington Police released Johnson and did not charge him at the time.

Cincotta's son Kevin, who was 24 at the time, did provide investigators with a key clue. He remembered that his mother told him that she gave her computer to a man who was working at her apartment complex.

Johnson had also told police about the man, telling them "it was not like her to talk with a perfect stranger – especially to allow him in the apartment."

Although Kevin Cincotta didn't know the man's name, investigators were able to identify the person as Bobby Joe Leonard. Leonard was in a Philadelphia jail after being arrested for allegedly assaulting his wife.

The charges were later dropped.

Virginia investigators questioned Leonard in jail, and took his DNA and fingerprints. He denied murdering Cincotta and his DNA and fingerprints weren't be found in the home.

Johnson's attorney Frank Salvato alleged at Johnson's trial that investigators' handling of the crime scene compromised the touch DNA found on Cincotta's throat so it could not be tested.

The prosecutors said detectives could have done a better job processing the crime scene, but they insisted that this case wasn’t about the crime scene, it was about Johnson hiring Leonard to kill Cincotta.

Leonard would be arrested a year later on rape, abduction and attempted murder charges in Fairfax for brutally attacking a 13-year-old girl and leaving her for dead in a closet. He was convicted in 2000 and sentenced to life in prison.

Bobby Joe Leonard pleaded guilty in 2022 to murdering Andrea Cincotta. Arlington County Police Department

Around the same time, Johnson met Ginnie Grevett and the two would eventually marry. In an exclusive interview, Grevett told ABC News that Johnson told her about the murder investigation on their first date.

"I accepted it 100%," she said of Johnson's denial of murdering his fiancée. "It never occurred to me ever that he might have had anything to do with it whatsoever."

Johnson said Kevin Cincotta accepted his assurances that he had nothing to do with Andrea Cincotta's murder and they initially remained friends. But the two drifted apart and rarely spoke until 2018 when Kevin Cincotta asked to get together for lunch.

Johnson didn't know that Kevin Cincotta now suspected that he might be involved in his mother's death, and was working with investigators on the cold case.

In an attempt to catch Chris saying something incriminating, Kevin was wearing a wire.

During the lunch, Kevin tells Chris that he has seen the police file and now has a different take on the case. Kevin told Chris that he believed Chris killed his mother.

Chris Johnson told "20/20, "I was really hurt. I was like, I wonder if he was wearing a wire because of the way he was asking the questions and everything like that."

That same year, investigators caught a break after Leonard claimed to have found God and confessed to the murder of Andrea Cincotta and made a shocking new allegation.

He told detectives that he strangled the librarian to death in her apartment, but he also alleged that he received a call and a $5,000 offer from an unnamed man who he believed to be Cincotta's boyfriend to commit the crime.

Officers and prosecutors would use his allegations to charge Johnson with murder for hire in 2021. Johnson denied being involved or contacting Leonard.

Andy and Chris in Madison. Courtesy Chris Johnson

"I was just like, it's ridiculous. I was racking my brain. How in the world did they come up with this?" Johnson said.

During the trial, prosecutors brought up Johnson's "dream vision" statement during his original questioning in 1998. They also put Leonard on the stand who testified in detail about how he killed Cincotta.

Salvato, who represented Johnson at trial along with Libbey Van Pelt and Manuel Leiva, noted that Leonard wouldn't take the stand until prosecutors agreed to put a request into the Virginia Dept of Corrections to have him moved to a different, lower-security prison.

During cross-examination, Salvato questioned Leonard's story that he knew that Andrea Cincotta's boyfriend was the man who called him about arranging the murder because he recognized her number on his landline's caller ID.

The defense brought in Leonard's ex-wife Frances Hudson who testified that their landline phone did not have caller ID when they lived together. She testified that she moved out of their home weeks before the murder after Leonard assaulted her.

Prosecutors admitted there was no forensic evidence tying Leonard and Johnson to the alleged murder-for-hire plot, claiming it was because too much time had passed to collect phone records and other verifying information.

Salvato pointed out an inconsistency in Leonard's testimony: he said that Cincotta didn't struggle when he attacked her, but the autopsy showed signs of bruising on Cincotta consistent with someone fighting back.

When the case was presented to the jury in October, it took just one hour to reach a verdict. Johnson and his attorneys were shocked by the speedy result.

"They gave it to the clerk. The clerk said, 'Not guilty,'" Johnson said. "It was a relief."

Chris Johnson speaks with ABC News' Ryan Smith. ABC News

Salvato claimed in a "20/20" interview after the verdict that he believed Johnson should never have been brought to trial.

"As he has said from day one," Salvato said, "he had nothing to do with Andrea Cincotta's death."

Two members of the jury spoke with "20/20" about their decision and said there was a lot of doubt in the prosecution's case.

"You don't hire someone to kill someone whom you've never met," jury forewoman Chen Ling told "20/20. "And, out of all the Bobby Joe Leonard testimony, he never claimed that they met. I feel like that was, for me, the important detail that gave reasonable doubt."

Another juror told "20/20" he questioned the tactics used during the interrogation with Johnson.

"It seemed to me that the police were just hammering home what they thought to be the case. They weren't taking his initial statements for face value. So it was pushing him to get to another answer," the juror said.

Kevin Cincotta, who testified against Johnson during the trial, declined to sit down for an on-camera interview with ABC News in time for air. He provided ABC News with a detailed account of the reasons he is still convinced Johnson is guilty of murder for hire.

Some of the reasons included what he calls suspicious behavior and alleged discrepancies in Johnson's story and information he believes Bobby Joe Leonard could only have received from Johnson.

Kevin Cincotta added he doesn't forgive Leonard, who was issued an additional life sentence for Cincotta's murder, but believes his allegations against Johnson.

The Arlington County Police Department declined to comment to ABC News on the criticisms raised by Johnson and his attorneys.

The Commonwealth's Attorney of Arlington County said in an email to ABC News, "We hope that through the process we have helped bring some closure to Ms. Cincotta's family. However, I must respect the verdict of the jury. We prosecuted a tough case in the fairest way we could, and that's where I believe I should leave it."

Chris Johnson and his wife Ginnie Grevett take a walk. ABC News

Although Johnson is currently free from prosecution, he said that he is forever changed by the experience.

"Something like this... You're never going to be the same," he said. "I used to be a lot more trusting. I trusted everyone, trusted the police, and now my eyes have been opened."For nearly 25 years, Chris Johnson has been entangled in a deep mystery that he said has wrecked his family and his life.

It began in 1998, when Johnson found his fiancée Andrea Cincotta, 52, dead inside their Arlington, Virginia, apartment. She had been strangled and crudely stuffed inside a bedroom closet.

Andrea Cincotta was found dead in her Virginia home in August 1998. Courtesy Chris Johnson

Although immediately under suspicion by the police, Johnson was never charged. Then things changed in 2018. Convicted rapist Bobby Joe Leonard alleged to investigators he was offered money by a man he believed to be Cincotta's boyfriend to kill her.

This led to Arlington prosecutors charging Johnson with murder-for-hire in November 2021.

Johnson, 61, pleaded not guilty to the charge. He has maintained his innocence, and still grieves for Cincotta.

"I'm sorry I wasn't there to protect her," he told ABC News' Ryan Smith in an exclusive interview with "20/20."

Chris Johnson speaks with ABC News. ABC News

The "20/20" episode, which airs March 10 at 9 p.m. ET and streams on Hulu the next day, features more of the candid interview with Johnson, who was acquitted of his charge in October, footage from the police investigation and exclusive interviews with jurors.

Johnson returned home on Aug. 21, 1998, and said he couldn't find Cincotta, who worked as a librarian. Hours later, he said he opened the bedroom closet and found her body inside.

After calling 911, Johnson was interrogated by Arlington police for several days. He did not request an attorney. He told "20/20" that detectives were aggressive and yelled in his face that he murdered his fiancée.

At one point a detective told Johnson that Cincotta was alive after he came home and that his fingerprints were found on her. After the interrogation, Johnson learned that that was a lie.

Police interrogated Chris Johnson for several hours after his fiancée was found dead. Arlington Circuit Court

"I was in shock. How can they get away with it? How can they do that?," Johnson said. "You trust the police, the police don't lie….I literally had no reason to believe that they're lying to me."

After 25 hours of questioning over several days, Johnson said he was exhausted and began to tell officers a "dream vision" of how he imagined arguing and hurting his fiancée. He wrote down his vision and didn't ask for an attorney.

"If you had gone through what I went through for as long as I went through it and you had just found the woman you love dead, you're not in a good place," Johnson said.

It turns out, the details Johnson had provided in his supposed admission do not match the autopsy results - she had died from strangulation – not a blow to the head

Arlington Police released Johnson and did not charge him at the time.

Cincotta's son Kevin, who was 24 at the time, did provide investigators with a key clue. He remembered that his mother told him that she gave her computer to a man who was working at her apartment complex.

Johnson had also told police about the man, telling them "it was not like her to talk with a perfect stranger – especially to allow him in the apartment."

Although Kevin Cincotta didn't know the man's name, investigators were able to identify the person as Bobby Joe Leonard. Leonard was in a Philadelphia jail after being arrested for allegedly assaulting his wife.

The charges were later dropped.

Virginia investigators questioned Leonard in jail, and took his DNA and fingerprints. He denied murdering Cincotta and his DNA and fingerprints weren't be found in the home.

Johnson's attorney Frank Salvato alleged at Johnson's trial that investigators' handling of the crime scene compromised the touch DNA found on Cincotta's throat so it could not be tested.

The prosecutors said detectives could have done a better job processing the crime scene, but they insisted that this case wasn’t about the crime scene, it was about Johnson hiring Leonard to kill Cincotta.

Leonard would be arrested a year later on rape, abduction and attempted murder charges in Fairfax for brutally attacking a 13-year-old girl and leaving her for dead in a closet. He was convicted in 2000 and sentenced to life in prison.

Bobby Joe Leonard pleaded guilty in 2022 to murdering Andrea Cincotta. Arlington County Police Department

Around the same time, Johnson met Ginnie Grevett and the two would eventually marry. In an exclusive interview, Grevett told ABC News that Johnson told her about the murder investigation on their first date.

"I accepted it 100%," she said of Johnson's denial of murdering his fiancée. "It never occurred to me ever that he might have had anything to do with it whatsoever."

Johnson said Kevin Cincotta accepted his assurances that he had nothing to do with Andrea Cincotta's murder and they initially remained friends. But the two drifted apart and rarely spoke until 2018 when Kevin Cincotta asked to get together for lunch.

Johnson didn't know that Kevin Cincotta now suspected that he might be involved in his mother's death, and was working with investigators on the cold case.

In an attempt to catch Chris saying something incriminating, Kevin was wearing a wire.

During the lunch, Kevin tells Chris that he has seen the police file and now has a different take on the case. Kevin told Chris that he believed Chris killed his mother.

Chris Johnson told "20/20, "I was really hurt. I was like, I wonder if he was wearing a wire because of the way he was asking the questions and everything like that."

That same year, investigators caught a break after Leonard claimed to have found God and confessed to the murder of Andrea Cincotta and made a shocking new allegation.

He told detectives that he strangled the librarian to death in her apartment, but he also alleged that he received a call and a $5,000 offer from an unnamed man who he believed to be Cincotta's boyfriend to commit the crime.

Officers and prosecutors would use his allegations to charge Johnson with murder for hire in 2021. Johnson denied being involved or contacting Leonard.

Andy and Chris in Madison. Courtesy Chris Johnson

"I was just like, it's ridiculous. I was racking my brain. How in the world did they come up with this?" Johnson said.

During the trial, prosecutors brought up Johnson's "dream vision" statement during his original questioning in 1998. They also put Leonard on the stand who testified in detail about how he killed Cincotta.

Salvato, who represented Johnson at trial along with Libbey Van Pelt and Manuel Leiva, noted that Leonard wouldn't take the stand until prosecutors agreed to put a request into the Virginia Dept of Corrections to have him moved to a different, lower-security prison.

During cross-examination, Salvato questioned Leonard's story that he knew that Andrea Cincotta's boyfriend was the man who called him about arranging the murder because he recognized her number on his landline's caller ID.

The defense brought in Leonard's ex-wife Frances Hudson who testified that their landline phone did not have caller ID when they lived together. She testified that she moved out of their home weeks before the murder after Leonard assaulted her.

Prosecutors admitted there was no forensic evidence tying Leonard and Johnson to the alleged murder-for-hire plot, claiming it was because too much time had passed to collect phone records and other verifying information.

Salvato pointed out an inconsistency in Leonard's testimony: he said that Cincotta didn't struggle when he attacked her, but the autopsy showed signs of bruising on Cincotta consistent with someone fighting back.

When the case was presented to the jury in October, it took just one hour to reach a verdict. Johnson and his attorneys were shocked by the speedy result.

"They gave it to the clerk. The clerk said, 'Not guilty,'" Johnson said. "It was a relief."

Chris Johnson speaks with ABC News' Ryan Smith. ABC News

Salvato claimed in a "20/20" interview after the verdict that he believed Johnson should never have been brought to trial.

"As he has said from day one," Salvato said, "he had nothing to do with Andrea Cincotta's death."

Two members of the jury spoke with "20/20" about their decision and said there was a lot of doubt in the prosecution's case.

"You don't hire someone to kill someone whom you've never met," jury forewoman Chen Ling told "20/20. "And, out of all the Bobby Joe Leonard testimony, he never claimed that they met. I feel like that was, for me, the important detail that gave reasonable doubt."

Another juror told "20/20" he questioned the tactics used during the interrogation with Johnson.

"It seemed to me that the police were just hammering home what they thought to be the case. They weren't taking his initial statements for face value. So it was pushing him to get to another answer," the juror said.

Kevin Cincotta, who testified against Johnson during the trial, declined to sit down for an on-camera interview with ABC News in time for air. He provided ABC News with a detailed account of the reasons he is still convinced Johnson is guilty of murder for hire.

Some of the reasons included what he calls suspicious behavior and alleged discrepancies in Johnson's story and information he believes Bobby Joe Leonard could only have received from Johnson.

Kevin Cincotta added he doesn't forgive Leonard, who was issued an additional life sentence for Cincotta's murder, but believes his allegations against Johnson.

The Arlington County Police Department declined to comment to ABC News on the criticisms raised by Johnson and his attorneys.

The Commonwealth's Attorney of Arlington County said in an email to ABC News, "We hope that through the process we have helped bring some closure to Ms. Cincotta's family. However, I must respect the verdict of the jury. We prosecuted a tough case in the fairest way we could, and that's where I believe I should leave it."

Chris Johnson and his wife Ginnie Grevett take a walk. ABC News

Although Johnson is currently free from prosecution, he said that he is forever changed by the experience.

"Something like this... You're never going to be the same," he said. "I used to be a lot more trusting. I trusted everyone, trusted the police, and now my eyes have been opened."Woman allegedly held captive in locked Houston trailer for 4 years A Houston man has been charged with kidnapping for allegedly holding a woman captive in a locked Houston trailer for several years, court records show.Woman allegedly held captive in locked Houston trailer for 4 years A Houston man has been charged with kidnapping for allegedly holding a woman captive in a locked Houston trailer for several years, court records show.A man has been charged with kidnapping in the case.

A Houston man has been charged with kidnapping for allegedly holding a woman captive in a locked Houston trailer for several years, court records show.

Abraham Bravo Segura, 42, was arrested on Wednesday and charged with kidnapping, a felony, for allegedly restraining the 32-year-old woman by "secreting and holding" her in a place where she was "not likely to be found," according to the complaint.

He also allegedly held her against her will by threatening to kill her, the complaint stated.

Authorities said a woman was held captive in this Houston trailer for approximately four years. KTRK

The woman was apparently able to call for help from a phone inside the home while Segura was at work, Houston ABC station KTRK reported.

Responding deputies found that all exits in the trailer were locked and burglar bars were on the windows, according to court records. Officers tried to cut padlocks before firefighters used power tools to cut the burglar bars, according to the records.

The Harris County Sheriff's Office released the booking photo for Abraham Segura. Harris County Sheriff's Office

During a bond hearing on Thursday, Segura repeatedly tried to defend himself and said that the "story is one-sided." Court officials said that probable cause was already found for bond and that they weren't going to argue the facts of the case during the hearing.

Segura was ordered held on $150,000 bond. If he is able to post bond, the conditions of release include that he be held on house arrest and have no contact with the woman or her family.

He is scheduled to be arraigned on Monday.A man has been charged with kidnapping in the case.

A Houston man has been charged with kidnapping for allegedly holding a woman captive in a locked Houston trailer for several years, court records show.

Abraham Bravo Segura, 42, was arrested on Wednesday and charged with kidnapping, a felony, for allegedly restraining the 32-year-old woman by "secreting and holding" her in a place where she was "not likely to be found," according to the complaint.

He also allegedly held her against her will by threatening to kill her, the complaint stated.

Authorities said a woman was held captive in this Houston trailer for approximately four years. KTRK

The woman was apparently able to call for help from a phone inside the home while Segura was at work, Houston ABC station KTRK reported.

Responding deputies found that all exits in the trailer were locked and burglar bars were on the windows, according to court records. Officers tried to cut padlocks before firefighters used power tools to cut the burglar bars, according to the records.

The Harris County Sheriff's Office released the booking photo for Abraham Segura. Harris County Sheriff's Office

During a bond hearing on Thursday, Segura repeatedly tried to defend himself and said that the "story is one-sided." Court officials said that probable cause was already found for bond and that they weren't going to argue the facts of the case during the hearing.

Segura was ordered held on $150,000 bond. If he is able to post bond, the conditions of release include that he be held on house arrest and have no contact with the woman or her family.

He is scheduled to be arraigned on Monday.E. Jean Carroll is suing Trump for defamation after he denied her rape claim.

A federal judge in New York on Friday denied former President Donald Trump's attempt to block excerpts of the infamous "Access Hollywood" tape from being used as evidence in his upcoming defamation trial.

On the tape, which surfaced before the 2016 presidential election, Trump is heard saying that he just starts kissing beautiful women when he meets them.

"It's like a magnet. Just kiss," he says. "I don't even wait. And when you're a star they let you do it. You can do anything, grab them by the p----, you can do anything."

Trump has dismissed the tape as "locker room talk" and has argued the material is unfairly being used to suggest he has a propensity for sexual assault.

"Plaintiff, in continuing her unabashed demand to admit the Tape, has made it clear that she wishes to convert this trial into a referendum on Plaintiff's character and distract the jury from determining the merits of the controlling issues of this case," Trump's attorney, Alina Habba, argued last week.

While rules ordinarily prevent such propensity evidence, the judge on Friday ruled that it can be allowed in a civil case based on an alleged sexual assault.

"It is simply not the Court's function in ruling on the admissibility of this evidence to decide what Mr. Trump meant or how to interpret his statements," Judge Lewis Kaplan said.

Donald Trump attends the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) at Gaylord National Convention Center in National Harbor, Maryland, March 4, 2023. Evelyn Hockstein/Reuters

The judge also denied Trump's attempt to preclude the testimony of two women other than accuser E. Jean Carroll. The two women, Jessica Leeds and Natasha Stoynoff, have previously claimed Trump sexually assaulted them, which he denies.

"Mr. Trump has claimed that Ms. Leeds is a liar and that no such event ever occurred. And he will be entitled to make that argument to the jury. But that is not now the issue," Kaplan said.

The judge left open a question of whether Carroll's attorneys could use seven excerpts of speeches Trump gave on 2016 campaign trail. Each of the excerpts contain assertions by Trump that women who have accused him of sex assault were lying and that their looks were unappealing to him.

Carroll has alleged that Trump sexually assaulted her in a Manhattan department store dressing room in the 1990s and that he defamed her in 2019 when, during his presidency, he denied her rape claim by calling her a liar and saying "she's not my type."

The trial is scheduled to begin next month pending a decision in a separate court that could prevent the case from moving ahead if it's determined that Trump was acting in his official capacity as president when he allegedly defamed Carroll.

Carroll has filed a separate lawsuit against Trump alleging defamation and battery under a New York law that allows alleged adult sex assault victims to bring claims otherwise barred by the passage of time.E. Jean Carroll is suing Trump for defamation after he denied her rape claim.

A federal judge in New York on Friday denied former President Donald Trump's attempt to block excerpts of the infamous "Access Hollywood" tape from being used as evidence in his upcoming defamation trial.

On the tape, which surfaced before the 2016 presidential election, Trump is heard saying that he just starts kissing beautiful women when he meets them.

"It's like a magnet. Just kiss," he says. "I don't even wait. And when you're a star they let you do it. You can do anything, grab them by the p----, you can do anything."

Trump has dismissed the tape as "locker room talk" and has argued the material is unfairly being used to suggest he has a propensity for sexual assault.

"Plaintiff, in continuing her unabashed demand to admit the Tape, has made it clear that she wishes to convert this trial into a referendum on Plaintiff's character and distract the jury from determining the merits of the controlling issues of this case," Trump's attorney, Alina Habba, argued last week.

While rules ordinarily prevent such propensity evidence, the judge on Friday ruled that it can be allowed in a civil case based on an alleged sexual assault.

"It is simply not the Court's function in ruling on the admissibility of this evidence to decide what Mr. Trump meant or how to interpret his statements," Judge Lewis Kaplan said.

Donald Trump attends the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) at Gaylord National Convention Center in National Harbor, Maryland, March 4, 2023. Evelyn Hockstein/Reuters

The judge also denied Trump's attempt to preclude the testimony of two women other than accuser E. Jean Carroll. The two women, Jessica Leeds and Natasha Stoynoff, have previously claimed Trump sexually assaulted them, which he denies.

"Mr. Trump has claimed that Ms. Leeds is a liar and that no such event ever occurred. And he will be entitled to make that argument to the jury. But that is not now the issue," Kaplan said.

The judge left open a question of whether Carroll's attorneys could use seven excerpts of speeches Trump gave on 2016 campaign trail. Each of the excerpts contain assertions by Trump that women who have accused him of sex assault were lying and that their looks were unappealing to him.

Carroll has alleged that Trump sexually assaulted her in a Manhattan department store dressing room in the 1990s and that he defamed her in 2019 when, during his presidency, he denied her rape claim by calling her a liar and saying "she's not my type."

The trial is scheduled to begin next month pending a decision in a separate court that could prevent the case from moving ahead if it's determined that Trump was acting in his official capacity as president when he allegedly defamed Carroll.

Carroll has filed a separate lawsuit against Trump alleging defamation and battery under a New York law that allows alleged adult sex assault victims to bring claims otherwise barred by the passage of time.Patel it like it is: Why does the origin of COVID-19 really matter? ABC News medical contributor Dr. Alok Patel answers viewers' questions on COVID, lingering symptoms and graying hair.Patel it like it is: Why does the origin of COVID-19 really matter? ABC News medical contributor Dr. Alok Patel answers viewers' questions on COVID, lingering symptoms and graying hair.Jobs report: US adds 311,000 jobs in February ABC News business reporter Alexis Christoforous breaks down the latest jobs numbers and what they mean for the economy.Jobs report: US adds 311,000 jobs in February ABC News business reporter Alexis Christoforous breaks down the latest jobs numbers and what they mean for the economy.California is expecting more extreme weather as Hollywood prepares for the Oscars ABC News chief meteorologist Ginger Zee joins with the weekend forecast.California is expecting more extreme weather as Hollywood prepares for the Oscars ABC News chief meteorologist Ginger Zee joins with the weekend forecast.ABC News Live: California braces for more brutal storms Plus, five alleged cartel members are in custody for the kidnapping and killing of Americans in Mexico and a look ahead to the 95th Oscars.ABC News Live: California braces for more brutal storms Plus, five alleged cartel members are in custody for the kidnapping and killing of Americans in Mexico and a look ahead to the 95th Oscars.ABC News Live: Latest jobs report shows unemployment rose to 3.6% Plus, California is in a state of emergency as another storm slams the state, and seven people were killed, including an unborn child, after a shooting at a Jehovah's Witness building in Germany.ABC News Live: Latest jobs report shows unemployment rose to 3.6% Plus, California is in a state of emergency as another storm slams the state, and seven people were killed, including an unborn child, after a shooting at a Jehovah's Witness building in Germany.California declares state of emergency as more snow, rain and wind slam state ABC News Senior Meteorologist Rob Marciano joins the show from California's Folsom Dam, where water is being released after a massive amount of rain and snow.California declares state of emergency as more snow, rain and wind slam state ABC News Senior Meteorologist Rob Marciano joins the show from California's Folsom Dam, where water is being released after a massive amount of rain and snow.The three men convicted of murdering Ahmaud Arbery have filed appeals against their hate crime convictions.

According to court documents filed on March 3, Gregory McMichael and William Bryan argue that race did not factor into their decisions to chase and shoot Arbery, a 25-year-old Black man, on Feb. 23, 2020.

Travis McMichael's appeal focuses on whether the streets where Arbery was shot were controlled by the county.

From left, Travis McMichael, William "Roddie" Bryan, and Gregory McMichael during their trial at at the Glynn County Courthouse in Brunswick, Ga. The jury is deliberating in the federal hate crimes trial of three white men in the killing of Ahmaud Arbery. Pool via AP, FILE

Arbery was killed in Brunswick, Georgia, after Travis and Gregory McMichael saw Arbery jogging in their neighborhood and chased after him.

The McMichaels say they believed Arbery had been responsible for several trespassing incidents in the neighborhood.

Bryan joined the chase in his own truck, blocking Arbery from escaping, and recorded video of Travis McMichael shooting Arbery after a brief struggle.

A painted mural of Ahmaud Arbery is displayed in Brunswick, Ga., May 17, 2020. Sarah Blake/AP, FILE

Travis McMichael and his father Gregory were sentenced to life in prison on the federal hate crime charges.

Bryan was sentenced to 35 years.

After Travis McMichael shot Arbery, Bryan told investigators he heard Travis yell a racist epithet as Arbery lay dying on the pavement. While it is not illegal to use racial slurs, "these slurs can provide you with evidence as to why a defendant did what he did," Assistant U.S. Attorney Bobbi Bernstein said in court.

FBI analyst Amy Vaughn also testified that she found a digital onslaught of messages and online posts from the three men in which they allegedly routinely used racial slurs to describe Black people and advocated violence against them.

Gregory McMichael's legal team has argued that McMichael chased Arbery because he believed Arbery was the person seen in security footage trespassing on properties in the neighborhood.

"The fact that Mr. Arbery was Black was merely a characteristic shared with the person seen on the security footage, a fact of no greater import to Gregory McMichael’s calculus than Mr. Arbery’s biological sex, the shorts he was wearing, his hairstyle, or his tattoos," the appeal read. "Mr. Arbery’s race was only relevant because it matched the race of the man on the home security footage."

During the trial, evidence from Bryan’s alleged Facebook posts and past texts also presented a repeated history of racist, demeaning comments against the Black community and use of racial slurs.

Bryan and his legal team argue that's not enough to convict him under hate crime charges.

"Evidence that a criminal defendant has previously espoused racist views is the most prejudicial evidence imaginable, and for good reason is almost never allowed in criminal trials," Bryan’s appeal read. "There was no evidence presented that Bryan intended to deprive Arbery of his right to use a public roadway, and none that he acted with conscious intent because of Arbery’s race or color."The three men convicted of murdering Ahmaud Arbery have filed appeals against their hate crime convictions.

According to court documents filed on March 3, Gregory McMichael and William Bryan argue that race did not factor into their decisions to chase and shoot Arbery, a 25-year-old Black man, on Feb. 23, 2020.

Travis McMichael's appeal focuses on whether the streets where Arbery was shot were controlled by the county.

From left, Travis McMichael, William "Roddie" Bryan, and Gregory McMichael during their trial at at the Glynn County Courthouse in Brunswick, Ga. The jury is deliberating in the federal hate crimes trial of three white men in the killing of Ahmaud Arbery. Pool via AP, FILE

Arbery was killed in Brunswick, Georgia, after Travis and Gregory McMichael saw Arbery jogging in their neighborhood and chased after him.

The McMichaels say they believed Arbery had been responsible for several trespassing incidents in the neighborhood.

Bryan joined the chase in his own truck, blocking Arbery from escaping, and recorded video of Travis McMichael shooting Arbery after a brief struggle.

A painted mural of Ahmaud Arbery is displayed in Brunswick, Ga., May 17, 2020. Sarah Blake/AP, FILE

Travis McMichael and his father Gregory were sentenced to life in prison on the federal hate crime charges.

Bryan was sentenced to 35 years.

After Travis McMichael shot Arbery, Bryan told investigators he heard Travis yell a racist epithet as Arbery lay dying on the pavement. While it is not illegal to use racial slurs, "these slurs can provide you with evidence as to why a defendant did what he did," Assistant U.S. Attorney Bobbi Bernstein said in court.

FBI analyst Amy Vaughn also testified that she found a digital onslaught of messages and online posts from the three men in which they allegedly routinely used racial slurs to describe Black people and advocated violence against them.

Gregory McMichael's legal team has argued that McMichael chased Arbery because he believed Arbery was the person seen in security footage trespassing on properties in the neighborhood.

"The fact that Mr. Arbery was Black was merely a characteristic shared with the person seen on the security footage, a fact of no greater import to Gregory McMichael’s calculus than Mr. Arbery’s biological sex, the shorts he was wearing, his hairstyle, or his tattoos," the appeal read. "Mr. Arbery’s race was only relevant because it matched the race of the man on the home security footage."

During the trial, evidence from Bryan’s alleged Facebook posts and past texts also presented a repeated history of racist, demeaning comments against the Black community and use of racial slurs.

Bryan and his legal team argue that's not enough to convict him under hate crime charges.

"Evidence that a criminal defendant has previously espoused racist views is the most prejudicial evidence imaginable, and for good reason is almost never allowed in criminal trials," Bryan’s appeal read. "There was no evidence presented that Bryan intended to deprive Arbery of his right to use a public roadway, and none that he acted with conscious intent because of Arbery’s race or color."Medical chopper crashes, passengers survive The Life Force helicopter was transporting a patient from a hospital in Murphy, North Carolina, to another facility in Asheville.Medical chopper crashes, passengers survive The Life Force helicopter was transporting a patient from a hospital in Murphy, North Carolina, to another facility in Asheville.2020’s DNC and RNC are different than any before2020’s DNC and RNC are different than any beforeAn Indiana family is mourning the loss of a 13-year-old boy who died by suicide on Monday after, his parents say, he endured a barrage of bullying at his middle school.

Now, the school district is hiring outside investigators to probe the allegations.

In a phone interview with ABC News, family members of Terry Badger III described a child who was outgoing, kind and determined to reach the major leagues and play for his favorite team, the St. Louis Cardinals.

Terry Badger III’s dream was to play baseball for the St. Louis Cardinals. His parents say he died by suicide after being bullied in school. The Badger Family

"If I had to describe TB3 in one word, it's a protector," his uncle, Tony Badger, said. "When he's on the field he gives 150%, but if one of his teammates is struggling, he's always there to help them out.

"He had the biggest heart out of anybody in his family. I guarantee it," he added.

Terry was eager to interact with anyone he met, regardless of their age, said his father, Terry Badger II, who described a moment at a high school football game where his son approached a group of military recruits.

"Terry walked right up to them and shook all their hands and thanked them for their service, and every one of them broke down crying," the father said.

But even as he displayed a precocious ability to relate to others, Terry suffered relentless bullying at Covington Middle School, his parents told ABC News.

"He was being made fun of all the time," his mother, Robyn Badger, said. "[They] put him down, told him he was a loser. Told him he was fat and that he should kill himself. Kids told him he sucked at baseball. Every haircut he had they made fun of.

"Anything that kid did, they made fun of him," she added.

Terry Badger II said he met with school employees twice about what his son endured, alleging that in the most recent meeting, roughly six months ago, a teacher told him, "There is nothing we can really do because they're kids and we're teachers and we can't control everybody."

The teacher, reached by email Thursday night, declined to speak with ABC News.

Terry Badger III’s dream was to play baseball for the St. Louis Cardinals. His parents say he died by suicide after being bullied in school. The Badger Family

In a statement, Brady Scott, superintendent of the Covington Community School Corporation, said the district "is deeply saddened by the tragic loss of fellow Trojan Terry Badger" and announced an investigation into the claims that Terry was bullied.

"The gravity of this tragic event compels us to move forward immediately with an investigation from a neutral party outside our district. We pledge to be as transparent with the results as the law will allow," he said.

In follow-up emails with ABC News, Scott did not answer questions about the alleged meetings with school employees but said, "As a school district we work diligently to provide training, guidance and support to our staff and students in bullying detection and prevention."

"I can assure you that ANY allegation of bullying is taken seriously and investigated," he wrote.

The Covington Police Department did not respond to requests by ABC News for information about their response to Terry's death on Monday. A statement released Thursday night by Joshua Whittington, the Fountain County coroner, classified the death as a suicide.

Terry's death came hours after playing baseball, where he threw a pitch of more than 70 mph, one of many achievements on the field that Tony Badger, his uncle, said Terry was proud of.

"He would come up to me after tournaments and tell me how many home runs he hit," Tony Badger said about his nephew.

"Even if he had a really bad weekend [playing baseball,] he had a great weekend."

If you are struggling with thoughts of suicide or worried about a friend or loved one, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 [TALK] for free, confidential emotional support 24 hours a day, seven days a week.An Indiana family is mourning the loss of a 13-year-old boy who died by suicide on Monday after, his parents say, he endured a barrage of bullying at his middle school.

Now, the school district is hiring outside investigators to probe the allegations.

In a phone interview with ABC News, family members of Terry Badger III described a child who was outgoing, kind and determined to reach the major leagues and play for his favorite team, the St. Louis Cardinals.

Terry Badger III’s dream was to play baseball for the St. Louis Cardinals. His parents say he died by suicide after being bullied in school. The Badger Family

"If I had to describe TB3 in one word, it's a protector," his uncle, Tony Badger, said. "When he's on the field he gives 150%, but if one of his teammates is struggling, he's always there to help them out.

"He had the biggest heart out of anybody in his family. I guarantee it," he added.

Terry was eager to interact with anyone he met, regardless of their age, said his father, Terry Badger II, who described a moment at a high school football game where his son approached a group of military recruits.

"Terry walked right up to them and shook all their hands and thanked them for their service, and every one of them broke down crying," the father said.

But even as he displayed a precocious ability to relate to others, Terry suffered relentless bullying at Covington Middle School, his parents told ABC News.

"He was being made fun of all the time," his mother, Robyn Badger, said. "[They] put him down, told him he was a loser. Told him he was fat and that he should kill himself. Kids told him he sucked at baseball. Every haircut he had they made fun of.

"Anything that kid did, they made fun of him," she added.

Terry Badger II said he met with school employees twice about what his son endured, alleging that in the most recent meeting, roughly six months ago, a teacher told him, "There is nothing we can really do because they're kids and we're teachers and we can't control everybody."

The teacher, reached by email Thursday night, declined to speak with ABC News.

Terry Badger III’s dream was to play baseball for the St. Louis Cardinals. His parents say he died by suicide after being bullied in school. The Badger Family

In a statement, Brady Scott, superintendent of the Covington Community School Corporation, said the district "is deeply saddened by the tragic loss of fellow Trojan Terry Badger" and announced an investigation into the claims that Terry was bullied.

"The gravity of this tragic event compels us to move forward immediately with an investigation from a neutral party outside our district. We pledge to be as transparent with the results as the law will allow," he said.

In follow-up emails with ABC News, Scott did not answer questions about the alleged meetings with school employees but said, "As a school district we work diligently to provide training, guidance and support to our staff and students in bullying detection and prevention."

"I can assure you that ANY allegation of bullying is taken seriously and investigated," he wrote.

The Covington Police Department did not respond to requests by ABC News for information about their response to Terry's death on Monday. A statement released Thursday night by Joshua Whittington, the Fountain County coroner, classified the death as a suicide.

Terry's death came hours after playing baseball, where he threw a pitch of more than 70 mph, one of many achievements on the field that Tony Badger, his uncle, said Terry was proud of.

"He would come up to me after tournaments and tell me how many home runs he hit," Tony Badger said about his nephew.

"Even if he had a really bad weekend [playing baseball,] he had a great weekend."

If you are struggling with thoughts of suicide or worried about a friend or loved one, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 [TALK] for free, confidential emotional support 24 hours a day, seven days a week.Defective, loose wheels risking derailment discovered on Norfolk Southern rail cars A series of rail cars that Norfolk Southern recently put into service have been discovered to have defective, loose wheels.Defective, loose wheels risking derailment discovered on Norfolk Southern rail cars A series of rail cars that Norfolk Southern recently put into service have been discovered to have defective, loose wheels.Car crashes through North Carolina airport terminal after driving onto tarmac A car has crashed through the terminal of Wilmington International Airport after driving through a fence and onto the airport's tarmac on Thursday night.Car crashes through North Carolina airport terminal after driving onto tarmac A car has crashed through the terminal of Wilmington International Airport after driving through a fence and onto the airport's tarmac on Thursday night.While there was no fire, the helicopter sustained "severe damage."

Four people are alive after a medical helicopter that was transporting a patient crashed in Macon County, North Carolina, on Thursday evening, according to Warren Cabe, Director of Macon County Emergency Services.

Three crew members were transporting a patient from a medical facility in Murphy, North Carolina, to Mission Hospital in Asheville when it crashed in Burningtown at around 7 p.m., according to Director Cabe.

Three of the people on board were transported to Mission Hospital with minor to moderate injuries, Cabe said. One other person on board was transported to Angel Medical Center in Franklin, North Carolina.

While there was no fire, the helicopter sustained "severe damage," said Cabe.

Four people are alive after a medical helicopter that was transporting a patient crashed in Macon County, North Carolina, on Thursday, March 9, 2023. Facebook / Macon County North Carolina 911

A section of Middle Burningtown Road will be closed until at least late day on Friday as investigators sift through the wreckage and work to determine the cause of the accident, authorities confirmed.

The Erlanger Health System spokesperson said only preliminary details were available but that this is the first crash in the LIFE FORCE program's 34-year history, according to ABC News' Asheville affiliate WLOS.

According to LIFE FORCE Air Medical, the company began operating out of Andrews, North Carolina, in August 2017 when it opened a base at the Western North Carolina Airport, WLOS said. LIFE FORCE operates two air-bus helicopters out of the base.

Authorities will continue processing the scene on Friday to determine the cause of the accident and the investigation is ongoing.While there was no fire, the helicopter sustained "severe damage."

Four people are alive after a medical helicopter that was transporting a patient crashed in Macon County, North Carolina, on Thursday evening, according to Warren Cabe, Director of Macon County Emergency Services.

Three crew members were transporting a patient from a medical facility in Murphy, North Carolina, to Mission Hospital in Asheville when it crashed in Burningtown at around 7 p.m., according to Director Cabe.

Three of the people on board were transported to Mission Hospital with minor to moderate injuries, Cabe said. One other person on board was transported to Angel Medical Center in Franklin, North Carolina.

While there was no fire, the helicopter sustained "severe damage," said Cabe.

Four people are alive after a medical helicopter that was transporting a patient crashed in Macon County, North Carolina, on Thursday, March 9, 2023. Facebook / Macon County North Carolina 911

A section of Middle Burningtown Road will be closed until at least late day on Friday as investigators sift through the wreckage and work to determine the cause of the accident, authorities confirmed.

The Erlanger Health System spokesperson said only preliminary details were available but that this is the first crash in the LIFE FORCE program's 34-year history, according to ABC News' Asheville affiliate WLOS.

According to LIFE FORCE Air Medical, the company began operating out of Andrews, North Carolina, in August 2017 when it opened a base at the Western North Carolina Airport, WLOS said. LIFE FORCE operates two air-bus helicopters out of the base.

Authorities will continue processing the scene on Friday to determine the cause of the accident and the investigation is ongoing.No one from the public was injured in the incident.

A car has crashed through the terminal of Wilmington International Airport after driving through a fence and onto the airport's tarmac on Thursday night, according to a statement from airport officials released late Thursday.

According to local outlets, the car breached the fence line at the airport and drove onto the tarmac. The car then reportedly retreated from the tarmac and the driver was engaged by police.

The car ultimately ended up inside the terminal after crashing through doors and windows and the driver was subsequently detained by police.

"This evening, an automobile breached the airport. No one from the public was injured. New Hanover County Sherriff’s office responded swiftly, detained the individual, and is coordinating with partner agencies," read a statement from Wilmington International Airport. "The airport is open and had minimal impact to operations. ILM expects to be fully operational by the morning."

A car has crashed through the terminal of Wilmington International Airport after driving through a fence and onto the airport's tarmac on Thursday, March 9, 2023, according to a statement from airport officials. WWAY

Photos from the scene showed a vehicle with significant front-end damage inside the terminal of the airport with broken glass and debris covering the floor of the airport terminal.

Authorities have not released the identity of the driver or give further details on exactly how the suspect was able to breach the fence of the airport.

Charges are expected to be filed in this case and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.

Clara McMichael and Amanda Maile contributed to this report.No one from the public was injured in the incident.

A car has crashed through the terminal of Wilmington International Airport after driving through a fence and onto the airport's tarmac on Thursday night, according to a statement from airport officials released late Thursday.

According to local outlets, the car breached the fence line at the airport and drove onto the tarmac. The car then reportedly retreated from the tarmac and the driver was engaged by police.

The car ultimately ended up inside the terminal after crashing through doors and windows and the driver was subsequently detained by police.

"This evening, an automobile breached the airport. No one from the public was injured. New Hanover County Sherriff’s office responded swiftly, detained the individual, and is coordinating with partner agencies," read a statement from Wilmington International Airport. "The airport is open and had minimal impact to operations. ILM expects to be fully operational by the morning."

A car has crashed through the terminal of Wilmington International Airport after driving through a fence and onto the airport's tarmac on Thursday, March 9, 2023, according to a statement from airport officials. WWAY

Photos from the scene showed a vehicle with significant front-end damage inside the terminal of the airport with broken glass and debris covering the floor of the airport terminal.

Authorities have not released the identity of the driver or give further details on exactly how the suspect was able to breach the fence of the airport.

Charges are expected to be filed in this case and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.

Clara McMichael and Amanda Maile contributed to this report.Norfolk Southern first found the defective wheels in the cleanup at Springfield.

A series of rail cars that Norfolk Southern recently put into service have been discovered to have defective, loose wheels.

These defective wheel sets were involved in one of the several recent derailments Norfolk Southern has had, including the most recent one in Springfield, Ohio.

Norfolk Southern first identified the defective wheels during the cleanup at Springfield -- the day after the derailment -- on March 5.

Norfolk Southern determined that this "specific model and series of railcars had loose wheels, which could cause a derailment," the company confirmed in a statement to ABC. "The investigative team identified these wheels as coming from a series of recently acquired cars from a specific manufacturer."

The catch comes as the company already faces intense scrutiny for its string of high-profile derailments and other incidents.

The company said they "immediately notified" the NTSB and the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) once they found the issue "and began inspecting other cars from this series on our network" which led them to discover additional cases of "unusual wheel movement."

Norfolk Southern issued orders to take the cars with these wheels out of service until the wheelsets could be replaced, and are removing the model and series from service for inspection. The company also says they notified the manufacturer and "worked urgently" to inform the rest of the railroad industry since these wheelsets are not proprietary to Norfolk Southern.

"Norfolk Southern will continue to investigate this matter and take appropriate action," the company said in their statement.

EAST PALESTINE, OH - MARCH 09: Ohio EPA and EPA contractors collect soil and air samples from the derailment site on March 9, 2023 in East Palestine, Ohio. Cleanup efforts continue after a Norfolk Southern train carrying toxic chemicals derailed causing an environmental disaster. Thousands of residents were ordered to evacuate after the area was placed under a state of emergency and temporary evacuation orders. Michael Swensen/Getty Images

The Association of American Railroads has now issued guidance to pull relevant cars off the tracks and inspect them -- and to immediately replace suspect wheelsets with new ones.

"A member railroad has experienced three loose wheels" in cars that are of "new builds," their advisory, reviewed by ABC, said.

An AAR spokesperson confirms to ABC that the "member railroad" they refer to is indeed Norfolk Southern.

The spokesperson called this an "uncommon defect" as well as one that "demanded urgent action."

"This is a voluntary, proactive step aimed at ensuring equipment health and integrity," the spokesperson said.

AAR's advisory says to "inspect and remove from service" the wheelsets mounted by National Steel Car between August 2022 and March 2023.

"These wheelsets are at an increased risk of an out of gage derailment," AAR's advisory reads. "All cars included in this advisory must be inspected for the wheelsets in question and reported as outlined below. Any cars, loaded or empty, found so equipped must have the NSC-T mounted wheel sets removed immediately as directed below. If available, replace suspect wheel sets with new wheel sets."

"Yesterday, Norfolk Southern identified loose wheels on a series of cars that presents an increased risk of an out of gage derailment. Today, AAR through its committee structure took expeditious action and has issued an advisory to stop cars with these wheels from use and interchange until those wheel sets can be replaced," the spokesperson said.

ABC News has reached out to National Steel Car for comment.Norfolk Southern first found the defective wheels in the cleanup at Springfield.

A series of rail cars that Norfolk Southern recently put into service have been discovered to have defective, loose wheels.

These defective wheel sets were involved in one of the several recent derailments Norfolk Southern has had, including the most recent one in Springfield, Ohio.

Norfolk Southern first identified the defective wheels during the cleanup at Springfield -- the day after the derailment -- on March 5.

Norfolk Southern determined that this "specific model and series of railcars had loose wheels, which could cause a derailment," the company confirmed in a statement to ABC. "The investigative team identified these wheels as coming from a series of recently acquired cars from a specific manufacturer."

The catch comes as the company already faces intense scrutiny for its string of high-profile derailments and other incidents.

The company said they "immediately notified" the NTSB and the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) once they found the issue "and began inspecting other cars from this series on our network" which led them to discover additional cases of "unusual wheel movement."

Norfolk Southern issued orders to take the cars with these wheels out of service until the wheelsets could be replaced, and are removing the model and series from service for inspection. The company also says they notified the manufacturer and "worked urgently" to inform the rest of the railroad industry since these wheelsets are not proprietary to Norfolk Southern.

"Norfolk Southern will continue to investigate this matter and take appropriate action," the company said in their statement.

EAST PALESTINE, OH - MARCH 09: Ohio EPA and EPA contractors collect soil and air samples from the derailment site on March 9, 2023 in East Palestine, Ohio. Cleanup efforts continue after a Norfolk Southern train carrying toxic chemicals derailed causing an environmental disaster. Thousands of residents were ordered to evacuate after the area was placed under a state of emergency and temporary evacuation orders. Michael Swensen/Getty Images

The Association of American Railroads has now issued guidance to pull relevant cars off the tracks and inspect them -- and to immediately replace suspect wheelsets with new ones.

"A member railroad has experienced three loose wheels" in cars that are of "new builds," their advisory, reviewed by ABC, said.

An AAR spokesperson confirms to ABC that the "member railroad" they refer to is indeed Norfolk Southern.

The spokesperson called this an "uncommon defect" as well as one that "demanded urgent action."

"This is a voluntary, proactive step aimed at ensuring equipment health and integrity," the spokesperson said.

AAR's advisory says to "inspect and remove from service" the wheelsets mounted by National Steel Car between August 2022 and March 2023.

"These wheelsets are at an increased risk of an out of gage derailment," AAR's advisory reads. "All cars included in this advisory must be inspected for the wheelsets in question and reported as outlined below. Any cars, loaded or empty, found so equipped must have the NSC-T mounted wheel sets removed immediately as directed below. If available, replace suspect wheel sets with new wheel sets."

"Yesterday, Norfolk Southern identified loose wheels on a series of cars that presents an increased risk of an out of gage derailment. Today, AAR through its committee structure took expeditious action and has issued an advisory to stop cars with these wheels from use and interchange until those wheel sets can be replaced," the spokesperson said.

ABC News has reached out to National Steel Car for comment.ABC News Live Prime: Thu, Mar 9, 2023 Mexican cartel takes responsibility for kidnapping of four Americans; districts move to four-day school week; Stephanie Hsu talks Oscar nod and representation in 'Everything Everywhere All at Once.'ABC News Live Prime: Thu, Mar 9, 2023 Mexican cartel takes responsibility for kidnapping of four Americans; districts move to four-day school week; Stephanie Hsu talks Oscar nod and representation in 'Everything Everywhere All at Once.'More states turning to 4-day school weeks to address teacher shortages ABC News' Averi Harper reports on the impact of school districts in Missouri who have changed to a four-day school week in order to recruit and retain teachers amid shortages.More states turning to 4-day school weeks to address teacher shortages ABC News' Averi Harper reports on the impact of school districts in Missouri who have changed to a four-day school week in order to recruit and retain teachers amid shortages.2020’s DNC and RNC are different than any before2020’s DNC and RNC are different than any beforeThe move could signal that the DA is moving toward a charging decision.

The Manhattan district attorney's office has informed former President Donald Trump of his right to testify before a grand jury investigating his role in a payment to porn star Stormy Daniels before the 2016 presidential election, sources familiar with the matter tell ABC News.

In New York, potential targets of investigations are, by law, given the chance to appear before the grand jury hearing evidence.

So-called "cross notice" was given to Trump in recent days, the sources said, and could be a sign that District Attorney Alvin Bragg is moving toward a charging decision.

News of the development was first reported by The New York Times.

"The Manhattan District Attorney's threat to indict President Trump is simply insane," a Trump spokesperson said in a statement. "President Trump was the victim of extortion then, just as he is now. It's an embarrassment to the Democrat prosecutors, and it's an embarrassment to New York City."

Former President Donald Trump speaks to reporters before his speech at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), Mar. 4, 2023, in National Harbor, Md. Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images

A spokesperson for the Manhattan district attorney's office declined to comment.

In recent weeks ABC News has reported on the witnesses who have appeared before the grand jury, including former Trump associates Kellyanne Conway, Hope Hicks and Michael Cohen.

The district attorney has been probing whether Trump falsified business records in connection with a $130,000 payment made to Daniels before the 2016 election, which prosecutors allege was to keep her from talking about a long-denied affair, sources familiar with the matter have told ABC News.The move could signal that the DA is moving toward a charging decision.

The Manhattan district attorney's office has informed former President Donald Trump of his right to testify before a grand jury investigating his role in a payment to porn star Stormy Daniels before the 2016 presidential election, sources familiar with the matter tell ABC News.

In New York, potential targets of investigations are, by law, given the chance to appear before the grand jury hearing evidence.

So-called "cross notice" was given to Trump in recent days, the sources said, and could be a sign that District Attorney Alvin Bragg is moving toward a charging decision.

News of the development was first reported by The New York Times.

"The Manhattan District Attorney's threat to indict President Trump is simply insane," a Trump spokesperson said in a statement. "President Trump was the victim of extortion then, just as he is now. It's an embarrassment to the Democrat prosecutors, and it's an embarrassment to New York City."

Former President Donald Trump speaks to reporters before his speech at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), Mar. 4, 2023, in National Harbor, Md. Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images

A spokesperson for the Manhattan district attorney's office declined to comment.

In recent weeks ABC News has reported on the witnesses who have appeared before the grand jury, including former Trump associates Kellyanne Conway, Hope Hicks and Michael Cohen.

The district attorney has been probing whether Trump falsified business records in connection with a $130,000 payment made to Daniels before the 2016 election, which prosecutors allege was to keep her from talking about a long-denied affair, sources familiar with the matter have told ABC News.Currently, at least 30,000 homes have failing systems in the Black Belt region.

After years of dealing with unsanitary wastewater conditions in and outside of their homes, some residents in the predominately African American Black Belt region of Alabama allege the state agency tasked with distributing funds to fix faulty septic systems has been slow to repair tanks and sewage lines.

Some residents have reported wastewater rising from the ground into their yards and entering their homes through pipes. This has been an ongoing problem for decades in the area, according to the Center of Rural Enterprise and Environmental Justice (CREEJ). Now, residents and multiple organizations are taking action to try and clean up their community.

Heavy rainfall sometimes causes raw sewage to seep back into Burke's home through her toilets, sinks and bathtub. USDA

CREEJ joined the Natural Resources Defense Council and the Southern Poverty Law Center to file a complaint against the Alabama Department of Environmental Management (ADEM) on Monday alleging the state agency is withholding funds, particularly from Black communities, that can be used to install and maintain water sanitation systems for those who need it the most.

"This complaint is incorrect and misleading," Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey's office told ABC News through a statement. "I suggest checking out the facts: https://alabamawaterprojects.com/".

The director of the ADEM, Lance LeFleur, denies any racial bias in the allocation of funds.

"I will tell people day in, day out, we do not, in any way, have any discrimination in this department," LeFleur told ABC News. "The results are what matters. That's what counts."

The results that LeFleur is referring to are the $157 million he said the ADEM has committed to the Black Belt region, which is an area where a majority of the residents are African American and has some of the highest poverty rates in the country, according to experts from the University of Alabama. That's 34% of the total funds the ADEM currently has for wastewater management for the entire state, he said. According to LeFleur, the Black Belt makes up 10.6% of Alabama's total population.

Alabama is expected to receive up to $1 billion for failing infrastructure in Alabama, partly through President Joe Biden's bipartisan infrastructure bill but the state would need about $3 billion to fix all of their infrastructure issues, according to LeFleur.

But the director said the money they've allocated so far hasn't been implemented yet and plans on where to use it are still in development. He estimates about half of the homes in the Black Belt use their own septic systems, as opposed to a centralized system.

Currently, at least 30,000 homes have failing systems in the region and the ADEM has only been able to work with about 150 - 200 homes to install working systems in the last year, according to LeFleur.

Mautree Burke, 26, who said she lives on land in rural White Hall, Alabama, that was once used as a campsite for civil rights marches in the 60s, said she hasn't seen any of that aid and is struggling to keep raw sewage from spewing over that same land.

The failing septic tank buried behind Mautree Burke's home causes sewage to rise to the surface of her backyard. USDA

She said wastewater is coming from a failing septic tank buried in her backyard and this is a problem many residents in her town are dealing with. Some residents don't have a septic tank, but only pipes that carry wastewater from their houses directly into their yards, according to Burke.

"Sometimes, it'll get clogged," Burke said when describing an issue with a neighbor's home, which she said has pipes. "And they'll sometimes try to go unclog it with a stick or a pole so it can try to run again. And I'll tell you this, who wants to do that?"

Burke lives in the Black Belt region in a home with her husband, three children and mother.

The region, which spans across several states in the South, was named for its black, fertile soil. The dense earth renders many existing wastewater systems ineffective, according to the Environmental Protection Agency.

Burke said her family can't afford to pay the $10,000 - $15,000 she estimates it would cost to fix a crack in her 30-plus-year-old septic tank.

"That would help us tremendously," Burke said when asked how a working septic tank would improve her and her family's lives. "We wouldn't have to worry about the system backing up or sewage coming into the house. The kids, they don't go into the backyard, but they would be able to play more outside."

The founder of CREEJ, Catherine Coleman Flowers, said she grew up in the Black Belt and had to deal with failing septic tanks in her home growing up.

"I mean, we live in the United States of America, for God's sake," Flowers told ABC News. "Nobody in this country should have sewage running back into their homes, or not be able to have it adequately treated, so that they can live in a healthy and safe environment."

Flowers alleges the ADEM has the funds to alleviate Alabama's septic system problem through Alabama's Clean Water State Revolving Fund, but it is withholding the funds from the majority African American Black Belt region of Alabama. A claim, which the agency denies.

CREEJ founder Catherine Coleman Flowers visits Burke's home to see the failing septic system for herself. USDA

"I know there is people around here who care," Burke said. "But I would say put their selves in our shoes that's dealing with this situation. They're taking like baby steps. They're not in like a big hurry to do anything."Currently, at least 30,000 homes have failing systems in the Black Belt region.

After years of dealing with unsanitary wastewater conditions in and outside of their homes, some residents in the predominately African American Black Belt region of Alabama allege the state agency tasked with distributing funds to fix faulty septic systems has been slow to repair tanks and sewage lines.

Some residents have reported wastewater rising from the ground into their yards and entering their homes through pipes. This has been an ongoing problem for decades in the area, according to the Center of Rural Enterprise and Environmental Justice (CREEJ). Now, residents and multiple organizations are taking action to try and clean up their community.

Heavy rainfall sometimes causes raw sewage to seep back into Burke's home through her toilets, sinks and bathtub. USDA

CREEJ joined the Natural Resources Defense Council and the Southern Poverty Law Center to file a complaint against the Alabama Department of Environmental Management (ADEM) on Monday alleging the state agency is withholding funds, particularly from Black communities, that can be used to install and maintain water sanitation systems for those who need it the most.

"This complaint is incorrect and misleading," Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey's office told ABC News through a statement. "I suggest checking out the facts: https://alabamawaterprojects.com/".

The director of the ADEM, Lance LeFleur, denies any racial bias in the allocation of funds.

"I will tell people day in, day out, we do not, in any way, have any discrimination in this department," LeFleur told ABC News. "The results are what matters. That's what counts."

The results that LeFleur is referring to are the $157 million he said the ADEM has committed to the Black Belt region, which is an area where a majority of the residents are African American and has some of the highest poverty rates in the country, according to experts from the University of Alabama. That's 34% of the total funds the ADEM currently has for wastewater management for the entire state, he said. According to LeFleur, the Black Belt makes up 10.6% of Alabama's total population.

Alabama is expected to receive up to $1 billion for failing infrastructure in Alabama, partly through President Joe Biden's bipartisan infrastructure bill but the state would need about $3 billion to fix all of their infrastructure issues, according to LeFleur.

But the director said the money they've allocated so far hasn't been implemented yet and plans on where to use it are still in development. He estimates about half of the homes in the Black Belt use their own septic systems, as opposed to a centralized system.

Currently, at least 30,000 homes have failing systems in the region and the ADEM has only been able to work with about 150 - 200 homes to install working systems in the last year, according to LeFleur.

Mautree Burke, 26, who said she lives on land in rural White Hall, Alabama, that was once used as a campsite for civil rights marches in the 60s, said she hasn't seen any of that aid and is struggling to keep raw sewage from spewing over that same land.

The failing septic tank buried behind Mautree Burke's home causes sewage to rise to the surface of her backyard. USDA

She said wastewater is coming from a failing septic tank buried in her backyard and this is a problem many residents in her town are dealing with. Some residents don't have a septic tank, but only pipes that carry wastewater from their houses directly into their yards, according to Burke.

"Sometimes, it'll get clogged," Burke said when describing an issue with a neighbor's home, which she said has pipes. "And they'll sometimes try to go unclog it with a stick or a pole so it can try to run again. And I'll tell you this, who wants to do that?"

Burke lives in the Black Belt region in a home with her husband, three children and mother.

The region, which spans across several states in the South, was named for its black, fertile soil. The dense earth renders many existing wastewater systems ineffective, according to the Environmental Protection Agency.

Burke said her family can't afford to pay the $10,000 - $15,000 she estimates it would cost to fix a crack in her 30-plus-year-old septic tank.

"That would help us tremendously," Burke said when asked how a working septic tank would improve her and her family's lives. "We wouldn't have to worry about the system backing up or sewage coming into the house. The kids, they don't go into the backyard, but they would be able to play more outside."

The founder of CREEJ, Catherine Coleman Flowers, said she grew up in the Black Belt and had to deal with failing septic tanks in her home growing up.

"I mean, we live in the United States of America, for God's sake," Flowers told ABC News. "Nobody in this country should have sewage running back into their homes, or not be able to have it adequately treated, so that they can live in a healthy and safe environment."

Flowers alleges the ADEM has the funds to alleviate Alabama's septic system problem through Alabama's Clean Water State Revolving Fund, but it is withholding the funds from the majority African American Black Belt region of Alabama. A claim, which the agency denies.

CREEJ founder Catherine Coleman Flowers visits Burke's home to see the failing septic system for herself. USDA

"I know there is people around here who care," Burke said. "But I would say put their selves in our shoes that's dealing with this situation. They're taking like baby steps. They're not in like a big hurry to do anything."Alec Baldwin was charged with involuntary manslaughter in the 2021 shooting.

Prosecutors in the criminal trial against Alec Baldwin and the armorer involved in the shooting death of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins refuted claims by the defense that the gun used in the incident was destroyed.

Baldwin's lawyer, Alex Spiro, told the court during a status conference on Thursday that "the firearm in this case that's a great subject of it, and was destroyed by the state."

"So that's obviously an issue and we're going to have to see that firearm or what's left of it," Spiro said.

This aerial photo shows the movie set of "Rust" at Bonanza Creek Ranch in Santa Fe, N.M., Oct. 23, 2021. Jae C. Hong/AP, FILE

However, a few hours later, Heather Brewer, a spokeswoman for New Mexico First Judicial District Attorney Mary Carmack-Altwies, released a statement clarifying the status of the weapon and said it had not been destroyed.

"The defense's unexpected statement in the status hearing today that the gun had been destroyed by the state may be a reference to a statement in the FBI's July 2022 firearms testing report that said damage was done to internal components of the gun during the FBI's functionality testing. However, the gun still exists and can be used as evidence," Brewer said in the statement.

The weapon was is available for the defense to review, she added.

A source close to the defense told ABC News that the weapon's damage was "very problematic," since it is a key piece of evidence that led to involuntary manslaughter charges against Baldwin

Baldwin has pleaded not guilty to the charges and is awaiting trial, along with the film's armorer, Hannah Gutierrez-Reed, who was also charged with involuntary manslaughter.

During Thursday's conference, Judge Mary Sommer set a date of May 3 for the preliminary hearing in the case. Prosecutors presented a list of 46 possible witnesses, and both Baldwin and Guitierrez-Reed will attend in person.

This file handout photo courtesy of Santa Fe County Sheriff's Office and part of the investigative files, shows Alec Baldwin being processed after the death of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins on the set of the film "Rust" at the Bonanza Creek Ranch in Santa Fe, N.M., Oct. 21, 2022. Santa Fe County Sheriff's Office/AFP via Getty Images

On Oct. 21, 2021, Baldwin was rehearsing a scene for the independent Western at the Bonanza Creek Ranch in New Mexico. Hutchins was shot and killed when Baldwin was practicing with a Colt .45 revolver. Director Joel Souza was also injured in the shooting.

An image of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins, who died after being shot by Alec Baldwin on the set of his movie "Rust", is displayed at a vigil in Albuquerque, N.M., Oct. 23, 2021. Kevin Mohatt/Reuters, FILE

Several lawsuits have been filed in connection with the shooting, including a wrongful death suit filed by Hutchins' family. They reached a settlement with Baldwin and producers in October.

First assistant director David Halls agreed to plead no contest to the charge of negligent use of a deadly weapon. The plea agreement is pending a judge's approval, prosecutors have said.

ABC News' Meredith Deliso contributed to this report.Alec Baldwin was charged with involuntary manslaughter in the 2021 shooting.

Prosecutors in the criminal trial against Alec Baldwin and the armorer involved in the shooting death of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins refuted claims by the defense that the gun used in the incident was destroyed.

Baldwin's lawyer, Alex Spiro, told the court during a status conference on Thursday that "the firearm in this case that's a great subject of it, and was destroyed by the state."

"So that's obviously an issue and we're going to have to see that firearm or what's left of it," Spiro said.

This aerial photo shows the movie set of "Rust" at Bonanza Creek Ranch in Santa Fe, N.M., Oct. 23, 2021. Jae C. Hong/AP, FILE

However, a few hours later, Heather Brewer, a spokeswoman for New Mexico First Judicial District Attorney Mary Carmack-Altwies, released a statement clarifying the status of the weapon and said it had not been destroyed.

"The defense's unexpected statement in the status hearing today that the gun had been destroyed by the state may be a reference to a statement in the FBI's July 2022 firearms testing report that said damage was done to internal components of the gun during the FBI's functionality testing. However, the gun still exists and can be used as evidence," Brewer said in the statement.

The weapon was is available for the defense to review, she added.

A source close to the defense told ABC News that the weapon's damage was "very problematic," since it is a key piece of evidence that led to involuntary manslaughter charges against Baldwin

Baldwin has pleaded not guilty to the charges and is awaiting trial, along with the film's armorer, Hannah Gutierrez-Reed, who was also charged with involuntary manslaughter.

During Thursday's conference, Judge Mary Sommer set a date of May 3 for the preliminary hearing in the case. Prosecutors presented a list of 46 possible witnesses, and both Baldwin and Guitierrez-Reed will attend in person.

This file handout photo courtesy of Santa Fe County Sheriff's Office and part of the investigative files, shows Alec Baldwin being processed after the death of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins on the set of the film "Rust" at the Bonanza Creek Ranch in Santa Fe, N.M., Oct. 21, 2022. Santa Fe County Sheriff's Office/AFP via Getty Images

On Oct. 21, 2021, Baldwin was rehearsing a scene for the independent Western at the Bonanza Creek Ranch in New Mexico. Hutchins was shot and killed when Baldwin was practicing with a Colt .45 revolver. Director Joel Souza was also injured in the shooting.

An image of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins, who died after being shot by Alec Baldwin on the set of his movie "Rust", is displayed at a vigil in Albuquerque, N.M., Oct. 23, 2021. Kevin Mohatt/Reuters, FILE

Several lawsuits have been filed in connection with the shooting, including a wrongful death suit filed by Hutchins' family. They reached a settlement with Baldwin and producers in October.

First assistant director David Halls agreed to plead no contest to the charge of negligent use of a deadly weapon. The plea agreement is pending a judge's approval, prosecutors have said.

ABC News' Meredith Deliso contributed to this report.Alex Murdaugh was convicted of murdering his wife and younger son.

A string of bloody killings and mysteries involving a prominent South Carolina family has been filled with a wild chase full of twists and turns -- culminating in a murder conviction against the family's patriarch.

At the center of it is Alex Murdaugh, 54, a former lawyer who comes from a legacy of prominent attorneys in South Carolina, where three generations of the family had been state prosecutors in the Hampton County area for more than a century.

The saga began when his younger son, Paul, was involved in a fatal boat crash in 2019. A year and a half later, Murdaugh's wife, Margaret "Maggie" Murdaugh, 52, and Paul, 22, were found fatally shot on the family's rural hunting estate.

Since then, there have been curveballs in the investigation -- including Alex Murdaugh's alleged money misuse that led to his disbarment, an admitted opioid addiction, an assisted-suicide attempt involving an alleged $10 million insurance fraud scheme and a high-profile murder trial.

Here's a timeline of the key events in the Murdaugh murders and scandals:

In this booking photo released on Sept. 16, 2021, by the Hampton County Detention Center, Alex Murdaugh is shown. Hampton County Detention Center

Feb. 24, 2019: Paul Murdaugh involved in deadly boat crash

Paul Murdaugh, then 19, is alleged to have been boating under the influence when he is involved in a crash that killed a 19-year-old woman, Mallory Beach of South Carolina. The wreck led to some questioning whether his family's ties to the legal system in the area affected the investigation, local newspaper The Island Packet reported at the time.

Within weeks of the boat crash, Mallory Beach's mother filed a civil lawsuit against the convenience store where Paul Murdaugh purchased alcohol the night of the crash and against Alex Murdaugh, who owned the boat, and his older brother, Buster Murdaugh, whose I.D. Paul Murdaugh used.

April 18, 2019: Paul Murdaugh charged

Paul Murdaugh was charged with multiple felonies, including boating under the influence, in connection with the boat crash. He had pleaded not guilty to all charges and faced up to 25 years in prison if convicted.

June 7, 2021: Margaret and Paul Murdaugh are found dead

Margaret and Paul Murdaugh were found dead near dog kennels at the family's home near Islandton, South Carolina, police said. The Colleton County sheriff's department said both victims suffered multiple gunshot wounds.

Their bodies were discovered by Alex Murdaugh, police said. He told authorities he had been out at the time of the shooting and found his wife and son dead when he arrived home, the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division (SLED) said in a later news release.

At the time Paul Murdaugh was awaiting trial for the deadly boat crash.

Duffie Stone, the 14th circuit solicitor appointed in 2006, the first non-Murdaugh to hold the position since 1920, recused himself from the case because of personal connections.

In this undated file photo, Alex Murdaugh, fourth generation of a powerful South Carolina dynasty and owner of a boat involved in a fatal accident, leaves a hearing in a personal injury lawsuit at the Richland County Courthouse. John Monk/The State/TNS via Newscom, FILE

June 17, 2021: Alex Murdaugh's brothers speak on "Good Morning America"

John Marvin Murdaugh and Randolph "Randy" Murdaugh IV spoke with "Good Morning America" about the deaths of Maggie and Paul, saying they didn't believe their brother was involved in their killings.

"My brother loved Maggie and loved Paul like nothing else on this earth, just like he loves Buster," Randy said, naming Alex's other son. "So there's no possible way he could have anything to do with this, I can assure you."

June 22, 2021: Authorities reopen probe into 2015 death of Stephen Smith

SLED announced it reopened an investigation into the death of a man named Stephen Smith, 19, after new evidence was gathered during the course of the investigation into the Murdaugh double homicide.

Smith was found dead in the middle of a road in Hampton County in 2015 and investigators believed he was hit by a vehicle but no suspects were ever apprehended, a local ABC affiliate in North Carolina, WTVD, reported.

June 25, 2021: Murdaugh family announces $100,000 reward for information

Alex Murdaugh and his son Buster announced a $100,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of assailants involved in the murders of Maggie and Paul.

"I want to thank everyone for the incredible love and support that we have received over the last few weeks," Murdaugh said in a statement at the time. "Now is the time to bring justice for Maggie and Paul. Buster and I, along with Maggie's mother, father and our entire family, ask that anyone with helpful information should immediately call the SLED tip line or Crime Stoppers."

Sept. 3, 2021: Alex Murdaugh resigns from law firm

Murdaugh officially resigned from the law firm Peters, Murdaugh, Parker, Eltzroth, & Detrick based in Hampton, South Carolina, on Sept. 3 but publicly announced his resignation days later.

In this June 11, 2021, file photo, Buster Murdaugh, center, receives a hug in the rain during the funeral service for his brother, Paul, and mother, Maggie, in Hampton, S.C. Kacen Bayless/The Island Packet via AP, FILE

Sept. 4, 2021: Murdaugh calls 911 saying he was shot

A major twist in the case came when Alex Murdaugh called authorities saying he was shot in the head in Hampton County on Sept. 4.

A family spokesperson told ABC News at the time that he was changing a tire when a car passed him. The vehicle turned around and "someone in the car shot him," the spokesperson said to ABC News.

SLED said in a statement at the time that he was shot on Old Salkehatchie Road near Varnville, South Carolina. He was transported to a hospital in Savannah, Georgia, for "treatment of a superficial gunshot wound to the head," SLED said.

The family's spokesperson later offered a clarification regarding the shooting, saying, "Alex had an entry and exit wound, his skull was fractured and it was not a self-inflicted bullet wound. Alex pulled over after seeing a low-tire indicator light. A male driver in a blue pickup asked him if he had car troubles, as soon as Alex replied, he was shot."

Sept. 6, 2021: Murdaugh announces resignation, enters rehab

Alex Murdaugh publicly announced that he resigned from his law firm and will enter rehab.

"The murders of my wife and son have caused an incredibly difficult time in my life. I have made a lot of decisions that I truly regret. I'm resigning from my law firm and entering rehab after a long battle that has been exacerbated by these murders. I am immensely sorry to everyone I've hurt including my family, friends and colleagues. I ask for prayers as I rehabilitate myself and my relationships," he said.

Sept. 7, 2021: Law firm says Murdaugh left due to money misuse

Alex Murdaugh's former law firm, Peters Murdaugh Parker Eltzroth & Detrick, released a statement saying Murdaugh formally resigned Sept. 3 and that "he is no longer associated with PMPED in any manner."

"His resignation came after the discovery by PMPED that Alex misappropriated funds in violation of PMPED standards and policies. A forensic accounting firm will be retained to conduct a thorough investigation."

The firm said that it contacted law enforcement and the South Carolina Bar.

Sept. 8, 2021: Brother "shocked" by Murdaugh allegations; Alex Murdaugh's law license suspended

Alex Murdaugh's older brother Randy Murdaugh, who is also still employed by the firm, released a statement saying he was "shocked" to learn of his brother's "settling of money," as well as "drug addiction."

"I love my law firm family and also love Alex as my brother. While I will support him in his recovery, I do not support, condone, or excuse his conduct in stealing by manipulating his most trusted relationships. I will continue to pursue my client's interests with the highest degree of honesty and integrity, as I always have," he said.

The South Carolina Supreme Court also issued an order suspending Alex Murdaugh's license to practice law in the state.

Sept. 13, 2021: SLED investigates missing money from law firm

SLED confirmed they are the law enforcement agency investigating the missing money from the law firm.

Sept. 14, 2021: Police charge man in Alex Murdaugh shooting

SLED announced the arrest of Curtis Edward Smith, 61, in connection with the shooting incident involving Alex Murdaugh on Sept. 4 in Hampton County.

This photo provided by the Colleton County sheriff's office shows Curtis Edward Smith. Colleton County Sheriffs Office via AP

Smith was charged with assisted suicide, assault and battery of a high-aggravated nature, pointing and presenting a firearm, insurance fraud and conspiracy to commit insurance fraud.

Sept. 15, 2021: Lawyers say Murdaugh set up his own shooting, police open criminal investigation into 2018 death of Gloria Satterfield

Alex Murdaugh enlisted Curtis Smith to shoot and kill him while in his mentally ill, drug-addicted and grieving state, Murdaugh's attorneys Jim Griffin and Dick Harpootlian said in a statement on Sept. 15, a day after Smith was charged.

"On September 4, it became clear Alex believed that ending his life was his only option. Today, he knows that's not true. For the last 20 years, there have been many people feeding his addiction to opioids. During that time, these individuals took advantage of his addiction and his ability to pay substantial funds for illegal drugs. One of those individuals took advantage of his mental illness and agreed to take Alex's life, by shooting him in the head," the statement said.

"Fortunately, Alex was not killed by the gunshot wound. Alex is fully cooperating with SLED in their investigations into his shooting, opioid use and the search to find the person or people responsible for the murder of his wife and son. Alex is not without fault but he is just one of many whose life has been devastated by opioid addiction," the lawyers' statement continued.

Also on Sept. 15, the sons of a former Murdaugh housekeeper, Gloria Satterfield, filed a lawsuit against Alex Murdaugh, Corey Fleming and others for allegedly swindling them out of receiving settlement money.

Satterfield reportedly died after a falling accident in the Murdaugh family home in February 2018, the lawsuit states.

In the civil lawsuit, Satterfield's surviving sons claimed Alex Murdaugh approached them after she died, proposing the sons sue him so they would get a life insurance settlement on their mother's behalf, the complaint states.

The court papers said that Murdaugh personally introduced them to fellow attorney Corey Fleming with the recommendation that Fleming should represent them "in filing legal claims against Murdaugh for the wrongful death of their mother."

The alleged conspiracy led to a $505,000 settlement, but Satterfield's sons claim they haven't gotten any of that settlement money, which was agreed upon in December 2018, the lawsuit claimed.

SLED then said they were opening the investigation into Satterfield's death at the request of the Hampton County Coroner's Office and due to information gathered during the course of other ongoing investigations involving Alex Murdaugh.

Sept. 16, 2021: Alex Murdaugh surrenders

Murdaugh turned himself in at the Hampton County Detention Center.

Lawyer Alex Murdaugh walks into his bond hearing, Sept. 16, 2021, in Varnville, S.C. Mic Smith/AP

He was arrested in connection to the Sept. 4 shooting incident "in which he conspired with Curtis Edward Smith to assist him in committing suicide for the explicit purpose of allowing a beneficiary to collect life insurance," SLED said in a statement.

The affidavit said Murdaugh provided a statement to SLED on Sept. 13: "Admitting to the scheme … for the purpose of his son collecting a life insurance policy valued at approximately $10 million." A day later, Smith admitted to being present during the Murdaugh shooting and disposing the firearm afterward.

Murdaugh was charged with insurance fraud, conspiracy to commit insurance fraud, along with filing a false police report. The case will be prosecuted by the attorney general's office.

"I can assure you that SLED agents will continue working to bring justice to anyone involved with any criminal act associated with these ongoing investigations," said SLED Chief Mark Keel. "The arrests in this case are only the first step in that process."

Earlier on Sept. 16, Curtis Edward Smith appeared in front of a Hampton County Judge for a bond hearing on charges where he agreed to a public defender and had his bond set at $55,000 for the attempted assisted suicide of Alex Murdaugh.

Sept. 18, 2021: $20,000 bond

In a bond hearing in Hampton County court on Thursday, Sept. 18. Alex Murdaugh was ordered held on a $20,000 personal recognizance bond. Murdaugh will return to rehab, according to his attorney, and will change to an out-of-state rehab facility afterwards. If he leaves the rehab facility, there will be a bench warrant issued for his arrest, Judge Tonja Alexander said.

Oct. 6, 2021: Murdaugh sued by former law firm

Alex Murdaugh's former law firm filed a lawsuit alleging that he funneled stolen money from clients and the law firm into a fake bank account for years.

In response, one of his attorneys called it a "very sad development."

"Alex holds every member of the Peters, Murdaugh, Parker, Eltzroth, Detrick law firm in very high esteem," Griffin said on Twitter. "He has pledged his full cooperation to the firm."

Oct. 14, 2021: Murdaugh arrested, charged in connection to settlement funds from housekeeper's death

Alex Murdaugh was taken into custody upon his release from a Florida rehab facility and charged with two felony counts of obtaining property by false pretenses, SLED announced.

"These charges stem from a SLED investigation into misappropriated settlement funds in the death of Gloria Satterfield," SLED said in a statement.

A bond hearing was scheduled for Oct. 15 in Beaufort County, South Carolina, his lawyers said.

"Alex intends to fully cooperate with this investigation, as he has with the investigation into the murder of his wife and son," his lawyers said in a statement.

Satterfield's family members, who have alleged that Alex Murdaugh stole more than $4 million in insurance settlements for her death, called the development "bittersweet" and a "very good start to holding everyone accountable."

"Avarice and betrayal of trust are at the heart of this matter," the families said in a statement through their lawyers. "Since early September the families are dealing with the betrayal of trust and that their loved one's death was used as a vehicle to enrich others over the clients."

Oct. 15, 2021: Lawyer said Murdaugh had drugs in his system day he was shot

Murdaugh's lawyer Dick Harpootlian said on "Good Morning America" Friday that health records show Murdaugh had drugs in his system when he was shot on Sept. 4.

"Those medical records show he was positive for opiates and barbiturates on the night that he was taken to the Savannah hospital," Harpootlian said. "He has a long-term Oxycontin opiate addiction … that put him in a position where he did those stupid and illegal things."

Dec. 13, 2021: $7 million bond

A judge set Alex Murdaugh's bond at $7 million on nearly 50 financial crimes charges.

June 28, 2022: Indicted for conspiracy

Murdaugh and Smith were indicted by the state's grand jury on two conspiracy counts, including a narcotics count related to Oxycodone.

July 12, 2022: Alex Murdaugh disbarred

The Supreme Court of South Carolina officially disbarred Alex Murdaugh from practicing law in the state based on his "admitted reprehensible misconduct."

July 14, 2022: Alex Murdaugh indicted for murder

A grand jury indicted Alex Murdaugh on two counts of murder for the fatal shootings of his wife and son.

July 20, 2022: Not guilty plea

Alex Murdaugh pleaded not guilty to the murder charges at a bond hearing. Judge Clifton Newman denied bond.

Dec. 16, 2022: Alex Murdaugh indicted on tax evasion

A grand jury indicted Alex Murdaugh on nine counts of tax evasion, alleging he failed to pay nearly $490,000 in state income taxes over nearly a decade. He now faces over 100 criminal charges.

Defendant Alex Murdaugh is cross examined by prosecutor Creighton Waters while testifying during his murder trial at the Colleton County Courthouse in Walterboro, S.C., Feb. 24, 2023. Joshua Boucher/The State via AP, POOL

Jan. 23, 2023: Murder trial begins

The double murder trial of Alex Murdaugh begins with jury selection in the Colleton County Courthouse in Walterboro, South Carolina.

March 2, 2023: Guilty verdict

A jury found Alex Murdaugh guilty of murdering his wife and son after deliberating for nearly three hours.

March 3, 2023: Sentenced to life in prison

Alex Murdaugh was sentenced to life in prison. The life sentences for each murder will run consecutively.

March 10, 2023: Notice of appeal filed

Alex Murdaugh's attorneys filed a notice of appeal for his convictions and sentences in the South Carolina Court of Appeals.

ABC News' Eva Pilgrim, Alexandra Faul, William Gretsky, Janice McDonald, Jen Leong and Mike Repplier contributed to this report.Alex Murdaugh was convicted of murdering his wife and younger son.

A string of bloody killings and mysteries involving a prominent South Carolina family has been filled with a wild chase full of twists and turns -- culminating in a murder conviction against the family's patriarch.

At the center of it is Alex Murdaugh, 54, a former lawyer who comes from a legacy of prominent attorneys in South Carolina, where three generations of the family had been state prosecutors in the Hampton County area for more than a century.

The saga began when his younger son, Paul, was involved in a fatal boat crash in 2019. A year and a half later, Murdaugh's wife, Margaret "Maggie" Murdaugh, 52, and Paul, 22, were found fatally shot on the family's rural hunting estate.

Since then, there have been curveballs in the investigation -- including Alex Murdaugh's alleged money misuse that led to his disbarment, an admitted opioid addiction, an assisted-suicide attempt involving an alleged $10 million insurance fraud scheme and a high-profile murder trial.

Here's a timeline of the key events in the Murdaugh murders and scandals:

In this booking photo released on Sept. 16, 2021, by the Hampton County Detention Center, Alex Murdaugh is shown. Hampton County Detention Center

Feb. 24, 2019: Paul Murdaugh involved in deadly boat crash

Paul Murdaugh, then 19, is alleged to have been boating under the influence when he is involved in a crash that killed a 19-year-old woman, Mallory Beach of South Carolina. The wreck led to some questioning whether his family's ties to the legal system in the area affected the investigation, local newspaper The Island Packet reported at the time.

Within weeks of the boat crash, Mallory Beach's mother filed a civil lawsuit against the convenience store where Paul Murdaugh purchased alcohol the night of the crash and against Alex Murdaugh, who owned the boat, and his older brother, Buster Murdaugh, whose I.D. Paul Murdaugh used.

April 18, 2019: Paul Murdaugh charged

Paul Murdaugh was charged with multiple felonies, including boating under the influence, in connection with the boat crash. He had pleaded not guilty to all charges and faced up to 25 years in prison if convicted.

June 7, 2021: Margaret and Paul Murdaugh are found dead

Margaret and Paul Murdaugh were found dead near dog kennels at the family's home near Islandton, South Carolina, police said. The Colleton County sheriff's department said both victims suffered multiple gunshot wounds.

Their bodies were discovered by Alex Murdaugh, police said. He told authorities he had been out at the time of the shooting and found his wife and son dead when he arrived home, the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division (SLED) said in a later news release.

At the time Paul Murdaugh was awaiting trial for the deadly boat crash.

Duffie Stone, the 14th circuit solicitor appointed in 2006, the first non-Murdaugh to hold the position since 1920, recused himself from the case because of personal connections.

In this undated file photo, Alex Murdaugh, fourth generation of a powerful South Carolina dynasty and owner of a boat involved in a fatal accident, leaves a hearing in a personal injury lawsuit at the Richland County Courthouse. John Monk/The State/TNS via Newscom, FILE

June 17, 2021: Alex Murdaugh's brothers speak on "Good Morning America"

John Marvin Murdaugh and Randolph "Randy" Murdaugh IV spoke with "Good Morning America" about the deaths of Maggie and Paul, saying they didn't believe their brother was involved in their killings.

"My brother loved Maggie and loved Paul like nothing else on this earth, just like he loves Buster," Randy said, naming Alex's other son. "So there's no possible way he could have anything to do with this, I can assure you."

June 22, 2021: Authorities reopen probe into 2015 death of Stephen Smith

SLED announced it reopened an investigation into the death of a man named Stephen Smith, 19, after new evidence was gathered during the course of the investigation into the Murdaugh double homicide.

Smith was found dead in the middle of a road in Hampton County in 2015 and investigators believed he was hit by a vehicle but no suspects were ever apprehended, a local ABC affiliate in North Carolina, WTVD, reported.

June 25, 2021: Murdaugh family announces $100,000 reward for information

Alex Murdaugh and his son Buster announced a $100,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of assailants involved in the murders of Maggie and Paul.

"I want to thank everyone for the incredible love and support that we have received over the last few weeks," Murdaugh said in a statement at the time. "Now is the time to bring justice for Maggie and Paul. Buster and I, along with Maggie's mother, father and our entire family, ask that anyone with helpful information should immediately call the SLED tip line or Crime Stoppers."

Sept. 3, 2021: Alex Murdaugh resigns from law firm

Murdaugh officially resigned from the law firm Peters, Murdaugh, Parker, Eltzroth, & Detrick based in Hampton, South Carolina, on Sept. 3 but publicly announced his resignation days later.

In this June 11, 2021, file photo, Buster Murdaugh, center, receives a hug in the rain during the funeral service for his brother, Paul, and mother, Maggie, in Hampton, S.C. Kacen Bayless/The Island Packet via AP, FILE

Sept. 4, 2021: Murdaugh calls 911 saying he was shot

A major twist in the case came when Alex Murdaugh called authorities saying he was shot in the head in Hampton County on Sept. 4.

A family spokesperson told ABC News at the time that he was changing a tire when a car passed him. The vehicle turned around and "someone in the car shot him," the spokesperson said to ABC News.

SLED said in a statement at the time that he was shot on Old Salkehatchie Road near Varnville, South Carolina. He was transported to a hospital in Savannah, Georgia, for "treatment of a superficial gunshot wound to the head," SLED said.

The family's spokesperson later offered a clarification regarding the shooting, saying, "Alex had an entry and exit wound, his skull was fractured and it was not a self-inflicted bullet wound. Alex pulled over after seeing a low-tire indicator light. A male driver in a blue pickup asked him if he had car troubles, as soon as Alex replied, he was shot."

Sept. 6, 2021: Murdaugh announces resignation, enters rehab

Alex Murdaugh publicly announced that he resigned from his law firm and will enter rehab.

"The murders of my wife and son have caused an incredibly difficult time in my life. I have made a lot of decisions that I truly regret. I'm resigning from my law firm and entering rehab after a long battle that has been exacerbated by these murders. I am immensely sorry to everyone I've hurt including my family, friends and colleagues. I ask for prayers as I rehabilitate myself and my relationships," he said.

Sept. 7, 2021: Law firm says Murdaugh left due to money misuse

Alex Murdaugh's former law firm, Peters Murdaugh Parker Eltzroth & Detrick, released a statement saying Murdaugh formally resigned Sept. 3 and that "he is no longer associated with PMPED in any manner."

"His resignation came after the discovery by PMPED that Alex misappropriated funds in violation of PMPED standards and policies. A forensic accounting firm will be retained to conduct a thorough investigation."

The firm said that it contacted law enforcement and the South Carolina Bar.

Sept. 8, 2021: Brother "shocked" by Murdaugh allegations; Alex Murdaugh's law license suspended

Alex Murdaugh's older brother Randy Murdaugh, who is also still employed by the firm, released a statement saying he was "shocked" to learn of his brother's "settling of money," as well as "drug addiction."

"I love my law firm family and also love Alex as my brother. While I will support him in his recovery, I do not support, condone, or excuse his conduct in stealing by manipulating his most trusted relationships. I will continue to pursue my client's interests with the highest degree of honesty and integrity, as I always have," he said.

The South Carolina Supreme Court also issued an order suspending Alex Murdaugh's license to practice law in the state.

Sept. 13, 2021: SLED investigates missing money from law firm

SLED confirmed they are the law enforcement agency investigating the missing money from the law firm.

Sept. 14, 2021: Police charge man in Alex Murdaugh shooting

SLED announced the arrest of Curtis Edward Smith, 61, in connection with the shooting incident involving Alex Murdaugh on Sept. 4 in Hampton County.

This photo provided by the Colleton County sheriff's office shows Curtis Edward Smith. Colleton County Sheriffs Office via AP

Smith was charged with assisted suicide, assault and battery of a high-aggravated nature, pointing and presenting a firearm, insurance fraud and conspiracy to commit insurance fraud.

Sept. 15, 2021: Lawyers say Murdaugh set up his own shooting, police open criminal investigation into 2018 death of Gloria Satterfield

Alex Murdaugh enlisted Curtis Smith to shoot and kill him while in his mentally ill, drug-addicted and grieving state, Murdaugh's attorneys Jim Griffin and Dick Harpootlian said in a statement on Sept. 15, a day after Smith was charged.

"On September 4, it became clear Alex believed that ending his life was his only option. Today, he knows that's not true. For the last 20 years, there have been many people feeding his addiction to opioids. During that time, these individuals took advantage of his addiction and his ability to pay substantial funds for illegal drugs. One of those individuals took advantage of his mental illness and agreed to take Alex's life, by shooting him in the head," the statement said.

"Fortunately, Alex was not killed by the gunshot wound. Alex is fully cooperating with SLED in their investigations into his shooting, opioid use and the search to find the person or people responsible for the murder of his wife and son. Alex is not without fault but he is just one of many whose life has been devastated by opioid addiction," the lawyers' statement continued.

Also on Sept. 15, the sons of a former Murdaugh housekeeper, Gloria Satterfield, filed a lawsuit against Alex Murdaugh, Corey Fleming and others for allegedly swindling them out of receiving settlement money.

Satterfield reportedly died after a falling accident in the Murdaugh family home in February 2018, the lawsuit states.

In the civil lawsuit, Satterfield's surviving sons claimed Alex Murdaugh approached them after she died, proposing the sons sue him so they would get a life insurance settlement on their mother's behalf, the complaint states.

The court papers said that Murdaugh personally introduced them to fellow attorney Corey Fleming with the recommendation that Fleming should represent them "in filing legal claims against Murdaugh for the wrongful death of their mother."

The alleged conspiracy led to a $505,000 settlement, but Satterfield's sons claim they haven't gotten any of that settlement money, which was agreed upon in December 2018, the lawsuit claimed.

SLED then said they were opening the investigation into Satterfield's death at the request of the Hampton County Coroner's Office and due to information gathered during the course of other ongoing investigations involving Alex Murdaugh.

Sept. 16, 2021: Alex Murdaugh surrenders

Murdaugh turned himself in at the Hampton County Detention Center.

Lawyer Alex Murdaugh walks into his bond hearing, Sept. 16, 2021, in Varnville, S.C. Mic Smith/AP

He was arrested in connection to the Sept. 4 shooting incident "in which he conspired with Curtis Edward Smith to assist him in committing suicide for the explicit purpose of allowing a beneficiary to collect life insurance," SLED said in a statement.

The affidavit said Murdaugh provided a statement to SLED on Sept. 13: "Admitting to the scheme … for the purpose of his son collecting a life insurance policy valued at approximately $10 million." A day later, Smith admitted to being present during the Murdaugh shooting and disposing the firearm afterward.

Murdaugh was charged with insurance fraud, conspiracy to commit insurance fraud, along with filing a false police report. The case will be prosecuted by the attorney general's office.

"I can assure you that SLED agents will continue working to bring justice to anyone involved with any criminal act associated with these ongoing investigations," said SLED Chief Mark Keel. "The arrests in this case are only the first step in that process."

Earlier on Sept. 16, Curtis Edward Smith appeared in front of a Hampton County Judge for a bond hearing on charges where he agreed to a public defender and had his bond set at $55,000 for the attempted assisted suicide of Alex Murdaugh.

Sept. 18, 2021: $20,000 bond

In a bond hearing in Hampton County court on Thursday, Sept. 18. Alex Murdaugh was ordered held on a $20,000 personal recognizance bond. Murdaugh will return to rehab, according to his attorney, and will change to an out-of-state rehab facility afterwards. If he leaves the rehab facility, there will be a bench warrant issued for his arrest, Judge Tonja Alexander said.

Oct. 6, 2021: Murdaugh sued by former law firm

Alex Murdaugh's former law firm filed a lawsuit alleging that he funneled stolen money from clients and the law firm into a fake bank account for years.

In response, one of his attorneys called it a "very sad development."

"Alex holds every member of the Peters, Murdaugh, Parker, Eltzroth, Detrick law firm in very high esteem," Griffin said on Twitter. "He has pledged his full cooperation to the firm."

Oct. 14, 2021: Murdaugh arrested, charged in connection to settlement funds from housekeeper's death

Alex Murdaugh was taken into custody upon his release from a Florida rehab facility and charged with two felony counts of obtaining property by false pretenses, SLED announced.

"These charges stem from a SLED investigation into misappropriated settlement funds in the death of Gloria Satterfield," SLED said in a statement.

A bond hearing was scheduled for Oct. 15 in Beaufort County, South Carolina, his lawyers said.

"Alex intends to fully cooperate with this investigation, as he has with the investigation into the murder of his wife and son," his lawyers said in a statement.

Satterfield's family members, who have alleged that Alex Murdaugh stole more than $4 million in insurance settlements for her death, called the development "bittersweet" and a "very good start to holding everyone accountable."

"Avarice and betrayal of trust are at the heart of this matter," the families said in a statement through their lawyers. "Since early September the families are dealing with the betrayal of trust and that their loved one's death was used as a vehicle to enrich others over the clients."

Oct. 15, 2021: Lawyer said Murdaugh had drugs in his system day he was shot

Murdaugh's lawyer Dick Harpootlian said on "Good Morning America" Friday that health records show Murdaugh had drugs in his system when he was shot on Sept. 4.

"Those medical records show he was positive for opiates and barbiturates on the night that he was taken to the Savannah hospital," Harpootlian said. "He has a long-term Oxycontin opiate addiction … that put him in a position where he did those stupid and illegal things."

Dec. 13, 2021: $7 million bond

A judge set Alex Murdaugh's bond at $7 million on nearly 50 financial crimes charges.

June 28, 2022: Indicted for conspiracy

Murdaugh and Smith were indicted by the state's grand jury on two conspiracy counts, including a narcotics count related to Oxycodone.

July 12, 2022: Alex Murdaugh disbarred

The Supreme Court of South Carolina officially disbarred Alex Murdaugh from practicing law in the state based on his "admitted reprehensible misconduct."

July 14, 2022: Alex Murdaugh indicted for murder

A grand jury indicted Alex Murdaugh on two counts of murder for the fatal shootings of his wife and son.

July 20, 2022: Not guilty plea

Alex Murdaugh pleaded not guilty to the murder charges at a bond hearing. Judge Clifton Newman denied bond.

Dec. 16, 2022: Alex Murdaugh indicted on tax evasion

A grand jury indicted Alex Murdaugh on nine counts of tax evasion, alleging he failed to pay nearly $490,000 in state income taxes over nearly a decade. He now faces over 100 criminal charges.

Defendant Alex Murdaugh is cross examined by prosecutor Creighton Waters while testifying during his murder trial at the Colleton County Courthouse in Walterboro, S.C., Feb. 24, 2023. Joshua Boucher/The State via AP, POOL

Jan. 23, 2023: Murder trial begins

The double murder trial of Alex Murdaugh begins with jury selection in the Colleton County Courthouse in Walterboro, South Carolina.

March 2, 2023: Guilty verdict

A jury found Alex Murdaugh guilty of murdering his wife and son after deliberating for nearly three hours.

March 3, 2023: Sentenced to life in prison

Alex Murdaugh was sentenced to life in prison. The life sentences for each murder will run consecutively.

March 10, 2023: Notice of appeal filed

Alex Murdaugh's attorneys filed a notice of appeal for his convictions and sentences in the South Carolina Court of Appeals.

ABC News' Eva Pilgrim, Alexandra Faul, William Gretsky, Janice McDonald, Jen Leong and Mike Repplier contributed to this report.Murdaugh was found guilty in the murder of his wife and younger son.

Alex Murdaugh's attorneys have filed a notice of appeal for the former lawyer's convictions and sentences, a week after he was found guilty of murdering his wife and younger son, court records show.

The notice was filed in the South Carolina Court of Appeals on Thursday.

Alex Murdaugh stands after he was found guilty on all four counts at the Colleton County Courthouse in Walterboro, South Carolina, U.S. March 2, 2023. Usa Today Network/via Reuters

Murdaugh, 54, was sentenced to life in prison after being convicted of murdering Margaret "Maggie" Murdaugh, 52, and Paul Murdaugh, 22, who were found dead from multiple gunshot wounds near the dog kennels at the family's estate in June 2021.

The life sentences for each murder will run consecutively, Judge Clifton Newman said.

Alex Murdaugh is sentenced on the murders of his wife Maggie and his son Paul Murdaugh, Colleton County Courthouse in Walterboro, S.C., on March 3, 2023. ABC News

Murdaugh has maintained his innocence throughout the high-profile trial.

"I’m innocent. I would never hurt my wife, Maggie, and I would never hurt my son, Paw-Paw," he said during his sentencing hearing on Friday.

Jurors returned a verdict after deliberating for nearly three hours.

Lead prosecutor Creighton Waters told ABC News' George Stephanopoulos in an interview on "Good Morning America that cellphone video placing Murdaugh at the scene minutes before the crime "absolutely" made a difference in the guilty verdict.

The video contradicted Murdaugh's claim that he was never at the kennels that day.

During his testimony, Murdaugh admitted to lying to investigators about his alibi on the evening of the shootings and blamed it on his addiction to painkillers, which he said caused "paranoid thinking."

Prosecutors argued that years of lies and theft were about to catch up to Murdaugh and the murders were a way to divert attention.

The trial has documented the downfall of a once-powerful attorney from a family that for generations exuded power over the state's Lowcountry region. In the months following his wife's and son's murders, Murdaugh resigned from his law firm, which sued him for allegedly funneling stolen money from clients and the law firm into a fake bank account for years. He was also disbarred amid money laundering charges.

This is a developing story. Please check back for updates.Murdaugh was found guilty in the murder of his wife and younger son.

Alex Murdaugh's attorneys have filed a notice of appeal for the former lawyer's convictions and sentences, a week after he was found guilty of murdering his wife and younger son, court records show.

The notice was filed in the South Carolina Court of Appeals on Thursday.

Alex Murdaugh stands after he was found guilty on all four counts at the Colleton County Courthouse in Walterboro, South Carolina, U.S. March 2, 2023. Usa Today Network/via Reuters

Murdaugh, 54, was sentenced to life in prison after being convicted of murdering Margaret "Maggie" Murdaugh, 52, and Paul Murdaugh, 22, who were found dead from multiple gunshot wounds near the dog kennels at the family's estate in June 2021.

The life sentences for each murder will run consecutively, Judge Clifton Newman said.

Alex Murdaugh is sentenced on the murders of his wife Maggie and his son Paul Murdaugh, Colleton County Courthouse in Walterboro, S.C., on March 3, 2023. ABC News

Murdaugh has maintained his innocence throughout the high-profile trial.

"I’m innocent. I would never hurt my wife, Maggie, and I would never hurt my son, Paw-Paw," he said during his sentencing hearing on Friday.

Jurors returned a verdict after deliberating for nearly three hours.

Lead prosecutor Creighton Waters told ABC News' George Stephanopoulos in an interview on "Good Morning America that cellphone video placing Murdaugh at the scene minutes before the crime "absolutely" made a difference in the guilty verdict.

The video contradicted Murdaugh's claim that he was never at the kennels that day.

During his testimony, Murdaugh admitted to lying to investigators about his alibi on the evening of the shootings and blamed it on his addiction to painkillers, which he said caused "paranoid thinking."

Prosecutors argued that years of lies and theft were about to catch up to Murdaugh and the murders were a way to divert attention.

The trial has documented the downfall of a once-powerful attorney from a family that for generations exuded power over the state's Lowcountry region. In the months following his wife's and son's murders, Murdaugh resigned from his law firm, which sued him for allegedly funneling stolen money from clients and the law firm into a fake bank account for years. He was also disbarred amid money laundering charges.

This is a developing story. Please check back for updates.The bird did not disembark the cruise ship willingly, officials said.

A member of a threatened owl species couldn't resist the chance to join vacationers aboard a cruise liner, evading capture for weeks.

A "wayward" burrowing owl hitched a ride on the Royal Caribbean International's Symphony of the Seas and remained on board for two weeks, the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conversation Commission said on Facebook.

A burrowing owl was stuck on Royal Caribbean International’s Symphony of the Seas for two weeks. Florida Fish and Wildlife

Throughout its stay, the owl made his presence known to other guests by perching on exit signs, resting on railings and peaking through planters, according to the state wildlife agency.

Biologist Ricardo Zambrano was brought on board after receiving a call from the ship's environmental officer.

During the one-hour window of time between passengers disembarking and new passengers arriving for the next cruise to Mexico, Zambrano placed mist nets around the owl’s perch of choice, according to FWC.

A burrowing owl was stuck on Royal Caribbean International’s Symphony of the Seas for two weeks. Florida Fish and Wildlife

The third attempt of capture was the charm. As the owl sat on a balcony on the 10th floor, crew members standing below made noise to distract it while Zambrano snuck up behind the bird of prey and safely netted it from the railing, the agency said.

"After the amazing rescue, the cute little stowaway was safely assisted with the disembarkation process," the conservation commission wrote. "He had nothing to claim in customs."

The owl seemed to be in good health but was transported to the South Florida Wildlife Center as a precautionary measure.

A burrowing owl was stuck on Royal Caribbean International’s Symphony of the Seas for two weeks. Florida Fish and Wildlife

Burrowing owl populations around the world are decreasing, according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature's Red List of Threatened Species. The owl species is listed as endangered in Canada and threatened in Mexico, according to the Burrowing Owl Conservation Network.

In the U.S., the burrowing owl is listed as endangered in Minnesota, threatened in Colorado and Florida and as a species of concern in Arizona, California, Montana, Oklahoma, Oregon, Utah, Washington and Wyoming, according to the network.The bird did not disembark the cruise ship willingly, officials said.

A member of a threatened owl species couldn't resist the chance to join vacationers aboard a cruise liner, evading capture for weeks.

A "wayward" burrowing owl hitched a ride on the Royal Caribbean International's Symphony of the Seas and remained on board for two weeks, the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conversation Commission said on Facebook.

A burrowing owl was stuck on Royal Caribbean International’s Symphony of the Seas for two weeks. Florida Fish and Wildlife

Throughout its stay, the owl made his presence known to other guests by perching on exit signs, resting on railings and peaking through planters, according to the state wildlife agency.

Biologist Ricardo Zambrano was brought on board after receiving a call from the ship's environmental officer.

During the one-hour window of time between passengers disembarking and new passengers arriving for the next cruise to Mexico, Zambrano placed mist nets around the owl’s perch of choice, according to FWC.

A burrowing owl was stuck on Royal Caribbean International’s Symphony of the Seas for two weeks. Florida Fish and Wildlife

The third attempt of capture was the charm. As the owl sat on a balcony on the 10th floor, crew members standing below made noise to distract it while Zambrano snuck up behind the bird of prey and safely netted it from the railing, the agency said.

"After the amazing rescue, the cute little stowaway was safely assisted with the disembarkation process," the conservation commission wrote. "He had nothing to claim in customs."

The owl seemed to be in good health but was transported to the South Florida Wildlife Center as a precautionary measure.

A burrowing owl was stuck on Royal Caribbean International’s Symphony of the Seas for two weeks. Florida Fish and Wildlife

Burrowing owl populations around the world are decreasing, according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature's Red List of Threatened Species. The owl species is listed as endangered in Canada and threatened in Mexico, according to the Burrowing Owl Conservation Network.

In the U.S., the burrowing owl is listed as endangered in Minnesota, threatened in Colorado and Florida and as a species of concern in Arizona, California, Montana, Oklahoma, Oregon, Utah, Washington and Wyoming, according to the network.Brooklyn man exonerated after over 18 years in prison for 2004 murder Sheldon Thomas was convicted of fatally shooting 14-year-old Anderson Bercy in 2004.Brooklyn man exonerated after over 18 years in prison for 2004 murder Sheldon Thomas was convicted of fatally shooting 14-year-old Anderson Bercy in 2004.Snowstorms over the last few weeks cut off mountain communities.

Thirteen people have died after powerful storms hit Southern California's San Bernardino County and cut off mountain communities. However, only one of those deaths, which was caused by a traffic accident, is so far being considered weather-related, according to the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department.

"The preliminary information in the other deaths does not indicate they are weather-related, but those investigations are ongoing," the sheriff's department said.

A series of snowstorms brought unprecedented snow to California from late February into early March. San Bernardino County declared a local emergency on Feb. 27 "after residents of mountain communities found themselves trapped at home or unable to reach home due to several feet of snow that fell over the weekend," officials said at the time.

Spray paint indicates where a car is buried in a snowbank after a series of winter storms dropped more than 100 inches of snow in the San Bernardino Mountains in Southern California on March 8, 2023 in Crestline, Calif. Mario Tama/Getty Images

The sheriff's department provided more details Thursday about some of the victims.

Four of the victims were either in hospice or died in the hospital, while the remaining eight deaths are under investigation.

"Many of the deceased had significant medical histories or chronic conditions," the office said in a statement.

One of the victims was a 39-year-old woman who was struck by a vehicle in Fawnskin on Feb. 26, according to the sheriff's office. Two days later, a 65-year-old woman was found dead in her home in Wrightwood, the sheriff's office said.

On March 2, a 77-year-old woman was found dead in her Crestline home by her landlord, the sheriff's office said. A day later, a 77-year-old man was found dead in his home in the Valley of Enchantment during a welfare check requested by his family, according to the sheriff's office.

A 33-year-old man was also found dead on March 3 inside his Arrowbear home, the sheriff's office said. A 62-year-old man was found dead in his Big Bear City home the same day, according to the sheriff's office.

On March 6, a 42-year-old woman was found dead in her Big Bear Lake home following a welfare check, and a 96-year-old woman was found dead by a neighbor in her Crestline home, the sheriff's office said.

Residents shovel snow from in front of a church after a series of winter storms dropped more than 100 inches of snow in the San Bernardino Mountains in Southern California, March 8, 2023, in Twin Peaks, Calif. Mario Tama/Getty Images

On March 8, a 68-year-old man was found dead in his Crestline home, according to the sheriff's office.

On Feb. 23, the National Weather Service issued a blizzard warning for the San Bernardino Mountains, the first in more than three decades. The weather service initially forecast a snowfall of about 5 feet at elevations as low as 5,000 feet.

Food is distributed out of a parking lot after a series of storms, March 8, 2023, in Crestline, Calif. Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP

Crews have removed more than 7.2 million cubic yards of snow from highways in San Bernardino County, which equals nearly 2,270 Olympic-size swimming pools, according to the governor's office.

"We continue to support our allied agencies who made great progress overnight on utility restoration. Last night deputies responded to several well checks; residents were safe, supplied, & declined evacuation. Deputies continue responding to calls & assisting residents," the sheriff's department said Wednesday.

Residents have told horror stories about being stuck, and snowed in at homes with no way in or out.

Christine Foster, who lives in the San Bernardino Mountains, told ABC News on Monday that she and her 76-year-old father have been hunkered down, unable to get out of their home for 14 days with food running low.

"You can't even shovel the stuff. It's just rock-hard ice. Shovels just easily break," Foster said in a telephone interview from her home in Lake Arrowhead.

Members of the California Army National Guard shovel snow from a rooftop after a series of winter storms dropped more than 100 inches of snow in the San Bernardino Mountains in Southern California, March 8, 2023, in Crestline, Calif. Mario Tama/Getty Images

The storm left about 600 elementary and middle school students from Orange County's Irvine Unified School District stranded for a weekend, after they were unable to return from a school trip.

More rain and snow are headed toward California Thursday and Friday when a major storm hits the state. An atmospheric river will slam the San Francisco area with heavy rain and dump another 5 feet of snow in the Sierra Nevada Mountains.Snowstorms over the last few weeks cut off mountain communities.

Thirteen people have died after powerful storms hit Southern California's San Bernardino County and cut off mountain communities. However, only one of those deaths, which was caused by a traffic accident, is so far being considered weather-related, according to the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department.

"The preliminary information in the other deaths does not indicate they are weather-related, but those investigations are ongoing," the sheriff's department said.

A series of snowstorms brought unprecedented snow to California from late February into early March. San Bernardino County declared a local emergency on Feb. 27 "after residents of mountain communities found themselves trapped at home or unable to reach home due to several feet of snow that fell over the weekend," officials said at the time.

Spray paint indicates where a car is buried in a snowbank after a series of winter storms dropped more than 100 inches of snow in the San Bernardino Mountains in Southern California on March 8, 2023 in Crestline, Calif. Mario Tama/Getty Images

The sheriff's department provided more details Thursday about some of the victims.

Four of the victims were either in hospice or died in the hospital, while the remaining eight deaths are under investigation.

"Many of the deceased had significant medical histories or chronic conditions," the office said in a statement.

One of the victims was a 39-year-old woman who was struck by a vehicle in Fawnskin on Feb. 26, according to the sheriff's office. Two days later, a 65-year-old woman was found dead in her home in Wrightwood, the sheriff's office said.

On March 2, a 77-year-old woman was found dead in her Crestline home by her landlord, the sheriff's office said. A day later, a 77-year-old man was found dead in his home in the Valley of Enchantment during a welfare check requested by his family, according to the sheriff's office.

A 33-year-old man was also found dead on March 3 inside his Arrowbear home, the sheriff's office said. A 62-year-old man was found dead in his Big Bear City home the same day, according to the sheriff's office.

On March 6, a 42-year-old woman was found dead in her Big Bear Lake home following a welfare check, and a 96-year-old woman was found dead by a neighbor in her Crestline home, the sheriff's office said.

Residents shovel snow from in front of a church after a series of winter storms dropped more than 100 inches of snow in the San Bernardino Mountains in Southern California, March 8, 2023, in Twin Peaks, Calif. Mario Tama/Getty Images

On March 8, a 68-year-old man was found dead in his Crestline home, according to the sheriff's office.

On Feb. 23, the National Weather Service issued a blizzard warning for the San Bernardino Mountains, the first in more than three decades. The weather service initially forecast a snowfall of about 5 feet at elevations as low as 5,000 feet.

Food is distributed out of a parking lot after a series of storms, March 8, 2023, in Crestline, Calif. Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP

Crews have removed more than 7.2 million cubic yards of snow from highways in San Bernardino County, which equals nearly 2,270 Olympic-size swimming pools, according to the governor's office.

"We continue to support our allied agencies who made great progress overnight on utility restoration. Last night deputies responded to several well checks; residents were safe, supplied, & declined evacuation. Deputies continue responding to calls & assisting residents," the sheriff's department said Wednesday.

Residents have told horror stories about being stuck, and snowed in at homes with no way in or out.

Christine Foster, who lives in the San Bernardino Mountains, told ABC News on Monday that she and her 76-year-old father have been hunkered down, unable to get out of their home for 14 days with food running low.

"You can't even shovel the stuff. It's just rock-hard ice. Shovels just easily break," Foster said in a telephone interview from her home in Lake Arrowhead.

Members of the California Army National Guard shovel snow from a rooftop after a series of winter storms dropped more than 100 inches of snow in the San Bernardino Mountains in Southern California, March 8, 2023, in Crestline, Calif. Mario Tama/Getty Images

The storm left about 600 elementary and middle school students from Orange County's Irvine Unified School District stranded for a weekend, after they were unable to return from a school trip.

More rain and snow are headed toward California Thursday and Friday when a major storm hits the state. An atmospheric river will slam the San Francisco area with heavy rain and dump another 5 feet of snow in the Sierra Nevada Mountains.Senate grills Norfolk Southern CEO on toxic train derailment ABC News’ Jay O’Brien reports on Capitol Hill testimony from Norfolk Southern’s CEO following multiple train derailments and provides updates on Sen. Mitch McConnell's health.Senate grills Norfolk Southern CEO on toxic train derailment ABC News’ Jay O’Brien reports on Capitol Hill testimony from Norfolk Southern’s CEO following multiple train derailments and provides updates on Sen. Mitch McConnell's health.Biden speaks after unveiling new budget plan ABC News’ Elizabeth Schulze breaks down remarks from President Joe Biden’s new budget plan, which includes increasing the child tax credit, ensuring solvency of Medicare and much more.Biden speaks after unveiling new budget plan ABC News’ Elizabeth Schulze breaks down remarks from President Joe Biden’s new budget plan, which includes increasing the child tax credit, ensuring solvency of Medicare and much more.ABC News Live: Biden touts record after unveiling budget plan Plus, the latest on the kidnapping of four Americans in Mexico, and Norfolk Southern’s CEO is grilled on Capitol Hill.ABC News Live: Biden touts record after unveiling budget plan Plus, the latest on the kidnapping of four Americans in Mexico, and Norfolk Southern’s CEO is grilled on Capitol Hill.He was arrested after a witness chose the photo of a man with the same name.

A deceptive photo lineup helped imprison a man for over 18 years for a fatal shooting he did not commit, according to the Brooklyn district attorney.

On Thursday, he walked free after a judge vacated the conviction and dismissed the indictment.

Sheldon Thomas, 35, was convicted of a 2004 murder in Brooklyn's East Flatbush neighborhood. He was arrested based on a witness identification of a different person with the same name who lived in the same precinct -- a mistake that was first concealed and then explained away during the proceedings, prosecutors said.

A reinvestigation concluded detectives knew they were different people but were intent on arresting the defendant and used the faulty identification procedure as pretext, prosecutors said.

During a hearing on Thursday, the judge's decision to vacate the conviction drew a smattering of applause in the small courtroom.

"Thank you, your honor, for allowing this to happen," Thomas said. "I've waited a long time."

Thomas said he forgives the NYPD detective, witnesses and others involved in his prosecution and incarceration for the murder of 14-year-old Anderson Bercy, whose true killer remains unknown.

"All this time they really had the wrong person," Thomas said. "The real people are still out there."

Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez speaks during Martin Luther King Jr. Day at National Action Network House of Justice Headquarters, New York, Jan. 16, 2023. Lev Radin/Pacific Press/LightRocket via Getty Images

Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez, whose Conviction Review Unit reexamined the case, said he apologized to Thomas when the two met in court.

"This is the first time in 25 years I've seen an erroneous photo identification used as the basis for an arrest that actually went to trial," Gonzalez said.

A prosecutor, Charles Linehan, said a re-investigation of the case came to the "inescapable conclusion" that Thomas' conviction could not stand because he was arrested based on a photograph of a different Sheldon Thomas.

Three alleged gang members, including Thomas, were charged with killing Bercy, and wounding another person on Dec. 24, 2004, in East Flatbush. Two guns were used and the shooters were inside a white car. A witness initially identified two men she knew, who did not include Thomas, as being in the car.

According to the district attorney's Conviction Review Unit, detectives obtained a photo of another Sheldon Thomas from a police database and showed an array with that photo to the witness, who identified him as being in the car with 90% certainty. Based on her identification, the detectives went to the defendant's address -- not to the address of the Sheldon Thomas whose photo the witness had identified -- and arrested him.

The defendant denied any involvement in the homicide, but the same witness who identified the other Thomas in the array also identified defendant Thomas in a lineup -- effectively identifying two different people as the perpetrator, prosecutors said. Thomas was then indicted along with the two others.

Police showed the photo of Sheldon Thomas, left, to a witness to identify, then arrested a different Sheldon Thomas, right, in a 2004 murder case, prosecutors said. Brooklyn District Attorney's Office

It wasn't until a pretrial hearing in June 2006 that the array identification of the wrong Thomas came to light. Detective Robert Reedy admitted he falsely testified and the defendant was actually not in the array. Reedy was later disciplined following an investigation by the NYPD Internal Affairs Bureau.

Another detective conceded that, when questioned a few days after the murder, the defendant had told them that it wasn't him in the photo array.

At the time, when police told Thomas he had been picked out of a photo array, he told Reedy "that's not me," Linehan said in court. The detective went ahead with the arrest anyway because his "gut told him he had the right person," Linehan said.

When comparing the photographs of the two men with the same name, Linehan said the "defendant did not look like the other Sheldon Thomas."

Despite these revelations, the judge found that there was probable cause to arrest Thomas based on "verified information from unknown callers" and the fact that he resembled the other Thomas from the photo array. The defendant was convicted of second-degree murder, attempted murder and related counts and was sentenced to 25 years to life in prison.

The Conviction Review Unit recommended vacating the conviction as "the errors undermined the integrity of the entire judicial process and defendant's resulting conviction." Because the evidence was and is defective, the case cannot be retried, and the unit recommended dismissing the underlying indictment.

Thomas arrived at Brooklyn criminal court in handcuffs; he left in the arms of his grandmother. He opted not to speak to reporters upon leaving court but mentioned he wanted his first meal home to be oxtails.He was arrested after a witness chose the photo of a man with the same name.

A deceptive photo lineup helped imprison a man for over 18 years for a fatal shooting he did not commit, according to the Brooklyn district attorney.

On Thursday, he walked free after a judge vacated the conviction and dismissed the indictment.

Sheldon Thomas, 35, was convicted of a 2004 murder in Brooklyn's East Flatbush neighborhood. He was arrested based on a witness identification of a different person with the same name who lived in the same precinct -- a mistake that was first concealed and then explained away during the proceedings, prosecutors said.

A reinvestigation concluded detectives knew they were different people but were intent on arresting the defendant and used the faulty identification procedure as pretext, prosecutors said.

During a hearing on Thursday, the judge's decision to vacate the conviction drew a smattering of applause in the small courtroom.

"Thank you, your honor, for allowing this to happen," Thomas said. "I've waited a long time."

Thomas said he forgives the NYPD detective, witnesses and others involved in his prosecution and incarceration for the murder of 14-year-old Anderson Bercy, whose true killer remains unknown.

"All this time they really had the wrong person," Thomas said. "The real people are still out there."

Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez speaks during Martin Luther King Jr. Day at National Action Network House of Justice Headquarters, New York, Jan. 16, 2023. Lev Radin/Pacific Press/LightRocket via Getty Images

Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez, whose Conviction Review Unit reexamined the case, said he apologized to Thomas when the two met in court.

"This is the first time in 25 years I've seen an erroneous photo identification used as the basis for an arrest that actually went to trial," Gonzalez said.

A prosecutor, Charles Linehan, said a re-investigation of the case came to the "inescapable conclusion" that Thomas' conviction could not stand because he was arrested based on a photograph of a different Sheldon Thomas.

Three alleged gang members, including Thomas, were charged with killing Bercy, and wounding another person on Dec. 24, 2004, in East Flatbush. Two guns were used and the shooters were inside a white car. A witness initially identified two men she knew, who did not include Thomas, as being in the car.

According to the district attorney's Conviction Review Unit, detectives obtained a photo of another Sheldon Thomas from a police database and showed an array with that photo to the witness, who identified him as being in the car with 90% certainty. Based on her identification, the detectives went to the defendant's address -- not to the address of the Sheldon Thomas whose photo the witness had identified -- and arrested him.

The defendant denied any involvement in the homicide, but the same witness who identified the other Thomas in the array also identified defendant Thomas in a lineup -- effectively identifying two different people as the perpetrator, prosecutors said. Thomas was then indicted along with the two others.

Police showed the photo of Sheldon Thomas, left, to a witness to identify, then arrested a different Sheldon Thomas, right, in a 2004 murder case, prosecutors said. Brooklyn District Attorney's Office

It wasn't until a pretrial hearing in June 2006 that the array identification of the wrong Thomas came to light. Detective Robert Reedy admitted he falsely testified and the defendant was actually not in the array. Reedy was later disciplined following an investigation by the NYPD Internal Affairs Bureau.

Another detective conceded that, when questioned a few days after the murder, the defendant had told them that it wasn't him in the photo array.

At the time, when police told Thomas he had been picked out of a photo array, he told Reedy "that's not me," Linehan said in court. The detective went ahead with the arrest anyway because his "gut told him he had the right person," Linehan said.

When comparing the photographs of the two men with the same name, Linehan said the "defendant did not look like the other Sheldon Thomas."

Despite these revelations, the judge found that there was probable cause to arrest Thomas based on "verified information from unknown callers" and the fact that he resembled the other Thomas from the photo array. The defendant was convicted of second-degree murder, attempted murder and related counts and was sentenced to 25 years to life in prison.

The Conviction Review Unit recommended vacating the conviction as "the errors undermined the integrity of the entire judicial process and defendant's resulting conviction." Because the evidence was and is defective, the case cannot be retried, and the unit recommended dismissing the underlying indictment.

Thomas arrived at Brooklyn criminal court in handcuffs; he left in the arms of his grandmother. He opted not to speak to reporters upon leaving court but mentioned he wanted his first meal home to be oxtails.FBI increases rewards in sabotage of NC power plants At least 45,000 Duke Energy customers lost electricity in the December attacks in Moore County, North Carolina.FBI increases rewards in sabotage of NC power plants At least 45,000 Duke Energy customers lost electricity in the December attacks in Moore County, North Carolina.There was a 38% increase from 2021 to 2022, the organization finds.

White supremacist propaganda, including the mass distribution of flyers containing hateful language and images, projections on buildings and in-person gatherings, reached a record high in the United States in 2022, according to the Anti-Defamation League (ADL).

The organization’s yearly assessment of propaganda activity found 6,751 incidents in 2022, the highest number since the ADL began tracking such incidents in 2017. This total includes racist, antisemitic or anti-LGBTQ content and efforts.

The count represented a 38% increase over the previous year, according to the ADL.

According to Carla Hill, Director of Investigative Research with ADL Center on Extremism, said the rise represents a commitment to recruitment and membership within hate groups.

"They've clearly bought into the idea that the more attention they get by distributing propaganda, the more people that will embrace their position," she said, asserting that propaganda normalizes hate speech and messaging.

The organization found that propaganda was reported in every state except Hawaii, with the highest levels of activity found in Texas, followed by Massachusetts, Virginia, Michigan, Pennsylvania, California, Utah, Florida, Connecticut and Georgia.

“There’s no question that white supremacists and antisemites are trying to terrorize and harass Americans and have significantly stepped up their use of propaganda as a tactic to make their presence known in communities nationwide,” said Jonathan Greenblatt, ADL CEO, in a statement. “This is a cowardly attempt to intimidate marginalized communities and those who don’t align with their twisted worldview and draw in new recruits."

People march during the 49th annual March for Life along Constitution Ave., Jan. 21, 2022 in Washington, D.C. Kent Nishimura/Los Angeles Times via Getty Images, FILE

White supremacist groups increasingly used banners, often draped over highway overpasses, to publicize their hate-filled messages.

ADL tracked at least 252 banner drops and 167 in-person white supremacist events, a 38% and 55% increase, respectively, from 2021. The distribution of white supremacist propaganda on school campuses saw a 6% decrease, totaling the lowest number since ADL began tracking it in 2017.

“The sheer volume of white supremacist propaganda distributions we are documenting around the country is alarming and dangerous,” said Oren Segal, Vice President of the ADL Center on Extremism.

Segal continued, “We need a whole-of-society approach to combat this activity, including elected officials, community leaders and people of good faith coming together and condemning this activity forcefully.”There was a 38% increase from 2021 to 2022, the organization finds.

White supremacist propaganda, including the mass distribution of flyers containing hateful language and images, projections on buildings and in-person gatherings, reached a record high in the United States in 2022, according to the Anti-Defamation League (ADL).

The organization’s yearly assessment of propaganda activity found 6,751 incidents in 2022, the highest number since the ADL began tracking such incidents in 2017. This total includes racist, antisemitic or anti-LGBTQ content and efforts.

The count represented a 38% increase over the previous year, according to the ADL.

According to Carla Hill, Director of Investigative Research with ADL Center on Extremism, said the rise represents a commitment to recruitment and membership within hate groups.

"They've clearly bought into the idea that the more attention they get by distributing propaganda, the more people that will embrace their position," she said, asserting that propaganda normalizes hate speech and messaging.

The organization found that propaganda was reported in every state except Hawaii, with the highest levels of activity found in Texas, followed by Massachusetts, Virginia, Michigan, Pennsylvania, California, Utah, Florida, Connecticut and Georgia.

“There’s no question that white supremacists and antisemites are trying to terrorize and harass Americans and have significantly stepped up their use of propaganda as a tactic to make their presence known in communities nationwide,” said Jonathan Greenblatt, ADL CEO, in a statement. “This is a cowardly attempt to intimidate marginalized communities and those who don’t align with their twisted worldview and draw in new recruits."

People march during the 49th annual March for Life along Constitution Ave., Jan. 21, 2022 in Washington, D.C. Kent Nishimura/Los Angeles Times via Getty Images, FILE

White supremacist groups increasingly used banners, often draped over highway overpasses, to publicize their hate-filled messages.

ADL tracked at least 252 banner drops and 167 in-person white supremacist events, a 38% and 55% increase, respectively, from 2021. The distribution of white supremacist propaganda on school campuses saw a 6% decrease, totaling the lowest number since ADL began tracking it in 2017.

“The sheer volume of white supremacist propaganda distributions we are documenting around the country is alarming and dangerous,” said Oren Segal, Vice President of the ADL Center on Extremism.

Segal continued, “We need a whole-of-society approach to combat this activity, including elected officials, community leaders and people of good faith coming together and condemning this activity forcefully.”A new monument honoring Underground Railroad conductor Harriet Tubman was unveiled Thursday in downtown Newark, New Jersey.

"Shadow of a Face" sits in the town's newly created Arts and Education District, replacing a statue of Christopher Columbus.

Newark Mayor Ras Baraka told ABC News that amid citizens across the nation removing statues of historical figures during nationwide racial protests, their city "got ahead of it," and removed Columbus' statue in the summer of 2020.

"Shadow of a Face" sits in the town's newly created Arts and Education District, replacing a statue of Christopher Columbus. Audible

"We also wanted to make sure that we put something up because it wasn't just about removing things, it was also about representing the wholeness and fullness of history," Baraka said. "And so, we wanted to do that in Newark, and be one of the first folks to put something up in place of statues that were taken down."

The multi-sensory exhibit offers viewers a new take on historic monuments, with a partnership with Audible providing an auditory experience, in addition to visual and touch.

The center of the piece features an abstract interpretation of Tubman around 25 feet tall and totes a learning wall, featuring educational text that will couple with narrations from citizens of Newark, including Newark native and Grammy-award-winning artist Queen Latifah.

"I learned so much during the creation of this project, and we hope this monument brings Harriet Tubman's resistance and integrity to people everywhere who really need to hear it. We want people to know, to feel, to understand what was at stake and how incredibly brave Harriet Tubman was," Latifah said during the press event.

The city issued a nationwide call for artists to apply to produce the piece, and Nina Cooke John was one of five finalists city officials and members chosen.

Queen Latifah speaks at the unveiling of Newark's Harriet Tubman monument in Newark, New Jersey, March 9, 2023. WABC

Cooke John, 50, prides herself in abstract expression regarding her architecture and public art piece. She told ABC News that this piece is special to her in addition to being her first permanent public art piece.

"I drew inspiration from Harriet Tubman herself. Really thinking about how to represent this complex woman," Cooke John said. "So just as a humanitarian all around, she was a really amazing woman. So how do I kind of put her up on a pedestal, but really allow us to connect with her one-to-one as a woman."

Arts and Cultural affairs director at the City of Newark fayemi shakur spearheaded the project for the town, sharing the importance it has to the city specifically.

"People should be able to see themselves in the art around them. And most of our monuments, you know, are of white men or of times of war, very few women figures, very few Black people, people of color, and so this was an opportune time for us to think, really intentional about how we could reimagine public art," shakur said.

Michele John Gavin, the great-great-great-grandniece of Harriet Tubman, speaks at the unveiling of Newark's Harriet Tubman monument, March 9, 2023, in Newark, New Jersey. WABC

Newark was the location of stops and safe houses on the Underground Railroad, and there is a town legend, according to city administrators, Tubman led runaway slaves to Newark's First Presbyterian Church – which still stands in downtown Newark today.

The creation of the project took over two years, and was funded by the city, Audible and the Mellon Foundation's Monument Project, a 2020 initiative focusing on creating monuments throughout the nation of those "who have often been denied historical recognition."

"With the unveiling of the Harriet Tubman monument this morning, we tell a more complete account of history, and we at Audible are extremely honored to play a small role in that," Bob Carrigan, CEO of Audible, said at the event.

Sen. Cory Booker, former Newark mayor, also shared his excitement and thanks for the project during Thursday's event by sending a video.

"This monument will spark an appreciation for a woman who was defined as courage, and a humble, powerful radicalism based in the fundamental ideals of love. It should inspire all of us to action, it should inspire all of us to love our country, not through what we say or the symbols, but through what we do," he said.

Audible founder Don Katz and distant niece of the Underground Railroad trailblazer Michele John Gavin were also in attendance.

"Let's forever remember Harriet Tubman for her compassion, courage, bravery, service to others, her patriotism, and her commitment to faith, family, fortitude and freedom," she said during the event.

The unveiling comes just one day before Harriet Tubman Day on March 10.

"This commission has meant a lot to me as an artist, as an architect, as a woman, and as a mother of Black girls," John said. "It means a lot to me not only because it provided me with the opportunity to create art in public space, telling the multi-layered story of a powerhouse of a woman."A new monument honoring Underground Railroad conductor Harriet Tubman was unveiled Thursday in downtown Newark, New Jersey.

"Shadow of a Face" sits in the town's newly created Arts and Education District, replacing a statue of Christopher Columbus.

Newark Mayor Ras Baraka told ABC News that amid citizens across the nation removing statues of historical figures during nationwide racial protests, their city "got ahead of it," and removed Columbus' statue in the summer of 2020.

"Shadow of a Face" sits in the town's newly created Arts and Education District, replacing a statue of Christopher Columbus. Audible

"We also wanted to make sure that we put something up because it wasn't just about removing things, it was also about representing the wholeness and fullness of history," Baraka said. "And so, we wanted to do that in Newark, and be one of the first folks to put something up in place of statues that were taken down."

The multi-sensory exhibit offers viewers a new take on historic monuments, with a partnership with Audible providing an auditory experience, in addition to visual and touch.

The center of the piece features an abstract interpretation of Tubman around 25 feet tall and totes a learning wall, featuring educational text that will couple with narrations from citizens of Newark, including Newark native and Grammy-award-winning artist Queen Latifah.

"I learned so much during the creation of this project, and we hope this monument brings Harriet Tubman's resistance and integrity to people everywhere who really need to hear it. We want people to know, to feel, to understand what was at stake and how incredibly brave Harriet Tubman was," Latifah said during the press event.

The city issued a nationwide call for artists to apply to produce the piece, and Nina Cooke John was one of five finalists city officials and members chosen.

Queen Latifah speaks at the unveiling of Newark's Harriet Tubman monument in Newark, New Jersey, March 9, 2023. WABC

Cooke John, 50, prides herself in abstract expression regarding her architecture and public art piece. She told ABC News that this piece is special to her in addition to being her first permanent public art piece.

"I drew inspiration from Harriet Tubman herself. Really thinking about how to represent this complex woman," Cooke John said. "So just as a humanitarian all around, she was a really amazing woman. So how do I kind of put her up on a pedestal, but really allow us to connect with her one-to-one as a woman."

Arts and Cultural affairs director at the City of Newark fayemi shakur spearheaded the project for the town, sharing the importance it has to the city specifically.

"People should be able to see themselves in the art around them. And most of our monuments, you know, are of white men or of times of war, very few women figures, very few Black people, people of color, and so this was an opportune time for us to think, really intentional about how we could reimagine public art," shakur said.

Michele John Gavin, the great-great-great-grandniece of Harriet Tubman, speaks at the unveiling of Newark's Harriet Tubman monument, March 9, 2023, in Newark, New Jersey. WABC

Newark was the location of stops and safe houses on the Underground Railroad, and there is a town legend, according to city administrators, Tubman led runaway slaves to Newark's First Presbyterian Church – which still stands in downtown Newark today.

The creation of the project took over two years, and was funded by the city, Audible and the Mellon Foundation's Monument Project, a 2020 initiative focusing on creating monuments throughout the nation of those "who have often been denied historical recognition."

"With the unveiling of the Harriet Tubman monument this morning, we tell a more complete account of history, and we at Audible are extremely honored to play a small role in that," Bob Carrigan, CEO of Audible, said at the event.

Sen. Cory Booker, former Newark mayor, also shared his excitement and thanks for the project during Thursday's event by sending a video.

"This monument will spark an appreciation for a woman who was defined as courage, and a humble, powerful radicalism based in the fundamental ideals of love. It should inspire all of us to action, it should inspire all of us to love our country, not through what we say or the symbols, but through what we do," he said.

Audible founder Don Katz and distant niece of the Underground Railroad trailblazer Michele John Gavin were also in attendance.

"Let's forever remember Harriet Tubman for her compassion, courage, bravery, service to others, her patriotism, and her commitment to faith, family, fortitude and freedom," she said during the event.

The unveiling comes just one day before Harriet Tubman Day on March 10.

"This commission has meant a lot to me as an artist, as an architect, as a woman, and as a mother of Black girls," John said. "It means a lot to me not only because it provided me with the opportunity to create art in public space, telling the multi-layered story of a powerhouse of a woman."Galveston Hurricane Men use ropes to pull away the debris of houses in order to look for bodies, after the Galveston Hurricane of 1900. The Category 4 storm with winds in excess of 130mph and a storm surge of over 15 feet, was the deadliest in U.S. History, killing at least 8,000. Library of Congress/Corbis/VCG via Getty Images

Hurricane Audrey Homes in Cameron, Louisiana, lie in ruins in the wake of Hurricane Audrey, July 1, 1957. As far at 25 miles inland were inundated with storm surge of 8 to 12 feet, and leaving 390 dead. Beaumont Enterprise/AP Photo

Hurricane Betsy U.S. Highway 90 at Biloxi went under several feet of water as powerful Hurricane Betsy slammed into the mainland, Sept. 10, 1965. At left in the background, a National Guard truck makes its way through the water. The Industrial Canal was breeched, causing $1.2 billion in damage. Congress ordered the Army Corps of Engineers to build a flood-protection system for New Orleans, which later collapsed during Hurricane Katrina. AP

Hurricane Camille Father William Pittman, left, conducts an outdoor Mass outside the ruins of St. Thomas Catholic Church at Long Beach, Mississippi, Aug. 24, 1969, just one week after Hurricane Camille took a heavy toll on the Mississippi Gulf Coast. Estimates of wind speed were 200 mph, but actual maximum sustained winds are unavailable because all the wind-recording instruments were destroyed during the storm. Storm tides reached 24.6 feet and up to 31 inches of rain was recorded. The combined forces of wind, tide and flooding caused 256 deaths. Jack Thornell/AP Photo

Hurricane Agnes Pennsylvania Gov. Milton Shapp, front right, in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, surveys the damage. He and his wife Muriel evacuated earlier from the governor's mansion after Hurricane Agnes flooded the area, June 23, 1972. The storm made landfall in Florida, weakened and then returned to New York, to cause more damage with heavy rain causing 122 deaths and $2.1 billion in damage. Patriot News/AP

Hurricane Hugo Kitty Hicks salvages a few items from her home in Hemby Bridge, Nort Carolina, Sept. 29, 1989. The house was destroyed by a tree during Hurricane Hugo. The Category 4 hurricane made landfall just north of Charleston, S.C., with winds of 120 mph, causing $7 billion in damage. Davie Hinshaw/Charlotte Observer/AP

Hurricane Andrew Homes were reduced to piles of rubble following Hurricane Andrew in 1992. Wind-recording instruments were destroyed in the peak areas, and others recorded gust of up to 177 mph, making it one of the most intense and destructive hurricanes on record. It also produced a killer tornado in southeastern Louisiana. Damage done was estimated at $26.5 billion with 23 lives lost. Steve Starr/Corbis, via Getty Images

Hurricane Floyd Charles Summers, resident of Oak Island in the coast of North Carolina near Wilmington, walks next to a house that was destroyed by strong winds and the rising surf produced when Hurricane Floyd touched down a few miles north in the early hours of Sept. 16, 1999. Floyd produced as much as 19 inches of rain, coming just two weeks after another tropical storm had saturated the land. Severe flooding caused 50 deaths and $3 billion to $6 billion in damages. Roberto Schmidt/AFP/Getty Images

Hurricane Frances The surf pounds a mobile home park sitting on the Indian River at Jensen Beach, Florida, as Hurricane Frances moves through the area, Sept. 4, 2004. Though only a Category 2 storm when it made landfall near Stuart, Florida, Frances produced heavy rainfall, storm surge and flooding and spawned an outbreak of over 100 tornadoes, with estimated damage at $8.9 billion. J. Albert Diaz/Miami Herald, via AP

Hurricane Frances An aerial view of wrecked homes in Punta Gorda, Florida, after Hurricane Francesbattered the town with 145 mph winds, Aug. 13, 2004. What started as a tropical wave, grew into a hurricane with strengthened into a Category 4 before striking the coast of southwest Florida, moving out to the Atlantic and then hitting South Carolina twice. Violent winds devastated Punta Gorda and neighboring Port Charlotte causing $15 billion in damage. John Roca/NY Daily News Archive via Getty Images

Hurricane Katrina Water spills over a levee along the Inner Harbor Navigational Canal in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, Aug. 30, 2005 in New Orleans. Storm surge flooding of 25 to 28 feet above normal in Mississippi and 10 to 20 feet in Louisiana breached the levees and inundated New Orleans, causing 1,200 deaths and catastrophic damage of over $75 billion. Vincent Laforet-Pool/AFP/Getty Images

Hurricane Katrina Evelyn Turner cries alongside the body of her longtime companion, Xavier Bowie, after he died in New Orleans, Aug. 30, 2005. Bowie and Turner had decided to ride out Hurricane Katrina when they could not find a way to leave the city. Eric Gay/AP

Hurricane Ike A road collapsed following Hurricane Ike, Sept. 15, 2008, in Galveston, Texas. The storm produced tropical-storm-force winds extending 275 miles and made landfall as a Category 2 hurricane in Texas and then continued to wreak havoc all the way to Canada. In Texas, Louisiana and Arkansas, 20 people died and 34 were declared missing. In Ohio, the storm was directly or indirectly responsible for another 28 deaths. Scott Olson/Getty Images

Hurricane Sandy Homes in the Rockaway neighborhood were damaged during Hurricane Sandy, Oct. 31, 2012, in the Queens borough of New York. The tropical cyclone merged with another system creating an extra-tropical cyclone, thus dubbed "Superstorm Sandy" with intense winds stretching over 900 miles, creating a wave of 32.5 feet in New York Harbor. The storm was responsible for 72 deaths and $65 billion in damage. Spencer Platt/Getty Images

Hurricane Sandy A roller coaster sits in the Atlantic Ocean after the Fun Town pier it sat on was destroyed by Superstorm Sandy, Nov. 1, 2012, in Seaside Heights, New Jersey. Mark Wilson/Getty Images

Hurricane Irene Branches litter an alley as a result of Hurricane Irene, Aug. 28, 2011, in Virginia Beach, Virginia. The Category 1 hurricane struck the Outer Banks in North Carolina first, weakened, struck New Jersey and then Brooklyn in New York City, before its final strike in Vermont. Widespread destruction of $15.6 billion and at least 56 deaths were left in its wake. Brendan Hoffman/Getty Images

Hurricane Harvey Rescue boats fill a flooded street as people are evacuated from rising water after Hurricane Harvey, Aug. 28, 2017, in Houston. Making landfall in Texas on Aug. 25, Harvey was the first major hurricane to hit the continental U.S. since 2005. While it was downgraded to a Tropical Storm within hours, it brought over 51-inches of rain, estimated at more than 20 trillion gallons of water, across Texas and Louisiana. It was the biggest rainfall total from a single storm to hit the continental U.S. Texas officials said that more than 185,000 homes were damaged or destroyed. David J. Phillip/AP

Hurricane Irma Floodwaters from Hurricane Irma recede, Sept. 13, 2017, in Middleburg, Fla. A Category 4 hurricane, Irma became the first hurricane to make touch land in Florida since 2004. Due to the amount of damage caused, more than 585 shelters were opened throughout Florida with a total population of more than 200,000 people. The storm was responsible for at least 17 deaths in Florida, Georgia and South Carolina. Sean Rayford/Getty ImagesGalveston Hurricane Men use ropes to pull away the debris of houses in order to look for bodies, after the Galveston Hurricane of 1900. The Category 4 storm with winds in excess of 130mph and a storm surge of over 15 feet, was the deadliest in U.S. History, killing at least 8,000. Library of Congress/Corbis/VCG via Getty Images

Hurricane Audrey Homes in Cameron, Louisiana, lie in ruins in the wake of Hurricane Audrey, July 1, 1957. As far at 25 miles inland were inundated with storm surge of 8 to 12 feet, and leaving 390 dead. Beaumont Enterprise/AP Photo

Hurricane Betsy U.S. Highway 90 at Biloxi went under several feet of water as powerful Hurricane Betsy slammed into the mainland, Sept. 10, 1965. At left in the background, a National Guard truck makes its way through the water. The Industrial Canal was breeched, causing $1.2 billion in damage. Congress ordered the Army Corps of Engineers to build a flood-protection system for New Orleans, which later collapsed during Hurricane Katrina. AP

Hurricane Camille Father William Pittman, left, conducts an outdoor Mass outside the ruins of St. Thomas Catholic Church at Long Beach, Mississippi, Aug. 24, 1969, just one week after Hurricane Camille took a heavy toll on the Mississippi Gulf Coast. Estimates of wind speed were 200 mph, but actual maximum sustained winds are unavailable because all the wind-recording instruments were destroyed during the storm. Storm tides reached 24.6 feet and up to 31 inches of rain was recorded. The combined forces of wind, tide and flooding caused 256 deaths. Jack Thornell/AP Photo

Hurricane Agnes Pennsylvania Gov. Milton Shapp, front right, in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, surveys the damage. He and his wife Muriel evacuated earlier from the governor's mansion after Hurricane Agnes flooded the area, June 23, 1972. The storm made landfall in Florida, weakened and then returned to New York, to cause more damage with heavy rain causing 122 deaths and $2.1 billion in damage. Patriot News/AP

Hurricane Hugo Kitty Hicks salvages a few items from her home in Hemby Bridge, Nort Carolina, Sept. 29, 1989. The house was destroyed by a tree during Hurricane Hugo. The Category 4 hurricane made landfall just north of Charleston, S.C., with winds of 120 mph, causing $7 billion in damage. Davie Hinshaw/Charlotte Observer/AP

Hurricane Andrew Homes were reduced to piles of rubble following Hurricane Andrew in 1992. Wind-recording instruments were destroyed in the peak areas, and others recorded gust of up to 177 mph, making it one of the most intense and destructive hurricanes on record. It also produced a killer tornado in southeastern Louisiana. Damage done was estimated at $26.5 billion with 23 lives lost. Steve Starr/Corbis, via Getty Images

Hurricane Floyd Charles Summers, resident of Oak Island in the coast of North Carolina near Wilmington, walks next to a house that was destroyed by strong winds and the rising surf produced when Hurricane Floyd touched down a few miles north in the early hours of Sept. 16, 1999. Floyd produced as much as 19 inches of rain, coming just two weeks after another tropical storm had saturated the land. Severe flooding caused 50 deaths and $3 billion to $6 billion in damages. Roberto Schmidt/AFP/Getty Images

Hurricane Frances The surf pounds a mobile home park sitting on the Indian River at Jensen Beach, Florida, as Hurricane Frances moves through the area, Sept. 4, 2004. Though only a Category 2 storm when it made landfall near Stuart, Florida, Frances produced heavy rainfall, storm surge and flooding and spawned an outbreak of over 100 tornadoes, with estimated damage at $8.9 billion. J. Albert Diaz/Miami Herald, via AP

Hurricane Frances An aerial view of wrecked homes in Punta Gorda, Florida, after Hurricane Francesbattered the town with 145 mph winds, Aug. 13, 2004. What started as a tropical wave, grew into a hurricane with strengthened into a Category 4 before striking the coast of southwest Florida, moving out to the Atlantic and then hitting South Carolina twice. Violent winds devastated Punta Gorda and neighboring Port Charlotte causing $15 billion in damage. John Roca/NY Daily News Archive via Getty Images

Hurricane Katrina Water spills over a levee along the Inner Harbor Navigational Canal in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, Aug. 30, 2005 in New Orleans. Storm surge flooding of 25 to 28 feet above normal in Mississippi and 10 to 20 feet in Louisiana breached the levees and inundated New Orleans, causing 1,200 deaths and catastrophic damage of over $75 billion. Vincent Laforet-Pool/AFP/Getty Images

Hurricane Katrina Evelyn Turner cries alongside the body of her longtime companion, Xavier Bowie, after he died in New Orleans, Aug. 30, 2005. Bowie and Turner had decided to ride out Hurricane Katrina when they could not find a way to leave the city. Eric Gay/AP

Hurricane Ike A road collapsed following Hurricane Ike, Sept. 15, 2008, in Galveston, Texas. The storm produced tropical-storm-force winds extending 275 miles and made landfall as a Category 2 hurricane in Texas and then continued to wreak havoc all the way to Canada. In Texas, Louisiana and Arkansas, 20 people died and 34 were declared missing. In Ohio, the storm was directly or indirectly responsible for another 28 deaths. Scott Olson/Getty Images

Hurricane Sandy Homes in the Rockaway neighborhood were damaged during Hurricane Sandy, Oct. 31, 2012, in the Queens borough of New York. The tropical cyclone merged with another system creating an extra-tropical cyclone, thus dubbed "Superstorm Sandy" with intense winds stretching over 900 miles, creating a wave of 32.5 feet in New York Harbor. The storm was responsible for 72 deaths and $65 billion in damage. Spencer Platt/Getty Images

Hurricane Sandy A roller coaster sits in the Atlantic Ocean after the Fun Town pier it sat on was destroyed by Superstorm Sandy, Nov. 1, 2012, in Seaside Heights, New Jersey. Mark Wilson/Getty Images

Hurricane Irene Branches litter an alley as a result of Hurricane Irene, Aug. 28, 2011, in Virginia Beach, Virginia. The Category 1 hurricane struck the Outer Banks in North Carolina first, weakened, struck New Jersey and then Brooklyn in New York City, before its final strike in Vermont. Widespread destruction of $15.6 billion and at least 56 deaths were left in its wake. Brendan Hoffman/Getty Images

Hurricane Harvey Rescue boats fill a flooded street as people are evacuated from rising water after Hurricane Harvey, Aug. 28, 2017, in Houston. Making landfall in Texas on Aug. 25, Harvey was the first major hurricane to hit the continental U.S. since 2005. While it was downgraded to a Tropical Storm within hours, it brought over 51-inches of rain, estimated at more than 20 trillion gallons of water, across Texas and Louisiana. It was the biggest rainfall total from a single storm to hit the continental U.S. Texas officials said that more than 185,000 homes were damaged or destroyed. David J. Phillip/AP

Hurricane Irma Floodwaters from Hurricane Irma recede, Sept. 13, 2017, in Middleburg, Fla. A Category 4 hurricane, Irma became the first hurricane to make touch land in Florida since 2004. Due to the amount of damage caused, more than 585 shelters were opened throughout Florida with a total population of more than 200,000 people. The storm was responsible for at least 17 deaths in Florida, Georgia and South Carolina. Sean Rayford/Getty ImagesGalveston Hurricane Men use ropes to pull away the debris of houses in order to look for bodies, after the Galveston Hurricane of 1900. The Category 4 storm with winds in excess of 130mph and a storm surge of over 15 feet, was the deadliest in U.S. History, killing at least 8,000. Library of Congress/Corbis/VCG via Getty Images

Hurricane Audrey Homes in Cameron, Louisiana, lie in ruins in the wake of Hurricane Audrey, July 1, 1957. As far at 25 miles inland were inundated with storm surge of 8 to 12 feet, and leaving 390 dead. Beaumont Enterprise/AP Photo

Hurricane Betsy U.S. Highway 90 at Biloxi went under several feet of water as powerful Hurricane Betsy slammed into the mainland, Sept. 10, 1965. At left in the background, a National Guard truck makes its way through the water. The Industrial Canal was breeched, causing $1.2 billion in damage. Congress ordered the Army Corps of Engineers to build a flood-protection system for New Orleans, which later collapsed during Hurricane Katrina. AP

Hurricane Camille Father William Pittman, left, conducts an outdoor Mass outside the ruins of St. Thomas Catholic Church at Long Beach, Mississippi, Aug. 24, 1969, just one week after Hurricane Camille took a heavy toll on the Mississippi Gulf Coast. Estimates of wind speed were 200 mph, but actual maximum sustained winds are unavailable because all the wind-recording instruments were destroyed during the storm. Storm tides reached 24.6 feet and up to 31 inches of rain was recorded. The combined forces of wind, tide and flooding caused 256 deaths. Jack Thornell/AP Photo

Hurricane Agnes Pennsylvania Gov. Milton Shapp, front right, in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, surveys the damage. He and his wife Muriel evacuated earlier from the governor's mansion after Hurricane Agnes flooded the area, June 23, 1972. The storm made landfall in Florida, weakened and then returned to New York, to cause more damage with heavy rain causing 122 deaths and $2.1 billion in damage. Patriot News/AP

Hurricane Hugo Kitty Hicks salvages a few items from her home in Hemby Bridge, Nort Carolina, Sept. 29, 1989. The house was destroyed by a tree during Hurricane Hugo. The Category 4 hurricane made landfall just north of Charleston, S.C., with winds of 120 mph, causing $7 billion in damage. Davie Hinshaw/Charlotte Observer/AP

Hurricane Andrew Homes were reduced to piles of rubble following Hurricane Andrew in 1992. Wind-recording instruments were destroyed in the peak areas, and others recorded gust of up to 177 mph, making it one of the most intense and destructive hurricanes on record. It also produced a killer tornado in southeastern Louisiana. Damage done was estimated at $26.5 billion with 23 lives lost. Steve Starr/Corbis, via Getty Images

Hurricane Floyd Charles Summers, resident of Oak Island in the coast of North Carolina near Wilmington, walks next to a house that was destroyed by strong winds and the rising surf produced when Hurricane Floyd touched down a few miles north in the early hours of Sept. 16, 1999. Floyd produced as much as 19 inches of rain, coming just two weeks after another tropical storm had saturated the land. Severe flooding caused 50 deaths and $3 billion to $6 billion in damages. Roberto Schmidt/AFP/Getty Images

Hurricane Frances The surf pounds a mobile home park sitting on the Indian River at Jensen Beach, Florida, as Hurricane Frances moves through the area, Sept. 4, 2004. Though only a Category 2 storm when it made landfall near Stuart, Florida, Frances produced heavy rainfall, storm surge and flooding and spawned an outbreak of over 100 tornadoes, with estimated damage at $8.9 billion. J. Albert Diaz/Miami Herald, via AP

Hurricane Frances An aerial view of wrecked homes in Punta Gorda, Florida, after Hurricane Francesbattered the town with 145 mph winds, Aug. 13, 2004. What started as a tropical wave, grew into a hurricane with strengthened into a Category 4 before striking the coast of southwest Florida, moving out to the Atlantic and then hitting South Carolina twice. Violent winds devastated Punta Gorda and neighboring Port Charlotte causing $15 billion in damage. John Roca/NY Daily News Archive via Getty Images

Hurricane Katrina Water spills over a levee along the Inner Harbor Navigational Canal in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, Aug. 30, 2005 in New Orleans. Storm surge flooding of 25 to 28 feet above normal in Mississippi and 10 to 20 feet in Louisiana breached the levees and inundated New Orleans, causing 1,200 deaths and catastrophic damage of over $75 billion. Vincent Laforet-Pool/AFP/Getty Images

Hurricane Katrina Evelyn Turner cries alongside the body of her longtime companion, Xavier Bowie, after he died in New Orleans, Aug. 30, 2005. Bowie and Turner had decided to ride out Hurricane Katrina when they could not find a way to leave the city. Eric Gay/AP

Hurricane Ike A road collapsed following Hurricane Ike, Sept. 15, 2008, in Galveston, Texas. The storm produced tropical-storm-force winds extending 275 miles and made landfall as a Category 2 hurricane in Texas and then continued to wreak havoc all the way to Canada. In Texas, Louisiana and Arkansas, 20 people died and 34 were declared missing. In Ohio, the storm was directly or indirectly responsible for another 28 deaths. Scott Olson/Getty Images

Hurricane Sandy Homes in the Rockaway neighborhood were damaged during Hurricane Sandy, Oct. 31, 2012, in the Queens borough of New York. The tropical cyclone merged with another system creating an extra-tropical cyclone, thus dubbed "Superstorm Sandy" with intense winds stretching over 900 miles, creating a wave of 32.5 feet in New York Harbor. The storm was responsible for 72 deaths and $65 billion in damage. Spencer Platt/Getty Images

Hurricane Sandy A roller coaster sits in the Atlantic Ocean after the Fun Town pier it sat on was destroyed by Superstorm Sandy, Nov. 1, 2012, in Seaside Heights, New Jersey. Mark Wilson/Getty Images

Hurricane Irene Branches litter an alley as a result of Hurricane Irene, Aug. 28, 2011, in Virginia Beach, Virginia. The Category 1 hurricane struck the Outer Banks in North Carolina first, weakened, struck New Jersey and then Brooklyn in New York City, before its final strike in Vermont. Widespread destruction of $15.6 billion and at least 56 deaths were left in its wake. Brendan Hoffman/Getty Images

Hurricane Harvey Rescue boats fill a flooded street as people are evacuated from rising water after Hurricane Harvey, Aug. 28, 2017, in Houston. Making landfall in Texas on Aug. 25, Harvey was the first major hurricane to hit the continental U.S. since 2005. While it was downgraded to a Tropical Storm within hours, it brought over 51-inches of rain, estimated at more than 20 trillion gallons of water, across Texas and Louisiana. It was the biggest rainfall total from a single storm to hit the continental U.S. Texas officials said that more than 185,000 homes were damaged or destroyed. David J. Phillip/AP

Hurricane Irma Floodwaters from Hurricane Irma recede, Sept. 13, 2017, in Middleburg, Fla. A Category 4 hurricane, Irma became the first hurricane to make touch land in Florida since 2004. Due to the amount of damage caused, more than 585 shelters were opened throughout Florida with a total population of more than 200,000 people. The storm was responsible for at least 17 deaths in Florida, Georgia and South Carolina. Sean Rayford/Getty ImagesThe Civil Rights Movement, initiated in the 1950s to end racial discrimination and segregation, was marked by a landmark Supreme Court decision and acts of civil resistance ranging from sit-ins at lunch counters to the March on Washington.<br /> <br /> In Brown v. Board of Education, the Supreme Court declared segregation in public schools unconstitutional. Nathaniel Steward, 17, recited his lesson, May 21, 1954, at the Saint-Dominique school in Washington, where the decision was applied for the first time. AFP/Getty Images

Mrs. Rosa Parks, a seamstress, was fingerprinted after her refusal to move to the back of a bus to accommodate a white passenger in Montgomery, Alabama, in 1955. Following her arrest, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. organized a boycott of the Montgomery bus system. On Nov. 13, 1956, the Supreme Court struck down Alabama state and Montgomery city bus segregation laws as being in violation of the equal protection clause of the 14th amendment of the Constitution, according to History.com. Underwood Archives/Getty Images

Elizabeth Eckford ignored the hostile screams of fellow students on her first day of school in 1957. She was one of the nine African-American students whose integration into Little Rock's Central High School was ordered by a federal court. Governor Orval Faubus defied the court, calling the Arkansas National Guard to prevent the students from entering the building, according to the U.S. Department of the Interior. President Eisenhower ordered the National Guard to protect the teenagers ten days later, but Faubus dismissed the troops, leaving the students exposed to an angry mob. Bettmann Archive

While attempting to attend the arraignment of a man accused of assaulting Ralph Abernathy, a Baptist minister who was a civil rights leader, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was arrested and charged with loitering in Montgomery, Ala., Sept. 3, 1958. His wife, Coretta Scott King, watched. Charles Moore/Getty Images

Emmett Till was brutally murdered at the age of 14 for allegedly whistling at a white woman in Mississippi by her husband and his half-brother. In September 1955, an all-white, all-male jury in Sumner, Mississippi, acquitted the two men. Bettmann Archive/Getty Images

Mourners and onlookers surround the entrance to Roberts Temple Church of God in Christ in Chicago, Sept. 3, 1955, during funeral services for Emmett Till. Till's mother, Mamie Till Mobley, held an open casket funeral and had Till's body photographed, sparking outrage and a louder call for civil rights. Bettmann Archive/Getty Images

Spurred to action by the death of Emmett Till, African-American students at North Carolina Agricultural and Technical College participated in a sit-in at a F. W. Woolworth's lunch counter reserved for white customers in Greensboro, N.C., in 1960. Similar non-violent protests against segregation spread to over a hundred cities within a year, according to the Library of Congress. Bettmann Archive

Demonstrators gathered in front of a Woolworth store in Harlem, New York, Feb. 13, 1960, to protest lunch counter discrimination in Greensboro, Charlotte and Durham, North Carolina. The demonstrators, who belonged to a civil rights organization known as CORE (Congress of Racial Equality), urged Harlem residents not to patronize Woolworth stores until discrimination ended in the stores in the three Southern cities. Bettmann Archive

African-American students from Saint Augustine College participated in a sit-in at a segregated lunch counter in Raleigh, North Carolina, in 1960. In response to the success of the sit-in movement, dining facilities across the South were being integrated by the summer of 1960, according to History.com. Bettmann Archive

Freedom Riders on a Greyhound bus sponsored by the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE), sat on the ground outside the bus after it was set on fire by a group of whites who met the integrated group on arrival at Anniston, Alabama, May 14, 1961. The Freedom rides, which took place throughout the South, were organized to protest segregation in interstate bus terminals. Getty Images

National Guard soldiers escorted Freedom Riders along their ride from Montgomery, Ala., to Jackson, Miss., in 1961. In September 1961, the Interstate Commerce Commission issued regulations prohibiting segregation in bus and train stations nationwide, according to History.com. Bruce Davidson/Magnum Photos

A woman is seen in the back of a police van in New York, 1962. Bruce Davidson/Magnum Photos

Sarah Jean Collins, 12, was blinded by a dynamite explosion set off in the basement of the 16th Street Baptist Church that killed her sister and three other girls as her Sunday school class was ending in Birmingham, Ala. in 1963. The bombing was an act of terrorism, orchestrated by the Ku Klux Klan and other white supremacists. Frank Dandridge/The LIFE Images Collection/Getty Images

The family of Carol Robertson, a 14-year-old African American girl killed in a church bombing, attend graveside services for her, Sept. 17, 1963, in Birmingham, Alabama. The deaths of four little girls in the incident shocked the nation. Seated left to right: Carol Robertson's sister Dianne and parents, Mr. Alvin Robertson Sr. and Mrs. Alpha Robertson. Horace Cort/AP Photo

Malcolm X promotes Black Muslim policies during a civil rights demonstration in New York, 1963. Malcolm X sharply contrasted with Martin Luther King Jr.’s approach to civil rights, and promoted segregation of black and white Americans during his time as a leader of the Nation of Islam. He later disavowed these beliefs after becoming disillusioned with the Nation of Islam and was assassinated by three members in 1965. Bob Henriques/The LIFE Images Collection/Getty Images

In 1965, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. led a march from Selma to Montgomery to protest the lack of voting rights for African Americans. Beside King is John Lewis, Reverend Jesse Douglas, James Forman and Ralph Abernathy. Steve Schapiro/Corbis via Getty Images

A 17-year-old civil rights demonstrator, defying an anti-parade ordinance of Birmingham, Ala., was attacked by a police dog on May 3, 1963. On May 4, 1963, during a meeting at the White House with members of a political group, President Kennedy discussed this photo, which had appeared on the front page of that day's New York Times. The image helped turn the tide of public opinion in favor of the civil rights activists. Bill Hudson/AP Photo

A group of demonstrators are blasted with water from a firehose in Birmingham, Alabama, May 3, 1963. Police officers used both firehoses and dogs to break up the non-violent demonstration. Charles Moore/Getty Images

From left, John Lewis, Matthew Ahman, Floyd B. McKissick, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., Reverend Eugene Carson Blake, Cleveland Robinson, and Rabbi Joachim Prinz at the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom, Aug. 28, 1963. An estimated 250,000 people attended the march, and the event focused on employment discrimination, civil rights abuses against African Americans, Latinos, and other disenfranchised groups, and support for the Civil Rights Act that the Kennedy Administration was attempting to pass through Congress, according to the National Park Service. Robert W. Kelley/The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images

King addressed crowds during the March On Washington at the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, where he gave his seminal "I Have A Dream" speech, Aug. 28, 1963. “I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal," he said. Central Press/Getty Images

Lyndon B. Johnson signs the Civil Rights Act in 1964. The landmark legislation outlawed discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex or national origin. UIG via Getty Images

A demonstration turns violent as the police forcibly remove protesters and use tear gas in Cambridge, Md., 1964. Clifford Vaughs, a photographer for the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC), is arrested by the National Guard. SNCC was formed to give younger blacks more of a voice in the civil rights movement, according to History.com. Danny Lyon/Magnum Photos

The police carry away a protester during a Congress of Racial Equality demonstration in New York in 1964. Bruce Davidson/Magnum Photos

State troopers swung billy clubs to break up the civil rights voting march in Selma, Ala., March 7, 1965. John Lewis, chairman of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (in the foreground) was beaten by a state trooper. Lewis, a future Congressman, sustained a fractured skull. AP Photo

Civil rights activists march across the Edmund Pettus Bridge, starting the second march to Montgomery, Alabama, in 1965 .There were three march attempts. The first was coined "Bloody Sunday," after it was marked by violence against the civil rights activists was perpetrated by the local and state police. The third march attempt was successful in reaching the Alabama state capitol in Montgomery. Flip Schulke/Corbis via Getty Images

A young civil rights activist takes part in the Selma to Montgomery Civil Rights March in 1965. King and the Southern Christian Leadership Council, a civil rights group, organized the march to bring attention to discrimination against black voters. Steve Schapiro/Corbis via Getty Images

Members of the military guarded participants in the Selma to Montgomery Civil Rights March, March 25, 1965 in Montgomery, Ala. Stephen F. Somerstein/Getty Images

Civil rights activists marched from Selma to Montgomery in 1965. Following “Bloody Sunday,” President Lyndon B. Johnson called for legislation protecting the voting rights of African Americans. The Voting Rights Act, which prohibited racial discrimination in voting, was signed into law that August. Steve Schapiro/Corbis via Getty Images

A line of Alabama State Police faced down a line of civil rights activists who stand with arms linked in unity. The protesters were about to begin the march to Montgomery, 1965. Steve Schapiro/Corbis via Getty Images

Civil rights protesters block traffic on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington by lying in the street in 1965. Bettmann Archive

Mississippi Highway Patrolmen used tear gas on civil rights protesters in Canton, Mississippi, in 1966. Participants in the protest had embarked on a 19-day “March Against Fear” to encourage African-Americans to vote and participate in local government, according to Ashley Norwood of Mississippi Today. Hulton Archive/Getty Images

Members of the National Guard cleared the streets while holding their rifles, which had unsheathed bayonets fixed to the barrels, during the Newark riots in 1967. The riots were sparked by the beating of a black cab driver by white police officers, according to NJ.com. Don Hogan Charles/The New York Times, via Redux

National Guard troops block off Beale Street in Memphis, Tenn., as civil rights marchers wearing placards reading, "I AM A MAN" pass by, March 29, 1968. It was the third consecutive march held by the group in as many days. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., who had left town after the first march, returned to Memphis and would be assassinated a few days later. Bettmann Archive

Extending gloved hands skyward in racial protest, U.S. athletes Tommie Smith, center, and John Carlos stare downward during the playing of the Star Spangled Banner after Smith received the gold and Carlos the bronze for the 200 meter run at the Summer Olympic Games in Mexico City, Oct. 16, 1968. Australian silver medalist Peter Norman is at left. The photograph became an icon of the civil rights movement. AP Photo

Civil rights leader Andrew Young and others stand on the balcony of the Lorraine Motel, pointing in the direction of the shooter after Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., who is lying at their feet, was fatally shot on April 4, 1968. Joseph Louw/The LIFE Images Collection/Getty Images

The family of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., view his body at the Sister's Chapel at Spelman College in Atlanta, April 7, 1968. Left to right: Yolanda, 12; Bernice, 5; Martin 3rd, 11; and Dexter, 33, with Mrs. Martin Luther King, Jr. King was assassinated at the Lorraine Motel in Memphis in April 4,1968. A national outpouring of anger and mourning followed his death and led to the radicalization of some moderate African-American activists, according to History.com. Bettmann ArchiveCamp Fire A search and rescue team combs through the debris for possible human remains at Paradise Gardens in Paradise, Calif., Nov. 16, 2018. Marcus Yam/Los Angeles Times/Polaris

Camp Fire Firefighters move debris while recovering human remains from a trailer home destroyed by the Camp Fire in Paradise, Calif., Nov. 17, 2018. Terray Sylvester/Reuters

Camp Fire Residences leveled by the wildfire line a neighborhood in Paradise, Calif., Nov. 15, 2018. Noah Berger/AP

Camp Fire An undated handout photo made available by the United States Forest Service and the National Wildfire Coordinating Group, Nov. 20, 2018, shows firefighters battling the Camp Fire in Northern California. Handout/EPA via Shutterstock

Camp Fire President Donald Trump visits the charred wreckage of Skyway Villa Mobile Home and RV Park with Governor-elect Gavin Newsom, left, Brock Long, right, Paradise Mayor Jody Jones (2nd R) and Governor Jerry Brown in Paradise, Calif., Nov 17, 2018. Leah Millis/Reuters

Camp Fire Lane and Julie Walker, of Magalia, look for people they know on a list of people missing in the aftermath of the Camp Fire in Chico, Calif., Nov. 15, 2018. Terray Sylvester/Reuters

Camp Fire Members of the California Army National Guard take a break at they search burned homes for human remains in Paradise, Calif., Nov. 15, 2018. John Locher/AP

Camp Fire A view from above of a burned out neighborhood in Paradise, Calif., Nov. 15, 2018. The Camp Fire, which wiped out the town of Paradise, became the state's deadliest on record. Josh Edelson/AFP/Getty Images

Camp Fire Firefighters carry a body bag with human remains discovered at a mobile home park destroyed by the Camp Fire, Nov. 14, 2018 in Paradise, Calif. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images

Camp Fire Denise Chester, an evacuee of the Camp Fire, hugs her son Antonio as she volunteers at a makeshift shelter in Chico, Calif., on Nov. 14, 2018. Chester, who wasn't ready to learn whether her home survived, said "I want to help. I don't want to shut down." Noah Berger/AP

Camp Fire Search teams gather outside the Tall Pines Entertainment Center during a briefing before beginning cadaver search operations for the day in Paradise, Calif., Nov. 14, 2018. Joel Angel Juarez/ZUMA Press

Camp Fire Yellow caution tape marks the spot where human remains were discovered at a mobile home park that was destroyed by the Camp Fire on Nov. 14, 2018 in Paradise, Calif. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images

Woolsey Fire The Woolsey Fire burns in the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area, Nov. 13, 2018, in Newbury, Calif. Rob Schumacher/The Republic via USA Today Network

Camp Fire Search and rescue workers search for human remains at a trailer park burned by the Camp Fire, Nov. 13, 2018, in Paradise, Calif. John Locher/AP

Peak Fire An air tanker drops water on a fire along the Ronald Reagan (118) Freeway in Simi Valley, Calif., Nov. 12, 2018. Ringo H.W. Chiu/AP

Camp Fire Homes leveled by the Camp Fire line a development on Edgewood Lane in Paradise, Calif., Nov. 12, 2018. Noah Berger/AP

Peak Fire A firefighter battles a fire along the Ronald Reagan Freeway, aka state Highway 118, in Simi Valley, Calif., Nov. 12, 2018. Ringo H.W. Chi/AP

Camp Fire Rubble remains where mobile homes once stood at the Camp Fire, Nov. 12, 2018, in Paradise, Calif. John Locher/AP

Woolsey Fire A home destroyed by the Woolsey Fire is seen in Thousand Oaks, California, Nov. 12, 2018. Eric Thayer/Reuters

Camp Fire Members of the Sacramento County Coroner's office look for human remains in the rubble of a house burned at the Camp Fire, Nov. 12, 2018, in Paradise, Calif. John Locher/AP

Woolsey Fire A huge cloud of smoke from wildfires hangs over Malibu, Calif., Nov. 9, 2018. Courtesy of Ben Watkins via AP

Camp Fire Firefighter Jose Corona sprays water as flames consume from the Camp Fire consume a home in Magalia, Calif., Nov. 9, 2018. Noah Berger/AP

Woolsey Fire Capt. Adrian Murrieta with the Los Angeles County Fire Dept., looks for hot spots on a wildfire-ravaged home, Nov. 10, 2018, in Malibu, Calif. Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP

Camp Fire The Camp Fire burns along a ridge near Big Bend, Calif., Nov. 10, 2018. Stephen Lam/Reuters

Camp Fire Yolo County Sheriff's Office Animal officer Tim Share rescues an injured horse following the Camp Fire in Paradise, Calif., Nov. 10, 2018. Gabrielle Lurie/San Francisco Chronicle/Polaris

Woolsey Fire Smoke darkens the sky as the Woolsey Fire burns in Malibu, Calif., Nov. 9, 2018. Eric Thayer/Reuters

Woolsey Fire Firefighters Jason Toole, right, and Brent McGill with the Santa Barbara Fire Dept. walk among the ashes of a wildfire-ravaged home after turning off an open gas line, Nov. 10, 2018, in Malibu, Calif. Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP

Woolsey Fire A home is engulfed in flames during the Woolsey Fire in Malibu, Calif., Nov. 9, 2018. Gene Blevins/Reuters

Camp Fire As the Camp Fire burns nearby, a scorched car rests by gas pumps near Pulga, Calif., Nov. 11, 2018. Noah Berger/AP

Camp Fire A deer walks past a destroyed home on Orrin Lane after the wildfire burned through Paradise, Calif., Nov. 10, 2018. Noah Berger/AP

Camp Fire A vehicle drives through smoke from a wildfire near Pulga, Calif., Nov. 11, 2018. Noah Berger/AP

Camp Fire Equine veterinarian Jesse Jellison carries an injured goose to transport during the Camp Fire in Paradise, Calif., Nov. 10, 2018. Stephen Lam/Reuters

Woolsey Fire Roger Bloxberg and his wife Anne hug as they watch a wildfire on a hilltop near their home, Nov. 9, 2018, in West Hills, Calif. Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP

Camp Fire Firefighters push down a wall while battling a fire in an apartment complex in Paradise, Calif., Nov. 9, 2018. Josh Edelson/AFP/Getty Images

Camp Fire Paradise resident and Camp Fire evacuee Christine Fitzsimmons, 50, gets emotional while sitting with her dog at the Red Cross shelter in Chico, Calif., Nov. 9, 2018. Gabrielle Lurie/San Francisco Chronicle via Polaris

Woolsey Fire A house burns during the Woolsey Fire on Nov. 9, 2018 in Malibu, Calif. Robyn Beck/AFP/Getty Images

Camp Fire Krystin Harvey, left, comforts her daughter Araya Cipollini at the remains of their home burned in the Camp Fire, Nov. 10, 2018, in Paradise, Calif. John Locher/AP

Hill Fire A wildfire burns in Camarillo, Calif., near Highway 101, Nov. 8, 2018. CBS2/KCAL9 via AP

Camp Fire Medical personnel evacuate patients as the Feather River Hospital burns while the Camp Fire rages through Paradise, Calif., Nov. 8, 2018. Noah Berger/AP

Woolsey Fire Horses are tied to lifeguard booths on the beach in Malibu, Calif., Nov. 10, 2018. Wildfires are burning in both Southern and Northern California. Ringo H.W. Chiu/AP

Camp Fire Power lines rest on cars that were burned by the Camp Fire on Nov. 10, 2018 in Paradise, Calif. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images

Camp Fire Firefighters work to keep flames from spreading through the Shadowbrook apartment complex as a wildfire burns through Paradise, Calif., Nov. 9, 2018. Noah Berger/AP