CNN —

Newly updated US Food and Drug Administration regulations will require mammography facilities to notify patients about the density of their breasts.

Women with dense breasts are at higher risk for breast cancer, and dense tissue can make cancer harder to detect in mammograms. Still, few women recognize dense breasts as a significant risk factor for cancer.

The FDA update announced Thursday will also strengthen the agency’s oversight over mammogram facilities, allowing it to communicate directly with patients if a facility didn’t meet standards.

“Today’s action represents the agency’s broader commitment to support innovation to prevent, detect and treat cancer,” said Dr. Hilary Marston, the FDA’s chief medical officer.

About 1 in 8 women will develop breast cancer in her life, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and mammography remains the best tool for breast cancer screening and detection.

Dense breast tissue refers to breasts composed of more fibroglandular tissue than fatty tissue. It’s common; the FDA says it’s present in about half of women undergoing mammograms.

But it shows up as white on a mammogram, making cancer – which also appears white – more difficult to detect, according to the American Cancer Society. Dense breasts are also associated with up to a four times higher risk of breast cancer.

Thirty-eight states mandate that women receive written notification about their breast density and its potential breast cancer risk after they have a mammogram; however, the language varies and does not always require providers to notify a patient about their risk.

“Even though women are notified usually in writing when they get a report after a mammogram that says, ‘You have increased breast density,’ it’s kind of just tucked in there at the bottom of the report. I’m not sure that anyone is explaining to them, certainly in person or verbally, what that means,” Dr. Ruth Oratz, a breast oncologist at NYU Langone’s Perlmutter Cancer Center, told CNN earlier this year.

The new changes require facilities to provide patients with information about their breast density and include specific language in the mammogram reports to explain how breast density can influence the accuracy of a mammogram.

Additionally, the FDA is requiring that facilities recommend that patients with dense breasts talk to their health care provider about breast density, risks for breast cancer and their individual situation.

“The idea is to provide information you can discuss with your provider to make better informed decisions, including if you need to consider any next steps,” the FDA said in a statement.

The changes, which amend the Mammography Quality Standards Act of 1992, are required to be implemented within 18 months. The FDA says these new regulations will enhance inspection of mammography practices and communication with patients and providers.

“This is intended to help ensure important information that could affect decisions about patient care, such as the potential need for further evaluation or a repeat mammogram, is communicated as completely as possible,” the agency said.

The American Cancer Society applauded the FDA’s new rule, saying it will reduce delays in diagnosis.

“The final rule will improve screening by addressing newer technologies, better enforcement of facility accreditation and quality standards, and enhance the reports that are provided to women and their physicians,” the ACS said in a statement.

Get CNN Health's weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team.

The ACS said that while the new changes can help reduce breast cancer mortality rates, more work still needs to be done to ensure all women receive access to high quality mammograms.

“Despite these advances, we maintain concern that the FDA did not include provisions to address the variability in the quality of mammography interpretation and encourage the FDA to take action on this issue immediately,” said ACS CEO Dr. Karen Knudsen in a statement.

According to the organization, “Black women are more likely to experience lower quality screening, contributing to the ongoing disparity” in breast cancer mortality among Black and White women.

A study published last year found that the breast cancer death rate dropped by 43% within three decades, from 1989 to 2020, translating to 460,000 fewer breast cancer deaths during that time. But when the data were analyzed by race, Black women had a lower incidence rate of breast cancer versus White women, but the death rate was 40% higher in Black women overall.CNN —

One of the four Americans who were kidnapped in Mexico last week was traveling for medical tourism, a friend said. A growing number of US residents are traveling internationally to seek more affordable medical care, more timely care or access to certain treatments or procedures that are unapproved or unavailable in the United States.

Latavia “Tay” Washington McGee, 33, drove to Mexico with Shaeed Woodard, Zindell Brown and Eric Williams for cosmetic surgery that was scheduled to take place Friday, according to a close friend of Washington McGee’s who did not want to be identified.

The four Americans were found Tuesday near the border city of Matamoros, officials said. Washington McGee and Williams were found alive, and Woodard and Brown were found dead, a US official familiar with the investigation told CNN. Investigators are still piecing together what happened after they were abducted.

Medical tourism takes people all over the world, including to Mexico, India and Eastern Europe. Violence against medical tourists is generally thought to be rare, but the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warns about other risks such as quality of care, infection control and communication challenges with medical staff.

“It’s on the daily, without a doubt. There are people going daily to get this kind of stuff done,” said Dr. Nolan Perez, a gastroenterologist in Brownsville, Texas, which is across the border from Matamoros. “Whether it’s primary care provider visits or dental procedures or something more significant, like elective or weight loss surgery, there’s no doubt that people are doing that because of low cost and easier access.”

A growing trend

One study published in the American Journal of Medicine estimated that fewer than 800,000 Americans traveled to other countries for medical care in 2007, but by 2017, more than 1 million did.

More current estimates suggest that those numbers have continued to grow.

“People travel because there may be a long waiting time, wait lists or other reasons why they can’t get treatment as quickly as they would like it. So they explore their options outside the United States to see what’s available,” said Elizabeth Ziemba, president of Medical Tourism Training, which provides training and accreditation to international health travel organizations.

Also, “price is a big issue in the United States. We know that the US health care system is incredibly expensive,” she added. “Even for people with insurance, there may be high deductibles or out-of-pocket costs that are not covered by insurance, so that people will look based on price for what’s available in other destinations.”

The most common procedures that prompt medical tourism trips include dental care, surgery, cosmetic surgery, fertility treatments, organ and tissue transplants and cancer treatment, according to the CDC.

“With Mexico and Costa Rica, it’s overwhelmingly dental and cosmetic surgery. However, certain countries are known for specialties. For example, in Singapore, stem cell and oncology is huge. In India, South India and Chennai Apollo hospitals does incredible work with hip and knee surgeries,” said Josef Woodman, founder of Patients Beyond Borders, an international health care consulting company.

“In Eastern Europe, a lot of people from the UK – but also people from the United States – travel to Hungary, Croatia and Turkey for everything from dental to light cosmetic surgery,” he said.

Mexico is the second most popular destination for medical tourism globally, with an estimated 1.4 million to 3 million people coming into the country to take advantage of inexpensive treatment in 2020, according to Patients Beyond Borders.

Matamoros – where officials said the four kidnapped Americans were found – is “not considered a primary medical travel destination,” Woodman said, “largely because there are no internationally accredited medical centers/specialty clinics there or in the immediate region.”

Mexico City, Cancun and Tijuana are more frequented and reliable destinations in the country, Woodman said.

On average, Americans can save 40% to 60% across the most common major procedures received by medical tourists in Mexico, according to an analysis of 2020 health ministry data conducted by Patients Beyond Borders.

Woodman said that violence against medical tourists was extremely rare, but he added that “price shopping” – searching for the cheapest location for a procedure – is a “blueprint for trouble,” namely substandard medical care.

‘There are the complexities’

Medical tourism can be dangerous, depending on the destination and the person’s condition.

“There are the complexities of traveling if you have a medically complex situation. There are fit-to-fly rules. And your health care providers should take into consideration the impact of traveling if you have orthopedic injuries or issues,” Ziemba said.

“The quality of care may be an unknown,” she said. “It may be that the quality of care is not up to the standards that you would like. So there’s a bit of an unknown there, and then the last thing I would say is, if something goes wrong, what’s going to happen?”

Perez said he commonly manages complications from medical tourism in his practice.

“There are a lot of bad outcomes. There are a lot of infections and a lot of botched procedures gone wrong, and patients have to come back to the United States and then have a revision of the surgery,” he said. “So it’s really unfortunate.”

Yet Ziemba added that there can be benefits to medical tourism, including that someone could receive a service that they need faster overseas than locally.

“And price: If you simply can’t afford the out-of-pocket costs of health care in the United States, and assuming the risks involved, it may make much more sense for you financially to travel outside the United States,” she said.

Medical tourism is not just for people traveling around the world. Many living along the US-Mexico border, where access to health care can be scarce, cross into Mexico for care.

The Rio Grande Valley, at the southernmost point of Texas, is considered to be a medically underserved area. The region has some of the nation’s highest rates of comorbidities, including obesity and diabetes, and one of the lowest physician-to-patient ratios.

There is a “dire need” for health care professionals along the border, Perez said.

“There are not as many doctors given our big and our growing population down here. So the demands on primary care doctors and specialists are very high because there are not enough of us for this population,” he said. “So that’s one reason why people end up going to Mexico to visit with physicians, because of easier access.”

Get CNN Health's weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team.

People interested in medical tourism can take some steps to help minimize their risk, the CDC says.

Those planning to travel to another country for medical care should see their health care provider or a travel medicine provider at least four to six weeks before the trip and get international travel health insurance that covers medical evacuation back to the United States.

The CDC advises taking copies of your medical records with you and checking the qualifications of the providers who will be overseeing your medical care. Also, make sure you can get any follow-up care you may need.Editor’s Note: Sign up for CNN’s Life, But Greener newsletter. Our limited newsletter series guides you on how to minimize your personal role in the climate crisis — and reduce your eco-anxiety.

CNN —

It’s only early March, but the pollen floating around the air in the Southern and Eastern US is already eye-watering.

In Atlanta, the pollen count climbed to the “extremely high” range on Monday – the earliest it has done so in 30 years of record-keeping, according to the Atlanta Allergy and Asthma physicians practice. By Tuesday, the tree pollen count had doubled.

Farther north in Washington, DC, the first “high” tree pollen count appeared a month ago on February 8, the Washington Post’s Capital Weather Gang reported. At 487 grains per every cubic meter of air, it was the highest count on record so early in the season, Susan Kosisky, a chief microbiologist at the US Army Centralized Allergen Extract Lab, told the Post.

In short, pollen has exploded from plants much earlier than normal this year after an exceptionally warm February in the South and East. But these aren’t isolated trends. As the planet warms, researchers say, allergy season is starting earlier and lasting longer.

A report released Wednesday by Climate Central, a nonprofit focused on climate news and research, analyzed how warmer temperatures have affected allergy season in 203 US cities since 1970. It found that on average, growing season – the period between the last freeze in spring to the first freeze of fall – is lasting 16 days longer in the Southeast, 15 days longer in the Northeast and 14 days longer in the South.

In the West, growing season is 27 days longer on average, Climate Central reported. Reno, Nevada, for example, has seen a shocking increase of 99 days.

Growing season in the US has lengthened by 15 days on average, according to a Climate Central analysis. Climate Central

“Because of climate change, we’re now seeing an earlier and longer growing season for plants, which of course make pollen, which is the enemy of many Americans that suffer from pollen allergies – and mold allergies as well,” Lauren Casey, a meteorologist with Climate Central, told CNN. “Pollen can also trigger an asthma attack, which of course is much more serious for people that suffer from asthma.”

When plants reproduce, typically during the spring, many release tiny pollen grains that are carried by wind. The pollen grains are small enough to be inhaled, and some people’s immune systems react very poorly to the miniscule particles.

More than 24 million people in the US have pollen-induced respiratory allergies like hay fever, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.

Growing season has lengthened by 34 days in Atlanta, according to a Climate Central analysis. Climate Central

Growing season has lengthened by 20 days in Washington, DC, according to a Climate Central analysis. Climate Central

A longer and earlier start to pollen season could trigger a public health emergency, researchers say. As temperatures get warmer in the South and drought plagues the Southwest, pollen from plants like ragweed or poaceae – a plant that typically grows in grasslands or salt-marshes – is projected to be higher across those regions than in the North.

Wind-driven pollen, which plays an important role in plant fertilization, is closely tied to temperature and precipitation changes. So, as spring seasons get warmer earlier due to climate change, plants could pollinate much earlier and for a longer period of time than they currently do.

Mold allergens on the rise

Plant pollen isn’t the only trigger of seasonal allergies. Mold, a type of fungi that reproduces with tiny airborne spores, can also be allergenic for some people and can exacerbate seasonal allergies, according to the report.

While outdoor mold is not as well-studied as pollen, according to the report, one thing is clear: Warmer and wetter weather – conditions that many locations are seeing more of amid the climate crisis – is favorable for mold development.

“With climate change, we’re seeing increases in warming in all seasons, but particularly the fastest warming season for most locations across the US is the winter season,” Casey said. “So now we’re dealing with mold at a time of year that we typically wouldn’t.”

Casey also pointed out that the climate crisis is making extreme precipitation more likely, which provides that crucial dampness for mold to grow. The report highlights the link between allergens and thunderstorms, which researchers say spread pollen and mold spores through the air more efficiently.

“The problem with pollen grains is that when they get wet, they rupture, and they break into tinier bits called sub-pollen particles,” Casey said. “Those tinier bits are more easily dispersed by the wind when they dry out, and they have an easier time getting into your nasal passages.”

What can you do to manage allergies?

Dr. Mitchell Grayson, chair of the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America’s Medical Scientific Council and chief of the division of allergy and immunology at Nationwide Children’s Hospital, said he has seen pollen allergies arrive earlier than usual.

“In general, we may be seeing people a little earlier in the spring with symptoms – so mid-February from what might have been early March in the past – but there is significant year-to-year variability in this,” he told CNN. “I haven’t seen worse symptoms, but I’m in a hospital that provides specialist care, and we do see people with all ranges of severity.”

Treatment of allergies won’t change, even as the season gets longer, Grayson said, but it’s important to be aware of what you’re allergic to and know where these triggers are in the environment.

Grayson recommends:

Staying indoors, especially early in the morning or late in the afternoon, when most plants release pollen.

Keeping windows closed in your home and car to minimize your exposure to pollen particles.

Changing air filters more frequently for your A/C and heating systems in your home and car, according to the manufacturer’s instructions.

Preparing early by stocking up on anti-allergy medications. If you use a steroid nasal spray, Grayson said it’s important to start using it one to two weeks before your allergy season and to continue through the full season.

Casey, the meteorologist, also noted that allergy season could be a financial burden on low-income families, especially those whose members have asthma, due to the “billions of dollars spent a year on the medical costs of asthma and allergies.”

She said awareness is key, especially as the world pumps more carbon pollution into the atmosphere, which could worsen allergy seasons.

“You know your own body and are aware of what a typical year is going to look like for you, especially if you’re an allergy sufferer,” she said. “But that whole paradigm is changing with this increase in the growing season, so having awareness that you may be suffering now and going forward in times of the year when you typically wouldn’t, so be prepared for that in your daily life.”CNN —

The maker of the drug Makena, which was approved more than a decade ago to reduce the risk of preterm birth, said Tuesday that it is moving to withdraw the medication from the market after a US Food and Administration panel said it is not effective.

“While we stand by Makena’s favorable risk-benefit profile, including its efficacy in women at highest risk of preterm birth, we are seeking to voluntarily withdraw the product and work with the FDA to effectuate an orderly wind-down,” Covis Chief Innovation Officer Dr. Raghav Chari said in a news release.

In October, the FDA’s Obstetrics, Reproductive and Urologic Drugs Advisory Committee voted that Makena should not remain on the market after a large study failed to show that it was effective. It also voted that a postmarket trial didn’t show any benefit to babies and that the evidence didn’t show that Makena reduced the risk of preterm birth in women who had had one before.

Get CNN Health's weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team.

Covis says that soon after the committee hearing, it outlined a plan for withdrawal that included a wind-down period allowing patients to finish the 21-week course of treatment. However, the FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research rejected the plan.

“Covis remains prepared to work cooperatively with the Agency to accomplish an orderly wind-down and withdrawal of Makena and its generics from the market,” the company said Monday in a letter to FDA Commissioner Dr. Robert Califf and Chief Scientist Dr. Namandje Bumpus. “If a final order withdrawing the approval of Makena is issued, we respectfully request that the effective date of the order be set to allow for an orderly wind-down that would best serve the interests of the patients.”Philadelphia CNN —

What drug users and people who work with them in Philadelphia talk about is the smell. The smell of rotting flesh from open infected wounds.

Some users say they feel ashamed of the state of their bodies, but more feel a sense of urgency. They need help. The wounds are killing them.

“It is absolutely horrible. That’s the reality, though,” said James Sherman, known as Sherm around Philadelphia’s Kensington neighborhood, where he once used drugs and where he now tries to help those still on the streets.

The need for help has become more urgent over the last three years, as the animal tranquilizer xylazine, also called tranq, has become a bigger part of Philly’s street fentanyl supply. Xylazine can cause large wounds that won’t heal, no matter where you inject it and they can appear even if you snort it or smoke it. Infections are common and can even lead to amputations.

“Some people aren’t ready to see that yet,” Sherman said. “It’s literally people’s flesh rotting, and you can smell it.”

Nick Gallagher has a wound dressed. He says it has been open for 21 months. CNN

Kensington has seen the changing nature of America’s addiction crisis. It has been well known as a place to buy heroin under the elevated rail line, a short distance but a world away from the business and tourist centers of downtown.

Heroin was edged out by the more powerful synthetic opioid fentanyl. But fentanyl’s effects don’t last as long as heroin, and so xylazine was added to street fentanyl to “give it legs,” according to Sarah Laurel, who founded Savage Sisters, the harm-reduction group that employs Sherman.

Xylazine is not approved for humans, but it’s widely available for veterinarians to sedate large animals like horses. Like an opioid, it can kill pain but it cannot be reversed with Narcan, also known as naloxone, which is used to treat opioid overdoses, according to the US Drug Enforcement Agency. As xylazine is usually mixed in with fentanyl, naloxone can help an overdosed person by counteracting the opioid, though other measures may be needed. Workers at Savage Sisters now carry oxygen tanks with them.

I could have lost my hand Maggie

The drug has side effects like “tranq walk,” where people seem unaware of their surroundings, along with sores and wounds.

A user, Maggie, told CNN what she’s seen. “You shoot up and you miss, you get a sore. You don’t take care of your sore, you’ll wind up in a hospital with a hole,” she said. It had happened to her. It started out like a pimple, and then it got bigger, and then the skin came off and she had a half-dollar-sized wound. “I could have lost my hand.”

Xylazine can lead to the "tranq walk" where users stumble around, seeming unaware of their surroundings. CNN

Tranq made its mark on Philadelphia’s street drugs about three years ago. That’s when doctors, users and those who try to help them saw a difference.

Dr. Joseph D’Orazio, an emergency physician and addiction medicine specialist at Temple University Hospital, said patients started to have major wounds that were different from typical injection drug use. “These wounds were a lot deeper, a lot more severe, there were big necrotic areas,” he said. “They were deep down into tendons. Sometimes you can see the bones, and we were starting to see more patients that were requiring amputations.”

Initially, there was no demand for xylazine.

“Nobody was coming to Kensington to buy tranq, they were coming to get heroin,” said Laurel of the Savage Sisters group. “You don’t go to your drug dealer and say, ‘Do you have a nutrition label with this?’ … You get what you get, and you don’t get upset.” And whatever you get, you eventually feel a physical compulsion to do, she said.

D’Orazio, who also runs a streetside clinic in Kensington, said: “I’ve heard some people say, ‘Everything has fentanyl in it except the fentanyl.’” That’s the way fentanyl has been found as an adulterant in many other drugs, helping to drive US overdose deaths to record highs. But in Kensington, now the fentanyl supply has adulterants too. Xylazine is in 9 out of 10 samples of lab-tested dope in Philadelphia. “What we’re seeing is the bags of fentanyl sometimes don’t have fentanyl … it’s just xylazine,” he said.

Xylazine is most concentrated in Philadelphia, according to Dr. Rahul Gupta, director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy. But it’s in all 50 states, he told CNN.

I’d rather come off fentanyl and heroin put together than xylazine Dana

The White House is looking at xylazine as a potential “emerging threat,” which would trigger the development of a federal plan to address it, he said.

And last week the US Food and Drug Administration announced it had taken action to stop unlawful imports of xylazine.

That might slow the spread of xylazine, first noted in Puerto Rico in the 2000s, across the nation. But in Kensington, there could be more unintended consequences.

Xylazine withdrawal can cause intense anxiety and dysphoria, D’Orazio said, and the medications used to treat opioid withdrawal don’t work well for xylazine. That’s making the public health crisis worse. “People are avoiding the hospital because they feel like withdrawal can’t be well managed,” he said. “They go longer, and the disease gets worse before they come in.”

Sarah Laurel, who founded Savage Sisters during her own recovery, says people's pain needs to be treated. CNN

Dana, who came to Savage Sisters to get her wounds treated, said she was violently ill when in withdrawal from xylazine. “I’d rather come off fentanyl and heroin put together than xylazine,” she said.

There is also a fear that something even worse could replace the currently cheap and widespread xylazine if it becomes harder to get.

Neither D’Orazio nor Laurel think cutting supply will do much for people who are addicted and without homes in Kensington.

D’Orazio said there needed to be more affordable housing, more access to health care, fewer restrictions on drugs that treat addiction, and less stigma on what he says is a chronic disease, like diabetes. But he added there also needs to be more focus on prevention of drug use disorder, which means looking at mental health care. His patients tended to have suffered childhood trauma, like abuse and neglect. There needs to be more “early intervention for people with trauma in their life,” he said.

Maurice, whose voice has been hoarse since he was injected in the neck with tranq and fentanyl a couple of months ago, said: “A lot of people have pain from their past they’re dealing with, and they try to numb themselves.”

In conversations with CNN about why they’d come to Savage Sisters, several people brought up painful past experiences like rape or abuse almost immediately, as though those memories were simmering just below the surface. Maggie said that, at 66, “It’s been a long life, believe me, doing this sh*t … things I’ve got to face. I’ve got to get some kind of therapy. This thing happened to me when I was five years old that shouldn’t have happened to me.”

We need to stop isolating the substance and look beyond it Sarah Laurel, Savage Sisters

Laurel, herself a recovering heroin addict, calls everyone she meets and tries to help in Kensington her “friend.”

“The people that are out here numbing their pain with substances, whether it’s heroin, alcohol, cocaine, we need to address the pain, we need to stop isolating the substance and look beyond it,” she said.

Savage Sisters offers several mental health programs for people in its recovery houses, and Laurel says it’s very expensive, but worth it. She’s had to work hard to raise money. “Until it directly affects them, nobody cares. It’s ugly. It’s not a cute, fun thing to donate your money or time to, right? It’s hard. It’s rough. It’s sad. It’s painful. … I had to come up with ways to convince people that we’re worth saving.”

Some news organizations have called xylazine “the zombie drug.” Laurel hates that term. “The only way that you can get rid of a zombie is by killing their brain,” she said. “Why would you say that about my friends? Why would you say that about a human? It’s already hard enough trying to get people to care about us.”CNN —

People with elevated stress levels are more likely to experience a decline in cognitive function, a new study found, affecting their capacity to remember, concentrate and learn new things.

Stress is known to take a physical toll on the body, raising the risk of stroke, poor immune response and more. It can also drive people to unhealthy behaviors like smoking and poor physical activity.

The study, published Tuesday in JAMA Network Open, did find that participants with elevated stress levels were more likely to have uncontrolled cardiovascular risk factors and poor lifestyle factors.

But even after adjusting for many of these physical risk factors, people with elevated stress levels were 37% more likely to have poor cognition, the researchers found.

People who struggle with memory slips can be stressed because of the challenges that brings. But the new study suggests that the connection goes the other way, too, with feelings of stress leading to harmful effects on cognition, said Dr. Ambar Kulshreshtha, an associate professor of preventive medicine and epidemiology at Emory University and co-author of the study.

“Stress not only worsens your current cognition, but it can actually have harmful effects in the long-term as well,” he said.

The new research is based on data from a long-term, federally funded study that aimed to understand disparities in brain health, especially among Black people and those living in parts of the South known as the “stroke belt.” Thousands of participants were asked for a self-assessment of stress and surveyed with a standardized assessment of cognitive function, with regular check-ins for more than a decade.

The relationship between stress and cognitive function is a “vicious cycle,” said Dr. Amy Arnsten, a professor of neuroscience at Yale School of Medicine.

“These stress-signaling pathways get released and they rapidly impair the higher cognitive functions of the prefrontal cortex that includes things like working memory,” said Arnsten, who has researched how stress affects the brain but was not involved in the new study.

“With chronic stress, you actually lose gray matter in the prefrontal cortex, in sadly the exact regions that are involved with inhibiting the stress response and those areas that give you insight that you’re needing help.”

In the new study, the link between elevated stress and lower cognitive function was similar for both Black and White people – but Black participants reported higher levels of stress overall.

“Black individuals report greater exposure to chronic stressors, such as discrimination,” the study authors wrote. “This finding suggests that high levels of perceived stress increase the risk of cognitive decline regardless of race.”

Previous research has found that Black adults are about 50% more likely to have a stroke than white adults, and older Black people are about twice as likely to have Alzheimer’s or another dementia.

Stress has also been found to increase steadily with age, but the study showed that the link between stress and cognitive function was relatively consistent across ages. Study participants ranged in age from 45 to 98 at the time of their latest assessment.

Get CNN Health's weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team.

The chances of developing Alzheimer’s disease are higher for those with a family history, but it’s not the only risk factor.

There are about a dozen factors that have been identified as modifiable risk factors, or things that a person can change to lower their risk of developing dementia.

Stress should be considered one of those factors, Kulshreshtha said, and he and his fellow researchers called for regular screenings for stress in primary care settings – as well as targeted interventions – to help minimize that risk.

“For dementia, there’s barely a few treatments and they are so expensive and not readily available. So the best way to address dementia is by prevention,” Kulshreshtha said.

“Stress is ubiquitous. But there are tools to help with our ability to manage stress and reduce it.”CNN —

In a new study, most elite athletes with a diagnosed genetic heart disease did not experience serious or fatal symptoms of their condition, such as sudden cardiac death. The research suggests it can be “feasible” and “safe” for athletes to continue to participate in their sport.

Among a sample of 76 elite athletes with a genetic heart disease who had competed or are still competing in either Division I university or professional sports, 73 out of the 76 did not experience a cardiac event triggered by their disease during the study period, according to researchers behind a late-breaking clinical trial presented Monday at the American College of Cardiology’s Annual Scientific Session Together With the World Congress of Cardiology.

Among those elite athletes with a genetic heart disease, 40 of them – 52% – were asymptomatic, the study abstract finds.

Over the years, researchers have become more aware of alarming reports about elite athletes experiencing heart problems, or even suddenly collapsing during games.

“For athletes with genetic heart conditions, and I would add non-athletes, the tragedies occur when we don’t know of their condition,” said Dr. Michael Ackerman, a genetic cardiologist at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, who was a senior author of the new research. “When we know of their condition, and we assess the risk carefully and we treat it well, these athletes and non-athletes, they can expect to live and thrive despite their condition.”

The new research has not yet been published in a peer-reviewed journal, but the findings suggest that many athletes with a genetic heart disease can decide with their health care professionals on whether to continue competing in their sport and how to do so safely, instead of being automatically disqualified due to their health conditions.

“In sports, historically, we’ve been paternalistic and de-emphasize patient preference and risk tolerance, but we know that athletes come from all walks of life. They are intelligent and when there’s scientific uncertainty, their values should be incorporated in medical decision-making,” Dr. J. Sawalla Guseh, cardiologist at Massachusetts General Hospital, who was not involved in the new study, said during Monday’s scientific session.

“Shared decision-making when done well can have very favorable outcomes,” he said.

Athletes and heart risks

Elite basketball, hockey, soccer and football players, were among the 76 athletes included in the new study, conducted by researchers at Mayo Clinic and other institutions in the United States. They wrote in their study abstract that this is the first study to their knowledge describing the experience of athletes competing at the NCAA Division I level or in professional sports with a known genetic heart disease that puts them at risk of sudden cardiac death.

The athletes in the study were cleared for return-to-play at either a NCAA Division I school or at the professional level. They were studied over an average of seven years, and all had been diagnosed with a genetic heart disease in the past 20 years, being treated at either Mayo Clinic, Morristown Medical Center, Massachusetts General Hospital or Atrium Health Sports Cardiology Center.



“Only three of them had a breakthrough cardiac event, which means after they were diagnosed and treated, they were still having an event,” said Katherine Martinez, an undergraduate student at Loyola University in Baltimore, who helped conduct the research as an intern in the Mayo Clinic’s Windland Smith Rice Sudden Death Genomics Laboratory.

Fainting was the most common event, and one athlete received a shock with an implantable cardioverter defibrillator, or ICD. None of the athletes died.

“The majority of these athletes went on to continue their career with no events at all,” Martinez said. But most of the athletes in the study – 55 of them, or 72% – were initially disqualified from competing by their primary provider or institution after their diagnosis. Most ultimately opted to return to play with no restrictions after undergoing comprehensive clinical evaluations and talking with their doctors.

While each sports league has its own set of rules, historically, some people diagnosed with a genetic heart disease that puts them at an increased risk for sudden cardiac death have been restricted from competitive sports, the researchers wrote in their study abstract.

“Just because you were given this diagnosis, doesn’t mean that your life, your career, the future that you see for yourself is over, but taking a second opinion from an expert who knows what they’re doing and is comfortable with shared decision-making is the next step,” said Martinez, who worked on the new research alongside her father, Dr. Matthew Martinez, director of Atlantic Health System Sports Cardiology at Morristown Medical Center and an author of the new research.

Regarding the new study, “the take-home message is, if you have one of these findings, seek out an expert who’s going to help you identify a safe exercise plan for you and determine what level you can continue to safely participate in,” he said. “This is the next best step – the next evolution – of how we manage athletes with genetic heart disease.”

‘Do we need to take a closer look?’

Leaving their sport due to a genetic heart disease can be “very destructive” for athletes who have devoted their lives to excelling in competitions, said Dr. Lior Jankelson, director of the Inherited Arrhythmia Program at NYU Langone Heart in New York, who was not involved in the new research.

Yet he added that these athletes still need to consult with their doctors and be watched closely because some genetic diseases could be more likely to cause a serious cardiac event than others.

The new study highlights that “the majority of athletes with genetic heart disease could probably – after careful, meticulous expert risk-stratification and care strategy – participate in sports,” Jankelson said. “But at the same time, this is exactly the reason why these patients should be cared only in high-expertise genetic cardiology clinics, because there are other conditions that are genetic, that could respond very adversely to sports, and have a much higher risk profile of developing an arrhythmia during intense activity.”

Separately, the NCAA Sports Science Institute notes on its website, “Though many student-athletes with heart conditions can live active lives and not experience health-related problems, sudden fatality from a heart condition remains the leading medical cause of death in college athletes.”

For athletes with a genetic heart disease, their symptoms and their family history of cardiac events should be considered when determining their risks, said Dr. Jayne Morgan, a cardiologist with Piedmont Healthcare in Atlanta, who was not involved in the new research.

“Certainly, there is concern with elite athletes competing and whether or not they are being screened appropriately,” Morgan said. But she added that the new research offers “some understanding” to the mental health implications for athletes with a genetic heart disease who may be required to step away from a competitive sport that they love.

“This study, I think, begins to go a long way in identifying that we may not need to pull the trigger so quickly and have athletes step away from something that they love,” Morgan said.

Get CNN Health's weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team.

The new study is “timely” given the recent national attention on athletes and their risk of sudden cardiac death, Dr. Deepak Bhatt, director of Mount Sinai Heart in New York City, who was not involved in the research, said in an email.

“These are some of the best data showing that the risk of return to play may not be as high as we fear,” Bhatt said about the new research.

“Some caveats include that the majority of these athletes were not symptomatic and about a third had an implantable defibrillator,” he added. “Any decision to return to the athletic field should be made after a careful discussion of the potential risks, including ones that are hard to quantify. Input from experts in genetic cardiology and sports cardiology can be very helpful in these cases.”CNN —

For expectant parents Shakina Rajendram and Kevin Nadarajah, the doctor’s words were both definitive and devastating: Their twins were not “viable.”

“Even in that moment, as I was hearing those words come out of the doctor’s mouth, I could still feel the babies very much alive within me. And so for me, I just wasn’t able to comprehend how babies who felt very much alive within me could not be viable,” Rajendram recalled.

Adrial and Adiah at home with Shakina Rajendram and Kevin Nadarajah. Courtesy Shakina Rajendram

Still, she knew that there was no way she would be able to carry to term. She had begun bleeding, and the doctor said she would give birth soon. The parents-to-be were told that they would be able to hold their babies but that they would not be resuscitated, as they were too premature.

Rajendram, 35, and Nadarajah, 37, had married and settled in Ajax, Ontario, about 35 miles east of Toronto, to start a family. They had conceived once before, but the pregnancy was ectopic – outside the uterus – and ended after a few months.

As crushing as the doctor’s news was, Nadarajah said, they both refused to believe their babies would not make it. And so they scoured the Internet, finding information that both alarmed and encouraged them. The babies were at just 21 weeks and five days gestation; to have a chance, they would need to stay in the womb a day and a half longer, and Rajendram would have to go to a specialized hospital that could treat “micropreemies.”

The earlier a baby is born, the higher the risk of death or serious disability, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says. Babies born preterm, before 37 weeks gestation, can have breathing issues, digestive problems and brain bleeds. Development challenges and delays can also last a lifetime.

The problems can be especially severe for micropreemies, those born before 26 weeks gestation who weigh less than 26 ounces.

Research has found that infants born at 22 weeks who get active medical treatment have survival rates of 25% to 50%, according to a 2019 study.

Adrial was born weighing less than 15 ounces. Courtesy Shakina Rajendram

Rajendram and Nadarajah requested a transfer to Mount Sinai Hospital in Toronto, one of a limited number of medical centers in North America that provides resuscitation and active care at 22 weeks gestation.

Then, they say, they “prayed hard,” with Rajendram determined to keep the babies inside her just a few hours longer.

Just one hour after midnight on March 4, 2022, at 22 weeks gestation, Adiah Laelynn Nadarajah was born weighing under 12 ounces. Her brother, Adrial Luka Nadarajah, joined her 23 minutes later, weighing not quite 15 ounces.

According to Guinness World Records, the pair are both the most premature and lightest twins ever born. The previous record holders for premature twins were the Ewoldt twins, born in Iowa at the gestational age of 22 weeks, 1 day.

It is a record these parents say they want broken as soon as possible so more babies are given the opportunity to survive.

“They were perfect in every sense to us,” Rajendram said. “They were born smaller than the palm of our hands. People still don’t believe us when we tell them.”

‘They’re definitely miracles’

The babies were born at just the right time to be eligible to receive proactive care, resuscitation, nutrition and vital organ support, according to Mount Sinai Hospital. Even an hour earlier, the care team may not have been able to intervene medically.

“We just didn’t really understand why that strict cut off at 22, but we know that the hospital had their reasons. They were in uncharted territory, and I know that they had to possibly create some parameters around what they could do,” Rajendram said.

“They’re definitely miracles,” Nadarajah said as he described seeing the twins in the neonatal intensive care unit for the first time and trying to come to terms with what they would go through in their fight to survive.

“I had challenging feelings, conflicting feelings, seeing how tiny they were on one hand, feeling the joy of seeing two babies on the second hand. I was thinking, ‘how much pain they are in?’ It was so conflicting. They were so tiny,” he said.

These risks and setbacks are common in the lives of micropreemies.

Dr. Prakesh Shah, the pediatrician-in-chief at Mount Sinai Hospital, said he was straightforward with the couple about the challenges ahead for their twins.

He warned of a struggle just to keep Adiah and Adrial breathing, let alone feed them.

The babies weighed little more than a can of soda, with their organs visible through translucent skin. The needle used to give them nutrition was less than 2 millimeters in diameter, about the size of a thin knitting needle.

“At some stage, many of us would have felt that, ‘is this the right thing to do for these babies?’ These babies were in significant pain, distress, and their skin was peeling off. Even removing surgical tape would mean that their skin would peel off,” Shah told CNN.

But what their parents saw gave them hope.

Kevin Nadarajah sings to Adiah. Courtesy Shakina Rajendram

“We could see through their skin. We could see their hearts beating,” Rajendram said.

They had to weigh all the risks of going forward and agreeing to more and more medical intervention. There could be months or even years of painful, difficult treatment ahead, along with the long-term risks of things like muscle development problems, cerebral palsy, language delays, cognitive delays, blindness and deafness.

Rajendram and Nadarajah did not dare hope for another miracle, but they say they knew their babies were fighters, and they resolved to give them a chance at life.

“The strength that Kevin and I had as parents, we had to believe that our babies had that same strength, that they have that same resilience. And so yes, they would have to go through pain, and they’re going to continue going through difficult moments, even through their adult life, not only as premature babies. But we believed that they would have a stronger resolve, a resilience that would enable them to get through those painful moments in the NICU,” Rajendram said.

There were painful setbacks over nearly half a year of treatment in the hospital, especially in the first few weeks.

“There were several instances in the early days where we were asked about withdrawing care, that’s just a fact, and so those were the moments where we just rallied in prayer, and we saw a turnaround,” Nadarajah said.

Twins could be trailblazers

Adiah spent 161 days in the hospital and went home on August 11, six days before her brother, Adrial, joined her there.

Adrial’s road has been a bit more difficult. He has been hospitalized three more times with various infections, sometimes spending weeks in the hospital.

Both siblings continue with specialist checkups and various types of therapy several times a month.

But the new parents are finally more at ease, celebrating their babies’ homecoming and learning all they can about their personalities.

The twins are now meeting many of the milestones of babies for their “corrected age,” where they would be if they were born at full-term.

“The one thing that really surprised me, when both of them were ready to go home, both of them went home without oxygen, no feeding tube, nothing, they just went home. They were feeding on their own and maintaining their oxygen,” Shah said.

Adiah is now very social and has long conversations with everyone she meets. Their parents describe Adrial as wise for his years, curious and intelligent, with a love of music.

“We feel it’s very important to highlight that contrary to what was expected of them, our babies are happy, healthy, active babies who are breathing and feeding on their own, rolling over, babbling all the time, growing well, playing, and enjoying life as babies,” Rajendram said.

These parents hope their story will inspire other families and health professionals to reassess the issue of viability before 22 weeks gestation, even when confronted with sobering survival rates and risks of long-term disability.

Get CNN Health's weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team.

“Even five years ago, we would not have gone for it, if it was not for the better help we can now provide,” Shah said, adding that medical teams are using life-sustaining technology in a better way than in previous years. “It’s allowing us to sustain these babies, helping keep oxygen in their bodies, the role of carbon dioxide, without causing lung injury.”

Adiah and Adrial’s parents say they’re not expecting perfect children with perfect health but are striving to provide the best possible life for them.

“This journey has empowered us to advocate for the lives of other preterm infants like Adiah and Adrial, who would not be alive today if the boundaries of viability had not been challenged by their health care team,” Rajendram said.CNN —

The Biden administration is monitoring what experts say is the deadliest outbreak of bird flu that the US has ever seen, and officials are considering a “range of options” on how to respond.

The outbreak is not currently considered a serious threat to human health, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.

Globally, there have only been a handful of cases of avian flu in humans, mostly in people who had direct contact with infected birds or with surfaces contaminated with their excretions. There was one human case last year in the United States, a Colorado man who got sick after culling infected birds. He was isolated and treated with an antiviral.

More than 860 total cases of bird flu have been reported among humans in 19 countries since 2003, and more than half of those cases were fatal, according to the CDC.

World Health Organization Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said in February that the risk to humans still remains low. But given the large number of infected birds, he added, “we cannot assume that will remain the case.”

There have been 6,356 cases in wild birds in all 50 states, according to the CDC, but there are probably many more. In 47 states, there have been multiple outbreaks among poultry, involving more than 58.6 million birds. It has also shown up in noncommercial backyard flocks, according to the US Department of Agriculture.

The disease has shown up in other animals in the US, too, including bears, foxes, raccoon, possums, mountain lions, bobcats and even a bottlenose dolphin. As the virus moves through mammals, chances go up that it could mutate and spread more easily among humans.

The CDC is able to watch for the virus in communities through the labs it uses to monitor more typical flu viruses. The agency also told CNN that it is also exploring whether manufacturers might want to make commercial tests for these viruses more broadly available.

The Biden administration said it has also been watching the situation carefully.

“As a part of the administration’s focus on addressing any infectious disease with urgency and preparedness, we continue to monitor the avian flu outbreak. There are a range of options the United States regularly considers when there is any outbreak that could affect the security and safety of the United States’ food supply,” a National Security Council official told CNN.

“Right now, we are focused on promoting and enhancing high-impact biosafety practices and procedures.”

Biosafety procedures typically include enhanced disinfection practices for people who work with birds. In November, the CDC recommended that people who interact with birds that look sick – even in backyard flocks – should wear disposable gloves, boots, eye protection and an N95 respirator or a face mask.

“CDC continues to take any threat of infectious disease seriously and assesses the avian flu’s current risk to humans as very low. The Department of Agriculture continues to respond quickly whenever the virus is detected among bird populations,” the National Security Council official said.

The CDC says the risk assessment tool that it uses to understand a virus’ potential as a pandemic risk determined that if these H5N1 viruses were to mutate into a version that could spread easily and efficiently in people, the pandemic risk is “moderate,” and the public health impact of such an event also would be of moderate severity.

“This is why it’s so important that both the public health and animal health side take precautions to limit exposures among animal species and between animals and people, and thus limit the chances that some type of virus reassortment event that may allow these viruses to infect people easily and spread easily between people,” the agency said in an email to CNN.

General precautions include containing animal outbreaks and limiting exposure for the public. That includes avoiding close contact with sick birds, cooking poultry fully and not eating raw eggs.

Another precaution is to take steps toward a vaccine, just in case, and there are efforts under way.

Exploring vaccines for humans and animals

Scott Hensley, a professor of microbiology at the University of Pennsylvania, and colleagues have been working on a vaccine candidate that could be used in humans if the virus started circulating among people.

“We think that the vaccine will elicit very high levels of neutralizing antibodies against this specific strain because it’s basically perfectly matched to what’s circulating now,” Hensley said.

The vaccine seems to work well in the lab, he said, and the researchers plan to test it on chickens this spring.

The CDC says it recently produced a candidate vaccine virus, an influenza virus that manufacturers can use to make a vaccine, that is nearly identical to a viral protein detected in birds and mammals. It could be used to produce a vaccine for people “if needed.”

“Such a vaccine would be expected to provide good protections against circulating H5N1 viruses,” the CDC said. The agency said it has shared this with vaccine manufacturers.

For years, the Southeast Poultry Research Laboratory, a division of the US Department of Agriculture, has also been working on a vaccine for potential emergency use in animals. There may be an advantage to vaccinating poultry to reduce the chances that the virus could mutate.

Vaccinating poultry against avian flu, is “not something that’s really done in our country, but I think it’s time to think about that for sure,” Hensley said.

Farm animals, including birds, are already vaccinated for other diseases. Chickens, for example, routinely get vaccinated for Marek’s disease, which caused by a herpesvirus. They’re also vaccinated against Newcastle disease, a respiratory illness; infectious bronchitis; and acute necrotic proventriculitis, a viral disease that affects the immune system.

Avian flu may someday be included in that list, according to a spokesperson for the USDA.

“In the interest of leaving no stone unturned in the fight against (highly pathogenic avian flu), USDA continues to research vaccine options that can protect poultry from this persistent threat,” the spokesperson told CNN.

Vaccination, though, is not the first option.

Get CNN Health's weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team.

“From vaccine development to production timelines to dissemination to flocks, there are many factors that make implementing a vaccine strategy a challenge, and it would take time to deliver an effective vaccine,” the USDA said.

So first and foremost, “we are pursuing collaborative efforts with poultry farmers and companies on education, training, and implementation of comprehensive biosecurity measures. Biosecurity is the best and most prudent approach we have to mitigate the impact of the disease today.”CNN —

The US Food and Drug Administration approved a new nasal spray as a rapid treatment for migraine pain in adults.

The nasal spray zavegepant, sold as Zavzpret, may relieve pain and other bothersome migraine symptoms as soon as 15 minutes after use, drugmaker Pfizer said in a news release. The drug is expected to be available in pharmacies in July 2023, the company said.

There are already a number of different types of medications available to treat migraines, including several kinds of nasal sprays. Zavzpret is the first to work by blocking the calcitonin gene-related peptide, CGRP, a protein that is released in the brain that contributes to inflammation. Several pills block CGRP, but many people with migraines experience significant nausea and can’t tolerate medications they have to swallow.

Zavzpret is also an alternative for people who have heart disease or other conditions that prevent them from being able to safely use other kinds of migraine treatments.

In two studies where people with migraines didn’t know if they were getting the drug or a placebo, Zavzpret was more effective at relieving migraine pain within two hours compared with a nasal spray without any active ingredients.

In one study published in the journal The Lancet Neurology, about 24% of people who took a single 10 milligram dose of Zavzpret reported they had no pain two hours later, compared with 15% of the group who got a nasal spray without any active ingredients, a difference that was statistically significant. The main side effect reported in the study was an altered sense of taste, which affected about 1 in 5 people who took the drug. Other side effects were nasal discomfort and nausea.

Get CNN Health's weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team.

“When a migraine hits, it has a significant negative impact on a person’s daily life,” Dr. Kathleen Mullin, the associate medical director at New England Institute for Neurology & Headache who has studied the drug, said in the news release from Pfizer. “Among my migraine patients, one of the most important attributes of an acute treatment option is how quickly it works. As a nasal spray with rapid drug absorption, Zavzpret offers an alternative treatment option for people who need pain relief or cannot take oral medications due to nausea or vomiting, so they can get back to normal function quickly.”



Migraines are estimated to affect more than 10% of people globally, and they’re about three times more common in women than in men. They often involve throbbing pain in the head that can last for hours or days, and may involve sensitivity to light or sound, nausea, vomiting or visual disturbances.When Paula Chestnut needed hip replacement surgery last year, a pre-operative X-ray found irregularities in her chest.

As a smoker for 40 years, Chestnut was at high risk for lung cancer. A specialist in Los Angeles recommended the 67-year-old undergo an MRI, a high-resolution image that could help spot the disease.

But her MRI appointment kept getting canceled, Chestnut’s son, Jaron Roux, told KHN. First, it was scheduled at the wrong hospital. Next, the provider wasn’t available. The ultimate roadblock she faced, Roux said, arrived when Chestnut’s health insurer deemed the MRI medically unnecessary and would not authorize the visit.

“On at least four or five occasions, she called me up, hysterical,” Roux said.

Months later, Chestnut, struggling to breathe, was rushed to the emergency room. A tumor in her chest had become so large that it was pressing against her windpipe. Doctors started a regimen of chemotherapy, but it was too late. Despite treatment, she died in the hospital within six weeks of being admitted.

Though Roux doesn’t fully blame the health insurer for his mother’s death, “it was a contributing factor,” he said. “It limited her options.”

Few things about the American health care system infuriate patients and doctors more than prior authorization, a common tool whose use by insurers has exploded in recent years.

Prior authorization, or pre-certification, was designed decades ago to prevent doctors from ordering expensive tests or procedures that are not indicated or needed, with the aim of delivering cost-effective care.

Originally focused on the costliest types of care, such as cancer treatment, insurers now commonly require prior authorization for many mundane medical encounters, including basic imaging and prescription refills. In a 2021 survey conducted by the American Medical Association, 40% of physicians said they have staffers who work exclusively on prior authorization.

So today, instead of providing a guardrail against useless, expensive treatment, pre-authorization prevents patients from getting the vital care they need, researchers and doctors say.

“The prior authorization system should be completely done away with in physicians’ offices,” said Dr. Shikha Jain, a Chicago hematologist-oncologist. “It’s really devastating, these unnecessary delays.”

In December, the federal government proposed several changes that would force health plans, including Medicaid, Medicare Advantage, and federal Affordable Care Act marketplace plans, to speed up prior authorization decisions and provide more information about the reasons for denials. Starting in 2026, it would require plans to respond to a standard prior authorization request within seven days, typically, instead of the current 14, and within 72 hours for urgent requests. The proposed rule was scheduled to be open for public comment through March 13.

Although groups like AHIP, an industry trade group formerly called America’s Health Insurance Plans, and the American Medical Association, which represents more than 250,000 physicians in the United States, have expressed support for the proposed changes, some doctors feel they don’t go far enough.

“Seven days is still way too long,” said Dr. Julie Kanter, a hematologist in Birmingham, Alabama, whose sickle cell patients can’t delay care when they arrive at the hospital showing signs of stroke. “We need to move very quickly. We have to make decisions.”

Meanwhile, some states have passed their own laws governing the process. In Oregon, for example, health insurers must respond to nonemergency prior authorization requests within two business days. In Michigan, insurers must report annual prior authorization data, including the number of requests denied and appeals received. Other states have adopted or are considering similar legislation, while in many places insurers regularly take four to six weeks for non-urgent appeals.

Waiting for health insurers to authorize care comes with consequences for patients, various studies show. It has led to delays in cancer care in Pennsylvania, meant sick children in Colorado were more likely to be hospitalized, and blocked low-income patients across the country from getting treatment for opioid addiction.

In some cases, care has been denied and never obtained. In others, prior authorization proved a potent but indirect deterrent, as few patients have the fortitude, time, or resources to navigate what can be a labyrinthine process of denials and appeals. They simply gave up, because fighting denials often requires patients to spend hours on the phone and computer to submit multiple forms.

Erin Conlisk, a social science researcher for the University of California-Riverside, estimated she spent dozens of hours last summer trying to obtain prior authorization for a 6-mile round-trip ambulance ride to get her mother to a clinic in San Diego.

Her 81-year-old mother has rheumatoid arthritis and has had trouble sitting up, walking, or standing without help after she damaged a tendon in her pelvis last year.

Conlisk thought her mom’s case was clear-cut, especially since they had successfully scheduled an ambulance transport a few weeks earlier to the same clinic. But the ambulance didn’t show on the day Conlisk was told it would. No one notified them the ride hadn’t been pre-authorized.

The time it takes to juggle a prior authorization request can also perpetuate racial disparities and disproportionately affect those with lower-paying, hourly jobs, said Dr. Kathleen McManus, a physician-scientist at the University of Virginia.

“When people ask for an example of structural racism in medicine, this is one that I give them,” McManus said. “It’s baked into the system.”

Research that McManus and her colleagues published in 2020 found that federal Affordable Care Act marketplace insurance plans in the South were 16 times more likely to require prior authorization for HIV prevention drugs than those in the Northeast. The reason for these regional disparities is unknown. But she said that because more than half the nation’s Black population lives in the South, they’d be the patients more likely to face this barrier.

Many of the denied claims are reversed if a patient appeals, according to the federal government. New data specific to Medicare Advantage plans found 82% of appeals resulted in fully or partially overturning the initial prior authorization denial, according to KFF.

It’s not just patients who are confused and frustrated by the process. Doctors said they find the system convoluted and time-consuming, and feel as if their expertise is being challenged.

“I lose hours of time that I really don’t have to argue … with someone who doesn’t even really know what I’m talking about,” said Kanter, the hematologist in Birmingham. “The people who are making these decisions are rarely in your field of medicine.”

Occasionally, she said, it’s more efficient to send patients to the emergency room than it is to negotiate with their insurance plan to pre-authorize imaging or tests. But emergency care costs both the insurer and the patient more.

“It’s a terrible system,” she said.

A KFF analysis of 2021 claims data found that 9% of all in-network denials by Affordable Care Act plans on the federal exchange, healthcare.gov, were attributed to lack of prior authorization or referrals, but some companies are more likely to deny a claim for these reasons than others. In Texas, for example, the analysis found 22% of all denials made by Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Texas and 24% of all denials made by Celtic Insurance Co. were based on lack of prior authorization.

Facing scrutiny, some insurers are revising their prior authorization policies. UnitedHealthcare has cut the number of prior authorizations in half in recent years by eliminating the need for patients to obtain permission for some diagnostic procedures, like MRIs and CT scans, said company spokesperson Heather Soules. Health insurers have also adopted artificial intelligence technology to speed up prior authorization decisions.

Get CNN Health's weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team.

Meanwhile, most patients have no means of avoiding the burdensome process that has become a defining feature of American health care. But even those who have the time and energy to fight back may not get the outcome they hoped for.

When the ambulance never showed in July, Conlisk and her mother’s caregiver decided to drive the patient to the clinic in the caregiver’s car.

“She almost fell outside the office,” said Conlisk, who needed the assistance of five bystanders to move her mother safely into the clinic.

When her mother needed an ambulance for another appointment in September, Conlisk vowed to spend only one hour a day, for two weeks leading up to the clinic visit, working to get prior authorization. Her efforts were unsuccessful. Once again, her mother’s caregiver drove her to the clinic himself.Sign up for CNN’s Wonder Theory science newsletter. Explore the universe with news on fascinating discoveries, scientific advancements and more.

CNN —

What if doctors could just print a kidney, using cells from the patient, instead of having to find a donor match and hope the patient’s body doesn’t reject the transplanted kidney?

The soonest that could happen is in a decade, thanks to 3D organ bioprinting, said Jennifer Lewis, a professor at Harvard University’s Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering. Organ bioprinting is the use of 3D-printing technologies to assemble multiple cell types, growth factors and biomaterials in a layer-by-layer fashion to produce bioartificial organs that ideally imitate their natural counterparts, according to a 2019 study.

This type of regenerative medicine is in the development stage, and the driving force behind this innovation is “real human need,” Lewis said.

In the United States, there are 106,800 men, women and children on the national organ transplant waiting list as of March 8, 2023, according to the Health Resources & Services Administration. However, living donors provide only around 6,000 organs per year on average, and there are about 8,000 deceased donors annually who each provide 3.5 organs on average.

The cause of this discrepancy is “a combination of people who undergo catastrophic health events, but their organs aren’t high enough quality to donate, or they’re not on the organ donor list to begin with, and the fact that it’s actually very difficult to find a good match” so the patient’s body doesn’t reject the transplanted organ, Lewis said.

And even though living donors are an option, “to do surgery on someone who doesn’t need it” is a big risk, said Dr. Anthony Atala, director of the Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine. “So, living related donors are usually not the preferred way to go because then you’re taking an organ away from somebody else who may need it, especially now as we age longer.”

Atala and his colleagues were responsible for growing human bladders in a lab by hand in 2006, and implanting a complicated internal organ into people for the first time — saving the lives of three children in whom they implanted the bladders.

A bladder scaffold is seeded with cells at the Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine. Courtesy Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine

Every day, 17 people die waiting for an organ transplant, according to the Health Resources & Services Administration. And every 10 minutes, another person is added to the waitlist, the agency says. More than 90% of the people on the transplant list in 2021 needed a kidney.

“About a million people worldwide are in need of a kidney. So they have end-stage renal failure, and they have to go on dialysis,” Lewis said. “Once you go on dialysis, you have essentially five years to live, and every year, your mortality rate increases by 15%. Dialysis is very hard on your body. So this is really motivating to take on this grand challenge of printing organs.”

“Anti-hypertensive pills are not scarce. Everybody who needs them can get them,” Martine Rothblatt, CEO and chairman of United Therapeutics, said in June 2022 at the Life Itself conference, a health and wellness event presented in partnership with CNN. United Therapeutics was one of the conference sponsors.

“There is no practical reason why anybody who needs a kidney — or a lung, a heart, a liver — should not be able to get one,” she added. “We’re using technology to solve this problem.”

Printing organs 101

To begin the process of bioprinting an organ, doctors typically start with a patient’s own cells. They take a small needle biopsy of an organ or do a minimally invasive surgical procedure that removes a small piece of tissue, “less than half the size of a postage stamp,” Atala said. “By taking this small piece of tissue, we are able to tease cells apart (and) we grow and expand the cells outside the body.”

This growth happens inside a sterile incubator or bioreactor, a pressurized stainless steel vessel that helps the cells stay fed with nutrients — called “media” — the doctors feed them every 24 hours, since cells have their own metabolism, Lewis said. Each cell type has a different media, and the incubator or bioreactor acts as an oven-like device mimicking the internal temperature and oxygenation of the human body, Atala said.

“Then we mix it with this gel, which is like a glue,” Atala said. “Every organ in your body has the cells and the glue that holds it together. Basically, that’s also called ‘extracellular matrix.’”

This glue is Atala’s nickname for bioink, a printable mixture of living cells, water-rich molecules called hydrogels, and the media and growth factors that help the cells continue to proliferate and differentiate, Lewis said. The hydrogels mimic the human body’s extracellular matrix, which contains substances including proteins, collagen and hyaluronic acid.

The non-cell sample portion of the glue can be made in a lab, and “is going to have the same properties of the tissue you’re trying to replace,” Atala said.

The biomaterials used typically have to be nontoxic, biodegradable and biocompatible to avoid a negative immune response, Lewis said. Collagen and gelatin are two of the most common biomaterials used for bioprinting tissues or organs.

The printing process

From there, doctors load each bioink — depending on how many cell types they’re wanting to print — into a printing chamber, “using a printhead and nozzle to extrude an ink and build the material up layer by layer,” Lewis said. Creating tissue with personalized properties is enabled by printers being programmed with a patient’s imaging data from X-rays or scans, Atala said.

“With a color printer you have several different cartridges, and each cartridge is printing a different color, and you come up with your (final) color,” Atala added. Bioprinting is the same; you’re just using cells instead of traditional inks.

How long the printing process takes depends on several factors, including the organ or tissue being printed, the fineness of the resolution and the number of printheads needed, Lewis said. But it typically lasts a few to several hours. The time from the biopsy to the implantation is about four to six weeks, Atala said.

A 3D printer seeds different types of cells onto a kidney scaffold at the Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine. Courtesy Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine

The ultimate challenge is “getting the organs to actually function as they should,” so accomplishing that “is the holy grail,” Lewis said.

“Just like if you were to harvest an organ from a donor, you have to immediately get that organ into a bioreactor and start perfusing it or the cells die,” she added. To perfuse an organ is to supply it with fluid, usually blood or a blood substitute, by circulating it through blood vessels or other channels.

Depending on the organ’s complexity, there is sometimes a need to mature the tissue further in a bioreactor or further drive connections, Lewis said. “There’s just a number of plumbing issues and challenges that have to be done in order to make that printed organ actually function like a human organ would in vivo (meaning in the body). And honestly, this has not been fully solved yet.”

Once a bioprinted organ is implanted into a patient, it will naturally degrade over time — which is OK since that’s how it’s designed to work.

“You’re probably wondering, ‘Well, then what happens to the tissue? Will it fall apart?’ Actually, no,” Atala said. “These glues dissolve, and the cells sense that the bridge is giving way; they sense that they don’t have a firm footing anymore. So cells do what they do in your very own body, which is to create their own bridge and create their own glue.”

Remaining challenges

Atala and Lewis are conservative in their estimates about the number of years remaining before fully functioning bioprinted organs can be implanted into humans.

“The field’s moving fast, but I mean, I think we’re talking about a decade plus, even with all of the tremendous progress that’s been made,” Lewis said.

“I learned so many years ago never to predict because you’ll always be wrong,” Atala said. “There’s so many factors in terms of manufacturing and the (US Food and Drug Administration regulation). At the end of the day, our interest, of course, is to make sure the technologies are safe for the patient above all.”

Whenever bioprinting organs becomes an available option, affordability for patients and their caregivers shouldn’t be an issue.

They’ll be “accessible for sure,” Atala said. “The costs associated with organ failures are very high. Just to keep a patient on dialysis is over a quarter of a million dollars per year, just to keep one patient on dialysis. So, it’s a lot cheaper to create an organ that you can implant into the patient.”

The average kidney transplant cost was $442,500 in 2020, according to research published by the American Society of Nephrology — while 3D printers retail for around a few thousand dollars to upward of $100,000, depending on their complexity. But even though low-cost printers are available, pricey parts of bioprinting can include maintaining cell banks for patients, culturing cells and safely handling biological materials, Lewis said.

Some of the major costs of current organ transplantation are “harvesting the organ from the donor, the transport costs and then, of course, the surgery that the recipient goes through, and then all the care and monitoring,” Lewis said. “Some of that cost would still be in play, even if it was bioprinted.”CNN —

A new recommendation from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says all adults should be screened at least once in their lifetime for hepatitis B, an illness that’s linked to liver disease and cancer.

The agency estimates 580,000 to 2.4 million people live with hepatitis B, known as HBV, and two-thirds might not know about their infection. Many people infected with hepatitis B clear the virus, but acute infection can lead to chronic hepatitis B, which is linked to increased risk of liver cancer and cirrhosis. People with chronic hepatitis B are 70 to 85% more likely to die early.

“Chronic HBV infection can lead to substantial morbidity and mortality but is detectable before the development of severe liver disease using reliable and inexpensive screening tests,” the agency said in a report released Thursday.

Hepatitis B spreads through contact with infected blood or bodily fluids, which can occur through sex, injecting drugs, or during pregnancy or delivery.

The CDC’s previous recommendation was made in 2008 and urged testing for people at high risk. Now, the agency recommends screening for everyone 18 and older at least once. The agency continues to recommend that pregnant people be screened during each pregnancy, regardless of whether they’ve been vaccinated or tested in the past. People at high risk – including those who are incarcerated, have multiple sex partners or have a history of hepatitis C infection – should be tested periodically.

The symptoms of acute hepatitis B infection can include fever, fatigue, abdominal pain, dark urine and jaundice, among others; these signs can take months to appear and can last for weeks or months, but most people clear the infection. People who progress to develop chronic hepatitis B often feel fine and don’t have symptoms, sometimes for decades. But if symptoms do appear, they can look like the acute infection – and may be a sign of advanced liver disease.

Get CNN Health's weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team.

Several medications are available to treat people with chronic hepatitis B. There is also a highly effective vaccine against hepatitis B.

“Although a curative treatment is not yet available, early diagnosis and treatment of chronic HBV infections reduces the risk for cirrhosis, liver cancer, and death,” the CDC said. “Along with vaccination strategies, universal screening of adults and appropriate testing of persons at increased risk for HBV infection will improve health outcomes, reduce the prevalence of HBV infection in the United States, and advance viral hepatitis elimination goals.”CNN —

Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the 89-year-old California Democrat, recently announced she is out of the hospital and recovering at home from shingles, a painful viral inflammation in the skin’s nerves that causes a blistering rash lasting for two to four weeks. Feinstein was diagnosed in February and hospitalized in San Francisco last week.

Shingles, also called herpes zoster, is caused by the varicella-zoster virus — which is the same virus responsible for chickenpox. Varicella zoster is also responsible for a rare condition called Ramsay Hunt syndrome that caused pop star Justin Bieber’s face to become partially paralyzed in June 2022.

“As you can see, this eye is not blinking. I can’t smile on this side of my face. This nostril will not move,” Bieber said at the time in answer to fans who wondered why he had canceled performances.

What are the symptoms of shingles?

Painful skin is one of first signs of shingles, and for some people, the pain is intense. It can create a burning sensation, or the skin can tingle or be sensitive to touch, according to the Mayo Clinic. Shingles can occur at other places on the body, such as the face and scalp, but the most common presentation is on the torso on one side of the body.

A red rash will begin to develop at the site of the pain within a few days. The rash often begins as a small, painful patch, which then spreads like “a stripe of blisters that wraps around either the left or right side of the torso,” the Mayo Clinic said.

Shingles, also called herpes zoster, is a painful viral inflammation that can cause a blistering skin rash. Photohasan/Adobe Stock

In rare cases, the rash may become more widespread and look similar to a chickenpox rash, typically in people with weakened immune systems, according to the US Centers of Disease Control and Prevention.

In addition to pain, some people may develop chills, fatigue, fever, headache, upset stomach and sensitivity to light. See a doctor if you are over 50, have a weakened immune system, the rash is widespread and painful, or the pain and rash occur near an eye.

“If left untreated, this infection may lead to permanent eye damage,” according to the Mayo Clinic.

Is shingles contagious?

The varicella-zoster virus is highly contagious when in the blister stage, spreading through direct contact with the fluid from blisters and via viral particles in the air.

However, you cannot get shingles from someone who has shingles. If you aren’t vaccinated for chickenpox or haven’t previously had it and are infected by that person, you will develop chickenpox, which then puts you at risk for shingles later in life, the CDC said.

If you have shingles, you can prevent the spread of the virus by covering the rash and not touching or scratching the raised vesicles that form the rash, the CDC stated. Wash your hands often.

“People with shingles cannot spread the virus before their rash blisters appear or after the rash crusts,” the CDC said.

If the rash is covered, the risk of transmission “is low,” the CDC said. “People with chickenpox are more likely to spread (the virus) than people with shingles.”

What is the treatment for shingles?

If you think you have shingles, call a doctor as soon as you can, the CDC recommended. If caught early, there are antiviral medications, including acyclovir, valacyclovir and famciclovir, that can shorten the length and severity of the illness.

“These medicines are most effective if you start taking them as soon as possible after the rash appears,” the CDC said.

Doctors may also suggest over-the-counter or prescription pain medication for the burning and pain, while calamine lotion, wet compresses and oatmeal baths may ease itching.

For older adults, the population most likely to develop shingles, the best treatment is prevention. The US Food and Drug Administration approved a two-dose vaccine called Shingrix in 2017 for people 50 and older.

“Shingrix is also recommended for adults 19 years and older who have weakened immune systems because of disease or therapy,” the CDC said.

Shingrix, which is not based on a live virus, is more than 90% effective in encouraging the aging immune system to recognize and be ready to fight the virus, according to its manufacturer, GlaxoSmithKline.

Anyone who has had a severe allergic reaction to a dose of Shingrix or is allergic to any of the components of the vaccine should avoid it, the CDC said.

“People who currently have shingles, and women who are pregnant or breastfeeding, should wait to get Shingrix,” the CDC said.

Another vaccine called Zostavax, which the FDA approved for people over 50 in 2006, is 51% effective in preventing shingles, according to the CDC. Zostavax is based on a live virus, the same approach used for the chickenpox vaccine recommended in childhood. It has not been sold in the United States since November 2020.

What is the connection to chickenpox?

If you have never had chickenpox, you can’t get shingles. However, once you’ve had chickenpox, the virus remains inactive in the spine’s sensory neurons, possibly erupting years later as shingles.

Two doses of a chickenpox vaccine for children, teens and adults, introduced in 1995, is 100% effective at preventing a severe case of chickenpox, according to the CDC. Immunity lasts 10 to 20 years, the CDC noted.

In the small number of people who still get chickenpox after vaccination, the illness is typically milder, with few or no blisters.

The CDC recommends the vaccine be given to children in two doses, the first between 12 and 15 months and a second one between 4 and 6 years. Anyone 13 years old and older who has no evidence of immunity can get two doses four to eight weeks apart, the CDC said.

Some people should not get the vaccine, including pregnant women, people with certain blood disorders or those on prolonged immunosuppressive therapy, and those with a moderate or severe illness, among others.

Complications from shingles

About 1 in 10 people will develop a painful and possibly debilitating condition called postherpetic neuralgia, or long-term nerve pain. All other signs of the rash can be gone, but the area is extremely painful to touch. Less often, itching or numbness can occur.

The condition rarely affects people under 40, the CDC said. Older adults are most likely to have more severe pain that lasts longer than a younger person with shingles. For some, the nerve pain can be devastating.

“Five years later, I still take prescription medication for pain,” said a 63-year-old harpist who shared his story on the CDC website. “My shingles rash quickly developed into open, oozing sores that in only a few days required me to be hospitalized.

“I could not eat, sleep, or perform even the most minor tasks. It was totally debilitating. The pain still limits my activity levels to this day,” said the musician, who has been unable to continue playing the harp due to pain.CNN —

The millions of Norway rats that live alongside New Yorkers are among the animals that can catch the virus that causes Covid-19, a new study says. However, reports of the virus spreading from any types of animals to humans remain rare.

Pets like cats, dogs and hamsters; zoo animals such as big cats, primates and hippos; farmed mink; and wildlife such as deer and anteaters are among the animals in which Covid-19 infections have been reported. For the study, published Thursday in the American Academy of Microbiology’s journal mBio, the researchers captured 79 rats from three sites in Brooklyn in fall 2021 and tested them for exposure to SARS-CoV-2.

“Most of the rats were trapped in city parks within Brooklyn, although some were captured near buildings outside of park boundaries,” study co-author Dr. Tom DeLiberto, SARS-CoV-2 coordinator with the US Department of Agriculture’s Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, said in a news release.

Thirteen, or 16.5%, of the 79 rats were found to have IgG or IgM antibodies against the virus, suggesting a previous infection with SARS-CoV-2.

“A number of studies have suggested that fragments of SARS-CoV-2 genomes were identified in sewage water systems, and that the prevalence of SARS-CoV-2 in sewage water systems coincides with outbreaks in resident human populations,” the researchers note. “However, no evidence has shown that SARS-CoV-2 viruses in sewage water are infectious, suggesting that sewage rats may have been exposed to the virus through airborne transmission, e.g. overlapping living spaces with humans or indirect transmission from unknown fomites, e.g. contaminated food waste.”

Two rats had positive blood tests as well as carrying viral RNA, “implying that previously exposed seropositive animals may still contract and shed SARS-Co-V-2,” the study says.

Genomic analyses showed that the viruses infecting the rats were associated with the B-lineage strain that was dominant in the city early in the Covid-19 pandemic.

To look deeper, the researchers also conducted a virus challenge study and found that the Alpha, Delta and Omicron variants of the coronavirus can infect lab rats.

Other research has found that rats in Hong Kong may have been exposed to the coronavirus, but the new study is thought to be one of the first to show that variants can infect urban rats, said Dr. Henry Wan, the study’s principal investigator and director of the Center for Influenza and Emerging Infectious Diseases at the University of Missouri, in the release.

The findings show the need for continued monitoring of rat populations to watch for the evolution of new strains of the virus, Wan says, “and it’s important that we continue to increase our understanding so we can protect both human and animal health.”

Although cases in which humans spread the virus to animals have been well-documented, reports of infected mammals spreading the virus to humans through close contact are rare, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. “There is no evidence that animals play a significant role” in spreading the virus to people, the agency says.

The findings won’t change what people do, and humans remain far more likely to catch Covid-19 from other humans than from animals, said Dr. J. Scott Weese, director of the Centre for Public Health and Zoonoses at the University of Guelph in Canada, who was not involved in the new research.

However, the study is a good reminder that the virus continues to circulate, he said, “and it’s also a reminder for the future, and that we need to be approaching things in the broader context, animal and human health all together.”

Get CNN Health's weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team.

“This study, I think, just reinforced that, yeah, we did a good job of passing it on to other species, and they may be maintaining it. That’s what we need to see over time: Does it actually stay circulating in the rat, and does it change over time?”

In the meantime, Weese said, “there are lots of reasons to stay away from wild rats. The various things you can get from them, just add [Covid-19] to the list of reasons you probably shouldn’t be handling a rat.”

When the Norway rats were collected in fall 2021, the US was on the down slope of the Delta wave, with more than 1 million Covid-19 cases each week in September and more than 500,000 each week in November, CDC data shows.

Now, with the Omicron variant dominating, there were 226,618 weekly cases as of March 1.CNN —

Is the internet — and all that goes along with it: the screens, the technology, the apps — good or bad?

That’s been the question churning in the undercurrent of this season of CNN’s Chasing Life with Dr. Sanjay Gupta. The podcast has been examining the effects of screens on our minds and in our lives, with a special focus on social media and young people.

One person with a front-row seat at the internet revolution is Hank Green. A science communicator, vlogger and author, Green got his start on YouTube in 2007 — two years after the first video was uploaded to the platform and a few years before “content creator” and “influencer” existed in our vocabulary.

Today, YouTube is one of the most popular social media networks worldwide, second only to Facebook; it’s estimated that more than 2.5 billion monthly users collectively watch more than 1 billion hours of videos each day.

Green continues to enjoy a slice of that bounty. Tens of millions of people have seen him along with his brother, best-selling author John Green, in numerous educational YouTube videos, some of which are shown in schools around the country.

Asked the good/bad internet question, Green said it’s like asking whether a hammer is good or bad. Your answer depends on what you do with it. Do you use it to build a house or to hit someone over the head?

Or maybe it’s more like the printing press.

“I think a lot about the printing press,” Green said, noting its important role in the Protestant Reformation in the 1500s. “We suddenly had the ability for people who disagreed with … the Catholic Church to take it on and say, ‘I think that you’re doing it wrong, and we’re going to share that information. We’re going to be better at it than you, and we’re going to be more nimble than you.’

“It was a messy, messy time. It was very bad, and lots of people died,” he said, “but nobody thinks we shouldn’t have books. We figured out how to have books and have them not be societally destructive.”

Green said the church shouldn’t have had that much power then. “We needed to move into a world where there was more individual agency,” he said. “And I think we’re having that now. And that’s not a conversation about young people and screen time. That’s a conversation about every single one of us in the society we exist in right now.”

Green said many social media companies have been thinking of the societal implications of what they do. “But mostly the thing that we’re fine with is: OK, you’ve got this technology, use it how you can, and make as much money as you can, because that’s how that makes sense,” he said.

“We haven’t really thought about how to do it in a way that’s really pro-social. We haven’t thought about how to sort of make the tool best for a human and best for human outcomes, because that’s really complicated, and it’s kind of scary.”

Listen to more of the conversation between Gupta and Green as they discuss whether the internet’s future is utopian or dystopian, the responsibility of having a platform, and how to deal with trolls. Plus, find out what makes Green really mad about the internet!

Catch up on recent Chasing Life podcast episodes.Sign up for CNN’s Sleep, But Better newsletter series. Our seven-part guide has helpful hints to achieve better sleep.

CNN —

Are you ready to move your clocks forward by an hour this weekend? That’s right — for most people in the United States, it’s time to “spring forward” into Daylight Saving Time on Sunday, March 12, at 2:00 a.m.

“For whatever reason, Daylight Saving Time always just creeps up on us,” said pediatrician Dr. Cora Collette Breuner, a professor of adolescent medicine in University of Washington’s department of pediatrics in Seattle.

Residents of Hawaii, most of Arizona and the US territories in the Pacific and Caribbean don’t follow the time change.

For folks who are adjusting their clocks, the body isn’t going to like getting up a whole hour earlier, so it’s best if you and your kids start adapting by going to bed and waking up 15 to 20 minutes earlier each day for four or more days before the change, experts say.

“Planning for the change can be key to lessening the impact of this change on your body’s circadian rhythms,” said sleep specialist Dr. Raj Dasgupta, an associate professor of clinical medicine at the University of Southern California’s Keck School of Medicine.

Begin to adjust the timing of other daily routines that are time cues for your body as well, such as meals, exercise and medications, he added.

Prepping in advance is an especially good plan for teenagers, who are naturally programmed to stay up late and sleep late, and for anyone else in the family who is a night owl, said Dr. Phyllis Zee, director of the Center for Circadian and Sleep Medicine at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago.

Didn’t do that? Don’t despair. “It’s never too late to start,” Dasgupta said. “Sleep is very individualized, and every child will respond differently to the time change. Make sure you as the parent are getting the rest you need as well, so you’re not overly irritable with your child.”

Moving bed and wake times

Younger children tend to adapt a bit better to time changes than older children and adults, Breuner said, so they may need fewer days to adapt.

Zee, who is also a professor of neurology at Feinberg, agreed: “For most younger children, moving their bedtime and wake time by about 10 to 15 minutes earlier starting three days before the time change can help them adjust to the social clock time change by Monday morning,” she said.

If that didn’t happen, expect some grumpiness until your child’s body adjusts, and be prepared to cut them some slack, Dasgupta said.

“In the days following Daylight Saving Time, I try to be more forgiving if my child is having an extra temper tantrum,” he said.

There are other ways parents and caregivers can ease the transition, Breuner said. Lay clothes out and pack up homework before bedtime to reduce the stress in the morning. It’s also a good idea to pack a to-go breakfast in case everyone is running late.

“That way they’re snacking on the bus or in the car versus trying to sit down for a full-on breakfast when everybody’s kind of ‘Whoa, it’s an hour later,’” she said.

And “do not let kids nap,” she added. “That just lengthens any adjustment to the time change.”

Let there be light

For everyone in the family, the emerging lightness in the morning is a good thing, experts say. When light enters your eyes, it’s a signal to the brain to shut down melatonin, the hormone the body makes to put you to sleep.

“Get morning-bright light for 20 to 30 minutes soon after waking up,” Zee said. “Increase bright light exposure at home, school and work for the rest of the morning.”

This strategy is particularly important for teenagers and night owls, Zee said, and they should do this before and continue after Daylight Saving Time starts to help with adaptation to the new time.

Breuner advocates for making a “real hard rule” about keeping television, smartphones, laptops, gaming devices or any other electronic device out of the bedroom.

“Devices should be off and charging away from the bed, whether it’s in the kitchen or another room besides the bedroom,” she said.

“We don’t secrete melatonin to help us sleep when we’re staring at light,” Breuner said.

When it comes to teens, don’t fall for the “I need my phone for an alarm in the morning, and it helps me go to sleep at night,” she said. “Get up and get your iPod and listen to some music and get a regular alarm clock.”

If a child is struggling with depression or anxiety, not getting enough restful sleep can have serious consequences. “The likelihood of the child having worse behavioral health outcomes is higher,” she said.

Let there be dark

The same rule about light applies to the evening, but in reverse, Zee said. She suggests avoiding bright light for at least three hours before bedtime: “This will allow your own melatonin to rise and promote sleep.”

Make sure your bedroom promotes sleep as well, Zee added, by minimizing light exposure from the outside with light-blocking shades or curtains. Keep lights in the bedroom dim and choose LED lights that have more reddish or brownish tones.

Ban any lights in the blue spectrum from the bedroom, such as those emitted by electronic devices like televisions, smartphones, tablets and laptops. Blue light is the most stimulating type of light, which tells the brain that it’s time to wake up.

Once you go to bed, keep the room cool and very dark — light can creep in even when your eyelids are shut.

That’s what happened in a 2022 study conducted by Zee that put healthy young adults in their 20s into a sleep lab. Sleeping for only one night with a dim light, such as a TV set with the sound off, raised blood sugar levels and heart rate, even when eyes were closed during sleep.

Another study by Zee found exposure to any amount of light during sleep was associated with diabetes, obesity and hypertension in older men and women.CNN —

Scientists have set out a way to suck planet-heating carbon pollution from the air, turn it into sodium bicarbonate and store it in oceans, according to a new paper.

The technique could be up to three times more efficient than current carbon capture technology, say the authors of the study, published Wednesday in the journal Science Advances.

Tackling the climate crisis means drastically reducing the burning of fossil fuels, which releases planet-heating pollution. But because humans have already pumped so much of this pollution into the atmosphere and are unlikely to sufficiently reduce emissions in the near term, scientists say we also need to remove it from the air.

Nature does this – forests and oceans, for example, are valuable carbon sinks – but not quickly enough to keep pace with the amounts humans are producing. So we have turned to technology.

One method is to capture carbon pollution directly at the source, for example from steel or cement plants.

But another way, which this study focuses on, is “direct air capture.” This involves sucking carbon pollution directly out of the atmosphere and then storing it, often by injecting it into the ground.

The problem with direct air capture is that while carbon dioxide may be a very potent planet-heating gas, its concentrations are very small – it makes up about 0.04% of air. This means removing it directly from the air is challenging and expensive.

It’s a “significant hurdle,” Arup SenGupta, a professor at Lehigh University and a study author, told CNN.

Even the biggest facilities can only remove relatively small amounts and it costs several hundred dollars to remove each ton of carbon.

Climeworks’ direct air removal project in Iceland is the largest facility, according to the company, and can capture up to 4,000 tons of carbon dioxide a year. That’s equivalent to the carbon pollution produced by fewer than 800 cars over a year.

The new technique laid out in the study can help tackle those problems, said SenGupta.

The team have used copper to modify the absorbent material used in direct air capture. The result is an absorbent “which can remove CO2 from the atmosphere at ultra-dilute concentration at a capacity which is two to three times greater than existing absorbents,” SenGupta said.

This material can be produced easily and cheaply and would help drive down the costs of direct air capture, he added.

Once the carbon dioxide is captured, it can then be turned into sodium bicarbonate – baking soda – using seawater and released into the ocean at a small concentration.

The oceans “are infinite sinks,” SenGupta said. “If you put all the CO2 from the atmosphere, emitted every day – or every year – into the ocean, the increase in concentration would be very, very minor,” he said.

SenGupta’s idea is that direct air capture plants can be located offshore, giving them access to abundant amounts of seawater for the process.

Stuart Haszeldine, professor of carbon capture and storage at the University of Edinburgh, who was not involved in the study, told CNN that the chemistry was “novel and elegant.”

The process is a modification of one we already know, he said, “which is easier to understand, scale-up and develop than something totally new.”

But there may be regulatory hurdles to surmount. “Disposing of large tonnages of sodium bicarbonate in the ocean could be legally defined as ‘dumping,’ which is banned by international treaties,” Haszeldine said.

Others remain concerned about negative impacts on the oceans, which are already under pressure from climate change, pollution and other human activity.

Peter Styring, professor of chemical engineering and chemistry at the University of Sheffield, told CNN: “Unless you’ve got a full eco-toxic study, then you don’t know what it’s going to do, even at small concentrations.”

Direct air capture also remains expensive and inefficient, Styring said. “This is a big scale problem. Why would you capture from the atmosphere when you’ve got so much coming out of power stations and industrial plants? It just makes sense to go for the high concentrations first,” he said.

Some scientists have expressed concerns that a focus on technology to remove carbon pollution could distract from policies to reduce fossil fuel burning, or could give polluters license to carry on polluting.

But given the scale of the climate crisis, there is a big push from governments and international bodies to scale up this technology.

More research will be needed to understand how the method works at scale, Haszeldine said. But it’s promising, he added, saying “the world needs lots of this type of discovery.”

SenGupta said the technology is ready to be taken out of the lab and trialed. “This is the time to go forward and do something in maybe two or three different places around the world. Let other people get involved, find faults, improve on it, and then proceed accordingly,” he said.Sign up for CNN’s Wonder Theory science newsletter. Explore the universe with news on fascinating discoveries, scientific advancements and more.

CNN —

The Curiosity rover just sent back a stunning postcard capturing its view of a shimmering sunset on Mars.

The NASA rover has been roaming across the surface of Mars for more than 10 years, searching for answers as to why the red planet went from warm and wet to a frozen desert. It has discovered intriguing rock formations, searched for signs of life and scaled Mount Sharp at the center of Gale Crater.

But rather than continuing to focus on the near-endless red stretch of rocks and dirt below its wheels, the rover has recently been looking up.

On February 2, Curiosity observed rays of sunlight stretching across the horizon and illuminating a bank of clouds as the sun set on Mars. It’s the first time the rays, known as crepuscular rays, have been seen so clearly on the red planet.

The rover is conducting a survey of twilight clouds on Mars to follow up on its previous observations of night-shining clouds. In 2021, Curiosity used its black and white navigation cameras to watch the structure of those clouds as they moved on Mars.

Clouds provide deeper insight about weather patterns and conditions. Scientists can use information about when and where clouds form on Mars to learn more about the planet’s atmospheric composition and temperatures, as well as wind.

The new survey, which kicked off in January and will wrap up later this month, utilizes the rover’s color camera located on its mast to watch as cloud particles grow.

On Mars, most clouds are made of frozen ice and float about 37 miles (60 kilometers) above the ground. But Curiosity spotted clouds that reach a higher altitude, as seen in the new photo, leading researchers to believe they are made of frozen carbon dioxide ice — or dry ice. Scientists are still studying them to figure out why this happens.

The Curiosity rover captured this feather-shaped iridescent cloud just after sunset on January 27. NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS

Curiosity captured a separate image of shiny, iridescent clouds that resemble feathers on January 27.

“Where we see iridescence, it means a cloud’s particle sizes are identical to their neighbors in each part of the cloud,” said Mark Lemmon, an atmospheric scientist with the Space Science Institute in Boulder, Colorado, in a statement. “By looking at color transitions, we’re seeing particle size changing across the cloud. That tells us about the way the cloud is evolving and how its particles are changing size over time.”Sign up for CNN’s Wonder Theory science newsletter. Explore the universe with news on fascinating discoveries, scientific advancements and more.

CNN —

The space race has expanded to new frontiers in recent years, moving into business, tourism … and now cinema.

Russian film makers on Tuesday released a trailer for “The Challenge,” which became the first ever feature film to be shot in space in 2021.

The trailer outlines the movie’s plot: A surgeon, Zhenya, played by Russian actress Yulia Peresild, has to perform heart surgery on a sick cosmonaut in space because he is unable to return to Earth for treatment. The patient is portrayed by real-life cosmonaut Oleg Novitskiy.

Yulia Peresild, Anton Shkaplerov and Klim Shipenko pose for a portrait. Shutterstock

Produced by the Yellow, Black and White studio and Channel One Russia – a state-controlled TV station – alongside the country’s space agency, Roscomos, “the movie is aimed to popularize Russia’s space activities, as well as glorify (the) cosmonaut profession,” a statement announcing the project read.

Peresild and producer-director Klim Shipenko traveled to the International Space Station (ISS) – 250 miles above earth – alongside veteran Russian cosmonaut Anton Shkaplerov in October 2021 and filmed the movie over the course of 12 days.

Peresild was selected to star in the movie after Roscomos posted an open casting call in November 2020. In addition to providing an audition tape, prospective stars had to undergo medical, psychological and physical tests to ensure they could cope with the demands of space travel.

Just a few months after shooting on the ISS wrapped, Russia invaded Ukraine and later announced in July 2022 that it was planning to leave the space station – which it operates in partnership with NASA – after 2024.

Although “The Challenge” is the first feature-length film to be shot in space, it’s not the first project to be filmed aboard the ISS. Previous films include a 2002 IMAX documentary narrated by Tom Cruise and a 2012 eight-minute science fiction film by entrepreneur and space tourist Richard Garriott.

Cruise and director Doug Liman had hoped to nab the prize of first feature film shot in space, revealing in 2020 that they were working on a project in tandem with NASA and Elon Musk’s Space X.

“The Challenge” will be released on April 12.CNN —

Japan’s maiden launch of its new flagship space rocket ended in failure on Tuesday when controllers issued a destruct command just 15 minutes after liftoff, the country’s space agency said.

“A destruct command has been transmitted to H3 around 10:52 a.m. (Japan Standard Time), because there was no possibility of achieving the mission,” a statement from the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) said.

A report from public broadcaster NHK said the second stage of the H3 rocket did not ignite.

The rocket, which took off from the Tanegashima Space Center in southern Japan, was carrying the Advance Land Observation Satellite-3 (ALOS-3), a ground-mapping and imaging orbiter that the space agency said was planned to become a key tool in disaster management efforts.

ALOS-3 “would cover all of the land areas of not only Japan but also across the whole world,” it said.

Tuesday’s failure occurred on JAXA’s second attempt to launch the H3. On February 17, two secondary booster engines strapped to the side of the space vehicle did not ignite on the launch pad and the H3 failed to take off.

The space agency has touted the H3 as the successor to Japan’s H-2A and H-2B rockets, with flexible configurations based on what it would need to lift into orbit. It has previously touted the expected ability of the H3 to launch both government and commercial missions.

JAXA said the H3 would be more economical than many other launch vehicles because its uses “commercial-off-the-shelf products of other domestic industries such as the automobile industry rather than products exclusive to space use.”

“With several configurations, the H3 offers performance and price suitable for purposes of each satellite,” it said, adding that it was looking for regular launches over the long term.

“We are aiming to create an operational world where Japanese industrial base can be underpinned by steadily launching the H3 six times or so annually for 20 years,” JAXA said.

Mitsubishi Heavy Industries is the prime contractor for the rocket. NHK reported that JAXA and Mitsubishi have spent more that $1.5 billion on the project since its inception nine years ago.CNN —

Her smile is bright, cheery, sometimes goofy and always contagious. But pictures can’t completely capture her upbeat, positive vibe. At 21, Claire Bridges has a mature spirit that amazes those who love her as well as the doctors who had to operate on her heart and remove both legs to save her life.

Claire Bridges with her father, Wayne Bridges. She had both legs amputated after complications with Covid-19. Courtesy Claire Bridges

“She had a will to live, perseverance and a sort of twinkle in her eye — I tell all my patients that’s half the battle,” said Dr. Dean Arnaoutakis, a vascular surgeon at the University of South Florida Health in Tampa who amputated Bridges’ legs after complications from Covid-19.

“Most people would be despondent and feel like life had cheated them,” said Dr. Ismail El-Hamamsy, a professor of cardiovascular surgery at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York City, who operated on Bridges’ heart.

“But she told me, ‘I feel like I’m the luckiest person on this planet. I have my whole life ahead of me. I can have kids, a future, so many things to look forward to.’

“There was not once that I looked into her eyes that I didn’t feel her positiveness was true and genuine,” he said. “Claire’s story is one of just incredible resilience and positivity.”

Bridges left the hospital on her 21st birthday, more than two months after being admitted. Here she is with her brother Will. Courtesy Claire Bridges

‘My body just literally wouldn’t give up’

In January 2022, Bridges was a 20-year-old model with her own apartment, a gaggle of friends and a part-time job as a bartender in St. Petersburg, Florida. She was a vegan and “exceptionally healthy,” according to her mother, Kimberly Smith.

When she caught Covid-19 that month, no one expected her be hospitalized. She was fully vaccinated and boosted.

But Bridges had been born with a common genetic heart defect: aortic valve stenosis, a mutation of the valve in the heart’s main artery, the aorta. Instead of having three cusps, or flaps, that let oxygen-rich blood flow from the heart into the aorta and to the rest of the body, people with aortic valve stenosis are often born with just two. The condition makes the heart work extremely hard to do its job, often causing breathlessness, dizziness and fatigue.

“I could work out and stuff, but I could never play sports,” she told CNN. “I couldn’t run. I couldn’t overexert myself.”

Her mom added, “We could really tell she began to learn her limits as she got older — she would get out of breath, stop and take a break.”

Before her surgeries, Bridges enjoyed roller-skating. Courtesy Claire Bridges

Whether due to her heart or another unknown reason, Covid-19 hit Bridges hard. Her health quickly spiraled out of control.

“Extreme fatigue, cold sweats — progressively every single day it would get harder to try to eat or drink anything,” she recalled. “Then one day my mom found me unresponsive and rushed me to the hospital. I flatlined three times that night.”

Bridges was put on dialysis, a ventilator and an exterior pump for her failing heart. She slipped into psychosis.

“I was thinking that everyone was trying to kill me, but I was holding on,” she said, adding that she then saw a bright light and her late grandfather.

“He was sitting on a bench, fishing, and he was wearing a baseball cap,” she said. “Then I saw my parents through a window. I don’t know if I actually did or if it was in my delusion, but I thought, ‘I can’t leave them like this.’ And my body just literally wouldn’t give up.”

While Bridges’ spirit battled on, doctors struggled to save her life. Her organs began to shut down, further weakening her frail heart. Blood wasn’t reaching her extremities, and tissues in both legs began to die.

Surgeons tried to save as much of her legs as possible. First, they opened tissue in both legs to reduce swelling, then amputated one ankle. Finally, there was no choice: Both legs had to be removed.

Doctors gathered around her bed to break the news.

“I remember looking up at them and saying, ‘Well, thank you for saving my life. And oh, can I have bionic legs?’ ” Bridges said.

“Everyone was totally shocked that she was taking it so well,” Smith recalled about her daughter. “But my entire family knew that if this tragedy had to happen to any of us, it would be Claire who would handle it the best. Upbeat and positive, that’s Claire.”

Bridges had a successful modeling career before she contracted Covid-19. Morgan Ryan

Checking off her bucket list

Losing her legs was only part of Bridges’ struggle back to health. “There were so many things that she could have died from while she was in the hospital,” Smith said.

Malnourished, Bridges was put on a feeding tube. She vomited, rupturing part of her small intestine, and “nearly bled out,” Smith said. To save her, doctors had to do an emergency transfusion — a dangerous procedure due to her weak heart.

“She almost died while getting the emergency transfusion because they had to pump the blood in so fast,” Smith said. “Then the next day she bled again, but they caught it in time.”

Bridges developed refeeding syndrome, a condition in which electrolytes, minerals and other vital fluids in a malnourished body are thrown out of balance when food is reintroduced, causing seizures, muscle and heart weakness, and a coma in some cases. Without quick treatment, it can lead to organ failure and death.

In another blow, her hair began to fall out, likely due to the loss of proper nutrition. Her family and friends came to her rescue.

“I knew that the only way to stop me from sobbing every time I pulled chunks of hair out of my head was to just get rid of it all,” Bridges said. “I told my brother Drew I was thinking about shaving my head, and without missing a beat, he immediately looked at me and said, ‘I’ll shave mine with you.’

“Then it snowballed into everyone telling me they would shave their heads, too,” Bridges said with a smile. “It was actually an extremely sweet, fun and freeing time — plus I’ve always wanted to shave my head, so I got to cross it off my bucket list!”

First row (from left): Luba Omelchenko, a friend, and Claire Bridges. Second row (from left): Andy Beaty, a friend; Jaye Scoggins, Beaty's mother; Anna Bridges-Brown, Claire's sister; and Kimberly Smith, Claire's mother. Third row: Kristen Graham, a friend who shaved everyone's heads. Courtesy Claire Bridges

Bridges credits her friends and family — along with members of the community who organized fundraisers or reached out on social media — for her upbeat attitude throughout the ordeal.

“I am very blessed to have such an amazing family and also friends and people in my community that are like family,” she said. “People I didn’t know, people that I haven’t spoken to since elementary school or high school were reaching out to me.

“Yes, I allowed myself to grieve, and there were dark days. But honestly, my friends and my family surrounded me with so much love that I never had a second to really think negatively about my legs or how I look now.”

An unusual heart operation

Bridges’ heart presented another hurdle: Already frail before her prolonged illness, it was now severely damaged. She needed a new valve in her aorta, and soon.

“We always knew Claire would need an open-heart surgery at some point,” her mother said. “Doctors wanted her as old as possible before they replaced the valve because the older you are, the bigger you are, and there’s less chance of needing another operation soon after.”

Bridges with her modeling agent, Kira Alexander. Bridges lost nearly 70 pounds during her hospitalization. Claire Bridges

Her doctors reached out to Mount Sinai’s El-Hamamsy, an expert in a more complicated form of aortic valve replacement called the Ross procedure.

“Anybody who has an anticipated life expectancy of 20 years or more is definitely a potential candidate for the Ross,” El-Hamamsy said, “and it’s a perfect solution for many young people like Claire.”

Unlike more traditional surgeries that replace the malfunctioning aortic valve with a mechanical or cadaver version, the Ross procedure uses the patient’s own pulmonary valve, which is “a mirror image of a normal aortic valve with three cusps,” El-Hamamsy said.

“It’s a living valve, and like any living thing, it’s adaptable,” the surgeon said. “It becomes like a new aortic valve and performs all the very sophisticated functions that a normal aortic valve would do.”

The pulmonary valve is then replaced with a donor from a cadaver, “where it matters a little less because the pressures and the stresses on the pulmonary side are much lower,” he said.

Bridges with Dr. Ismail El-Hamamsy, the surgeon who replaced the failed valve in her heart. Courtesy Mount Sinai Hospital

The use of a replacement part from the patient’s own body for the aortic valve also eliminates the need for lifelong use of blood thinners and the ongoing risk of major hemorrhaging or clotting and stroke, El-Hamamsy said. And because the new valve is stronger than the malfunctioning valve it replaces, patients aren’t as likely to need future surgeries.

“Ross is the only replacement operation for the aortic valve that allows patients to have a normal life expectancy,” he said, “and a completely normal quality of life with no restrictions, no modifications to their lifestyle and a very good durability of the operation.”

The Ross procedure is more technically challenging than inserting a tissue valve or a mechanical valve, “some of the simplest operations that we as cardiac surgeons would ever do,” El-Hamamsy said.

Because the operation takes a high level of technical skill, it’s only available in a few surgical facilities at this time.

“It requires dedicated surgeons who want to commit their practice to the Ross procedure and who have the technical skills and expertise to do that,” he added. “Patients need to know they should be undergoing the surgery in a Ross-certified facility.”

‘Claire made that choice’

When El-Hamamsy first met Bridges in a video call last spring, he wasn’t sure he would be able to do the surgery. Only 127 pounds before she got sick, Bridges had lost nearly 70 pounds during her hospitalization.

“She was so emaciated. There was no way I could take her into the operating room the way she was,” El-Hamamsy said. “I never expected that she would recover so quickly and keep her amazingly positive mentality.”

Slowly, over many months, Bridges fought her way back to health. In rehab, she began to learn to walk with prosthetic lower limbs. As she got stronger, she has continued one of her favorite activities — rock climbing.

Bridges climbs a rock wall using prosthetic limbs. Courtesy Claire Bridges

“At six months, I could hardly recognize her — she had gained weight back, her skin had fully healed over at the amputation sites, and she was a completely different-appearing person to the malnourished and debilitated girl I had met in the hospital,” said Arnaoutakis, the vascular surgeon.

The heart operation was successfully done in December. Today, Bridges is in the middle of cardiac rehabilitation and looking forward to being fitted for prosthetic blades — J-shaped, carbon-fiber lower limbs that will allow her to run on a track for the first time in her life.

She’s also returned to modeling, proud to show the world how well she has survived.

Bridges has returned to modeling after her surgeries. Brian James

El-Hamamsy isn’t surprised. “I told her from the day I met her on that Zoom, ‘It will be such a privilege to look after you because you’ve inspired me. I’ve never met a young person with this level of maturity and outlook on life.’

“I still think of Claire every once in a while when I bump into difficulty with life or whatever. It’s a reminder that happiness and positivity is a choice. Claire made that choice.”CNN —

In a few, unique communities around the globe, people live long and heathy lives, up to and past 100. Dubbed “blue zones,” residents of these areas share a common environment and lifestyle that scientists believe contribute to their longevity.

The Italian island of Sardinia was where one of the first groups of centenarians were studied — soon, similar long-lived people were discovered in Ikaria, Greece; Okinawa, Japan; Nicoya, Costa Rica; and Loma Linda, California.

9 common traits of blue zones

People in blue zones walk, garden and bike as part of their daily lives. They are close to friends and family, have a purpose in life, handle stress well, and are often members of a social or religious group. They eat a plant-based diet and stop eating before they are full.

Dan Buettner, who first brought blue zones into the public consciousness with his National Geographic articles and later books, doesn’t like to call the blue zone eating pattern a “diet.” Instead, it’s part of a healthy lifestyle, Buettner said, one that he believes anyone can copy, no matter where they live and eat — even in highly processed, food-obsessed cultures such as the United States.

“The blue zone eating pattern is 98% plant-based foods — whole food-based and high carbohydrate. But only complex carbs, not the simple carbs like salty snacks and candy bars and soda pop,” Buettner told CNN. “You say carbohydrates and people are horrified, but the healthiest foods in our food system are complex carbohydrates.”

Video Ad Feedback How healthy eating can lengthen your life 01:47 - Source: CNN

Complex carbohydrates, such as beans, peas, vegetables and whole grains provide vitamins, minerals and fiber that can go missing in processed and refined foods. In addition, they are digested more slowly, and the fiber helps you feel full longer, according to the American Heart Association.

What are blue zones in the US?

With the help of researchers, Buettner spent dozens of hours searching for a glimmer of blue in traditional foods brought to the United States. He found it, but not in his own lineage.

“As it turns out, my European ancestors did not bring over a longevity diet,” Buettner said. Instead, it was the African, Asian, Latino and Native Americans “who ate a diet that is nearly a dead ringer for the blue zone style.”

Traditional Vietnamese pho is part of the "blue zone" pattern of eating. David McLain

Buettner has turned his findings into a cookbook, “The Blue Zones American Kitchen: 100 Recipes to Live to 100.”

“I tried to be very precise, looking at the data, to find exactly what people in the blue zones ate,” Buettner said. “The five pillars of every longevity diet, including the blue zone, are whole grains, vegetables in season, tubers, nuts and beans. In fact, I argue the cornerstone of a longevity diet is beans.”

Blue zone eating is similar to that of the Mediterranean style, winner of yearly gold medals as best overall diet for health. But there are also differences between a blue zone eating pattern and that of the Mediterranean, Buettner said.

“People in blue zones don’t eat nearly as much fish as the Mediterranean diet prescribes, only three times a week and only 3 ounces,” he said. “Meat is eaten only five times a month. There’s no cow’s milk in any blue zone.”

Instead, people eat goat and sheep’s milk cheeses such as feta and pecorino.

What is in the blue zone?

Purple sweet potatoes have contributed to the longevity of people in Okinawa, Japan, Dan Buettner says. David McLain

One of the most visually striking recipes in the book is made from purple sweet potatoes, which Buettner considers a key longevity staple for people in the blue zone of Okinawa.

“The dietary intake of Okinawans until 1975 came from purple sweet potatoes,” he said. “I would argue it produced the longest-lived population in the history of humankind.”

Blue zone recipes were also found in Gullah Geechee cuisine, a method of cooking developed by descendants of enslaved Africans who settled in the Sea Islands of Georgia, Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina. Stews and soups may be thickened with benne seeds, an heirloom version of sesame seeds brought over on slave ships.

A meal of roasted vegetables and seitan, a plant-based meat substitute, is one of the recipes in Buettner's new cookbook. David McLain

There is no meat in any recipe in the cookbook, including a “brisket” made from seitan, a plant-based meat substitute that mimics the flavor and texture of chicken. Seitan and all the other recipes were taste-tested by Buettner’s meat- and potato-loving father, Roger, who traveled with him across the country.

In addition to including recipes with little-known ingredients, Buettner filled his cookbook with stories from chefs who make and promote ancestral cooking.

Senegalese chef Serigne Mbaye, who adds a Creole twist to dishes from his home country at his New Orleans restaurant, told Buettner the story of how slave traders forced his enslaved ancestors to eat black-eyed peas and palm oil.

Senegalese chef Serigne Mbaye created his own version of the "last meal" of his African ancestors. David McLain

Why? They needed to be at least 125 pounds before they could be shipped to the Americas. If the slaves didn’t eat and gain weight, Mbaye said, they were shot. In their honor, Mbaye created a tastier version of a “last meal,” using additional fresh vegetables and spices.

For anyone who may feel these 100 recipes are too much trouble to make in today’s fast-paced world, Buettner pointed out that many can be assembled within 20 minutes or in any programmable pressure cooker.

“Most of the one-pot meals I have in the book also freeze very well,” he said. “And when you want another quick meal, you pull it out and throw it in the microwave, and you have a meal that’s full of complex carbohydrates, micronutrients and a whole variety of fiber.

“And it’ll cost you under $2 a serving, leave you feeling better and, according to my father, taste a lot better than a small hamburger,” Buettner added. “What’s to lose?”Editor’s Note: Dana Santas, known as the “Mobility Maker,” is a certified strength and conditioning specialist and mind-body coach in professional sports, and is the author of “Practical Solutions for Back Pain Relief.”

CNN —

For many people, back pain can make it difficult to function in everyday life. It affects how you move, feel and think, leaving you with no choice but to take some kind of action to alleviate the pain.

A proactive, daily-life approach to cultivating a healthy body is key to keeping back pain at bay. fizkes/Adobe Stock

But what if, instead of being reactive, you took small daily steps to proactively avoid back pain altogether?

Unfortunately, many people are unaware of the everyday actions that contribute to back pain — or steps that can be taken to avoid it. If you suffer from back pain, read on for six everyday fixes.

Move more

Our bodies need adequate movement throughout the day to keep joints mobile and blood circulating through our muscles to avoid the stiffness that contributes to aches and pains. This is especially true for spinal vertebrae and back muscles.

It sounds clichéd, but if the weather is good, don’t hunt for the parking spot nearest a store; don’t take the elevator when you have the option of one or two flights of stairs. When you need to sit for prolonged periods, set a timer to get up every hour and be active for just a few minutes.

More minutes of movement add up to big health benefits over time. In addition to promoting back health, actively moving for just 11 minutes a day increases your life span, according to research. To add more movement into your day, consider instituting a daily walk. You can also try this 10-minute bodyweight workout or this five-minute yoga routine.

Switch sides

When we overuse our dominant side, we create muscle patterns of weakness and tension that increase pain and the likelihood of injury — especially in our backs. Consider the actions you take repeatedly throughout the day that shift your weight to one side: opening doors, carrying a bag, holding a leash to walk your dog, etc.

In my career as a mobility coach in professional sports, I’ve noticed that many of the athletes least prone to injury were ambidextrous in some manner — NHL or MLB players who play recreational golf left-handed but play their respective sports right-hand dominant, for example.

Since most people aren’t naturally ambidextrous, I create movement programs for athletes that address and counter dominant-side repetitive patterns to help restore alignment and decrease susceptibility to associated pain and injury.

You can apply the same approach in your daily life by switching sides when you carry things, such as a computer bag or purse; using your opposite hand every so often for basic activities, such as opening doors; and not always sitting on the same side of the couch.

Correct imbalances

Just as you switch sides to balance out your body, you should also be aware of and correct imbalances in movements meant to be symmetrical. These include walking, running, cycling, swimming and the like. Our bodies are designed to perform these activities in a balanced, alternating and reciprocal pattern.

When we deviate from that symmetry by using one side more or keeping our weight shifted, we can overuse back muscles on one side of our bodies and create spinal stress that leads to back pain and increased potential for injury.

To learn more about how to recognize and correct imbalances in your walking pattern, watch this video.

Stop slumping

It might seem like the only thing you need to do to avoid slumping is to catch yourself doing it and stop — but how you correct that slump matters.

Don’t just squeeze your shoulders back to avoid slouching; posture and breathing are intimately connected, so you should check in with your breathing as you sit upright, taking some long, deep breaths with lower rib movement to help drop your rib cage into a better position to support your posture and avoid unnecessary back pain.

Regularly practicing the posture-fixing exercises in this video will help.

Stay present

Psychological stress is a noted risk factor for back pain, according to research. Because most mental stress is caused by focusing on the past or future, actively being mindful of the present moment reduces stress.

A few minutes a day of mindfulness can go a long way toward minimizing the impact of stress. Additionally, mindfulness practices such as meditation, tai chi and qigong have all shown efficacy in reducing back pain.

Breathing is our most profound connection to the present moment as it is always happening in the here and now. Taking “breathing breaks” throughout your day is an easy way to add a mindfulness practice to your routine. Try the exercise in this video to get started.

Be proactive

Every day, you do things to take care of yourself, such as showering and brushing your teeth. If you are someone who regularly suffers from back pain, you need to approach the health of your back as a responsibility as well, creating a game plan of daily activities to practice for back health.

This should include some of the tips listed above but, because back pain can have many causes, you should learn more about the cause of your pain to determine the best course of action for you. For instance, if your pain is sciatic, you may better manage it using some of the exercises in the video here.

If your back hurts at the end of the day, don’t just decide it was a “bad” day. Ask yourself if you practiced the activities you know help you avoid the stress and tension causing you discomfort. Taking a proactive, daily-life approach to cultivating a healthy body is the key to keeping back pain at bay.Editor’s Note: This is part of an ongoing series that takes a closer look at eating disorders, disordered eating and relationships with food and body image.

CNN —

Ending cycles of dieting and learning to accept the body you are in sounds great, but it may feel a bit like a fairytale.

How can you control how you eat without counting calories? How should you stop planning for the day when you are thinner? How do you wake up one day without those shameful, mean thoughts knocking at the door to your brain?

It’s hard, said Bri Campos, a body image coach based in Paramus, New Jersey. The goal might not be fully celebrating your body or releasing yourself from all the negative thoughts about weight that comes from diet culture, she said. It could mean just making progress toward feeling less shame or self-criticism.

Diet culture is the widespread societal messages that small bodies are better, larger bodies are shameful and restricted eating is the key to an “acceptable” body. Ascribing to those messages is harmful to people of all body types, especially considering it can encourage eating disorders and make recovery therefrom even more difficult, according to the National Eating Disorder Association.

The promise of attaining (and retaining) the ideal body is hollow, as dropping weight drastically in a short period is likely to be followed by a person gaining it back again. Slow, sustained changes are often more successful, according to a 2017 study. And while some studies do recommend losing weight to reduce the risk of conditions such as heart disease and cancer, it’s also true that health is determined by many factors — shame doesn’t help.

There are ways to unlearn diet culture, Campos said. The process is different for each person, but it can help to find community with other people with similar goals, she added.

Here are several stories of people trying to reject diet culture and what they have found in their journeys along the way.

Melding the personal and professional

Shanea Pallone said her experience navigating the health system has informed how she talks to patients. Lesley T. Lastufka

Shanea Pallone started to question her experience with diet culture after a doctor body-shamed her at an appointment. It’s been hard to be a patient in a medical system that has caused her great harm. “I am actively being harmed by providers who don’t see me as more than my weight on the scale,” Pallone said.

But Pallone, who lives in Houston, Texas, also works as a nurse; her job has required her to assess her patients’ weights, mark if they were considered obese on their medical charts and teach them the same dieting tactics she was trying to unlearn herself, she said.

Pallone recalled constantly asking herself, “How do I navigate my own care and giving good care and still work on unpacking some of the ways diet culture still sinks in?” Her answer included going back to research that showed that dieting wasn’t effective — and confirmed she could live healthfully and provide care without shame.

Learning about intuitive eating — an eating philosophy that relies on the body’s natural hunger and fullness cues — helped her in both her personal and professional journeys.

Changing her thinking doesn’t mean that intrusive thoughts about food and diet completely truly go away, but it has gotten easier to see them and try to quiet them, Pallone said. Now Pallone works to help her patients meet their health goals in a way that doesn’t keep them from the foods they love eating or make them feel like they’ve failed, she said.

But while she has been able to have some meaningful impacts on her patients, she had to accept she could not rescue everyone from diet culture.

“It is really hard to walk away from a woman in her 80s, who is moving toward hospice, who (is) like, ‘It’s really ok that I’m losing weight, I’ve always been a little chunky,’” Pallone said.

Getting out of the toxic soup

Amanda Mittman said the process of shedding diet culture is ongoing. Divine Brujeria

Amanda Mittman, a registered dietitian in Amherst, Massachusetts, began moving away from diet culture after her son was born. She couldn’t bring herself to return to a restrictive way of eating as a new mother, but still felt shame around the weight she hadn’t lost postpartum, she said.

“We’re all still swimming in the same toxic soup,” she said.

Mittman’s first step was to learn to identify diet culture around her, across entertainment media, in advertisements and even in conversations with friends and family, she said.

And once she saw it — like pulling the curtain back on the Wizard of Oz — she found she couldn’t go back to how she saw things before.

This didn’t mean she was ready to give up on dieting and completely accept her body. Diets had always offered her a magical solution: lose weight and you can have everything you’ve ever wanted. It was scary to give up on that dream — and to face the possibility that, in living differently, she might gain weight instead of losing it.

But as she found a community free of diet culture and moved her social media feeds to not value weight loss, Mittman said accepting the grief and mourning that comes with giving up on those goals became a big part of her process.

“I still have the thoughts of ‘wouldn’t it be great if I could lose weight?’” she said. But she reminds herself, “We have been down that road and that’s just not available to me anymore.”

The work to accept her body and love herself isn’t glamorous, she said. There’s “no cap and gowns, you don’t graduate — this is constant work,” Mittman said. “But it gets easier all the time.”

Writing on mirrors

Sandra Thies' mirror was a big trigger and now is part of her healing. Victoria Harder

After years on her college varsity rowing team and trying to shape her body to fit expectations, Sandra Thies found herself a little lost without a strict diet and exercise routine.

“The easy way out is to go on another diet, to buy into diet culture online, to restrict your eating,” Thies said. “It’s the easy way to feel that you have control.”

Much of that desire for control would come out around reflective surfaces, she said.

Whether it was the windows she walked by, mirrors in her work bathroom or even at home when she got out of the shower – all were places for Thies to poke and prod at her body, to see if she needed to work out or if she could give herself a little extra at dinner. And days wrestling with her reflection would lead to nights spent staring up at the ceiling, thinking about what she could do better the next day to get closer to her “ideal” body.

Thies, now an intuitive eating counselor in Kelowna, British Columbia, came across the concept in college and remembers thinking, “wouldn’t it be nice to be at peace with food and your body?” Four years later, she feels like she’s still learning how to move in a way that feels good, how to eat what her body needs and how to stand in front of her reflection without picking it apart.

But the mirror has actually become part of her solution, she said.

She has questions now written on her mirror at home: “What is the feeling? Where do you feel it in your body? How bad is it? Can we sit in this discomfort? What do you need in the moment?”

She now tries to take time to sit with those feelings. Sometimes, she can get through answering all the questions. But on the days she can’t, Thies said she gives herself permission to do what she can to keep her self-talk positive.

“I think about my body and food very frequently,” Thies said. “But the voice that I use has really changed. It leaves me feeling confident and empowered rather than broken down.”

Ending the unwinnable war

Dani Bryant said she saw her own body in the women that came before her. Divine Brujeria

Dani Bryant thought her experiences with her body would threaten to her creative dreams, but instead they turned out to be an avenue to get there.

As a kid passionate about theater, Bryant heard similar messages from her directors, chorus teachers and costumers: You are so talented, but your body has to be smaller if you want to make it big.

She was only a 9-year-old when she first showed signs of disordered eating. By her sophomore year of college pursuing a career in theater, she had developed anorexia, Bryant said.

As part of Bryant’s recovery, she began writing and developed a theater company in Chicago centered around the experiences of body issues and disordered eating, Bryant said. There she found the support she felt was key to her developing relationship with her body.

“My healing is so much in sharing the lived experience, building community around it and that slow unlearning,” she said.

Bryant said finding a photo of her family coming to the US gave her better perspective on her own body. Courtesy Dani Bryant

One big moment in Bryant’s healing journey came when she went with her mother on a trip to Ellis Island in New York City, where they happened across a photograph of her family arriving in the United States generations ago.

In the photo, she saw her great grandmother, whose body was shaped just like her grandmother’s, her mother’s and her own, Bryant said.

There she realized her body was more than her choices or her dieting — it was the result of her family, genetics and her history.

She wished she could go back to the little girl she once was to show her that picture and ask her to stop fighting the “unwinnable war” for a smaller body she was never meant to have, she said.Editor’s Note: Listen now as the Chasing Life podcast lays out the nuts and bolts of how to break up with your phone.

CNN —

It happens in our most intense relationships — the need to take a step back and whisper the words, “I need more space.”

Sometimes it’s said to a romantic partner, sometimes to a friend, and sometimes, the sentiment is directed at our smart phone.

With so much of our daily transactions and interactions happening on our phones, it can sometimes feel like the world is passing us by if we put them down, or log out, for even a minute — so we don’t.

Eighty-three percent 83% of US adults say they keep their smartphone near them almost all the time during their waking hours, and 64% admit to checking their smartphone as soon as they wake up in the morning, according to a 2022 Gallup poll.

But being constantly plugged in is not sustainable. There can come a time to say basta — enough!

For author and science journalist Catherine Price, that “aha” moment came shortly after the birth of her daughter.

“I had these moments where I would find myself up late at night … I’d have kind of an out-of-body experience, probably because of the sleep deprivation. And I would see her looking up at me and then I was looking down at my phone and that just devastated me,” she recounted.

She set about doing one of the things she knew best to tackle the issue — researching and writing. The result is the book, “How to Break Up With Your Phone: The 30-Day Plan to Take Back Your Life.”

Whether you call it breaking up with your phone or digital detoxing, it’s not easy but it is doable.

“I typically don’t use the word digital detox because to me it implies that you’re trying to totally take a break from technology for an extended period of time, which I don’t think really is realistic for most people,” Price said.

“The idea being that if you break up with a human being, you’re not saying I’m never going to date another human being again,” she said. “You’re just saying that relationship was not right for me. Hopefully, you have a moment of self-reflection to evaluate what was good and what was bad about it and what you would like in the new relationship.”

If you feel the need to take a breather from your phone, you’re in good company. That same Gallup poll found 58% of adults think they spend too much time on their smartphone; among those in the 18-29 age range, that number jumps to 81%.

There is even a day dedicated to cutting back on phone use. From sundown on Friday, March 3 through sundown on Saturday, March 4, has been designated the Global Day of Unplugging, a 24-hour period where phones and other screens are put away and people are encouraged to participate in real life.

What’s the best way to have the difficult conversation with your phone? CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta talks strategy with Catherine Price, and you can listen to the full podcast here.Sign up for CNN’s Fitness, But Better newsletter series. Our seven-part guide up will help you ease into a healthy routine, backed by experts.

CNN —

When you can’t fit your entire workout into a busy day, do you think there’s no point in doing anything at all? You should rethink that mindset. Just 11 minutes of moderate-to-vigorous intensity aerobic activity per day could lower your risk of cancer, cardiovascular disease or premature death, a large new study has found.

Aerobic activities include walking, dancing, running, jogging, cycling and swimming. You can gauge the intensity level of an activity by your heart rate and how hard you’re breathing as you move. Generally, being able to talk but not sing during an activity would make it moderate intensity. Vigorous intensity is marked by the inability to carry on a conversation.

Higher levels of physical activity have been associated with lower rates of premature death and chronic disease, according to past research. But how the risk levels for these outcomes are affected by the amount of exercise someone gets has been more difficult to determine. To explore this impact, scientists largely from the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom looked at data from 196 studies, amounting to more than 30 million adult participants who were followed for 10 years on average. The results of this latest study were published Tuesday in the British Journal of Sports Medicine.

Adding 11 minutes of exercise to your day could lower your risk of chronic disease and death, new research has found. Li Zhongfei/Adobe Stock

The study mainly focused on participants who had done the minimum recommended amount of 150 minutes of exercise per week, or 22 minutes per day. Compared with inactive participants, adults who had done 150 minutes of moderate-to-vigorous aerobic physical activity per week had a 31% lower risk of dying from any cause, a 29% lower risk of dying from cardiovascular disease and a 15% lower risk of dying from cancer.

The same amount of exercise was linked with a 27% lower risk of developing cardiovascular disease and 12% lower risk when it came to cancer.

“This is a compelling systematic review of existing research,” said CNN Medical Analyst Dr. Leana Wen, an emergency physician and public health professor at George Washington University, who wasn’t involved in the research. “We already knew that there was a strong correlation between increased physical activity and reduced risk for cardiovascular disease, cancer and premature death. This research confirms it, and furthermore states that a smaller amount than the 150 minutes of recommended exercise a week can help.”

Even people who got just half the minimum recommended amount of physical activity benefited. Accumulating 75 minutes of moderate-intensity activity per week — about 11 minutes of activity per day — was associated with a 23% lower risk of early death. Getting active for 75 minutes on a weekly basis was also enough to reduce the risk of developing cardiovascular disease by 17% and cancer by 7%.

Beyond 150 minutes per week, any additional benefits were smaller.

“If you are someone who finds the idea of 150 minutes of moderate-intensity physical activity a week a bit daunting, then our findings should be good news,” said study author Dr. Soren Brage, group leader of the Physical Activity Epidemiology group in the Medical Research Council Epidemiology Unit at the University of Cambridge, in a news release. “This is also a good starting position — if you find that 75 minutes a week is manageable, then you could try stepping it up gradually to the full recommended amount.”

The authors’ findings affirm the World Health Organization’s position that doing some physical activity is better than doing none, even if you don’t get the recommended amounts of exercise.

“One in 10 premature deaths could have been prevented if everyone achieved even half the recommended level of physical activity,” the authors wrote in the study. Additionally, “10.9% and 5.2% of all incident cases of CVD (cardiovascular disease) and cancer would have been prevented.”

Important note: If you experience pain while exercising, stop immediately. Check with your doctor before beginning any new exercise program.

A little exercise every day

The authors didn’t have details on the specific types of physical activity the participants did. But some experts do have thoughts on how physical activity could reduce risk for chronic diseases and premature death.

“There are many potential mechanisms including the improvement and maintenance of body composition, insulin resistance and physical function because of a wide variety of favorable influences of aerobic activity,” said Haruki Momma, an associate professor of medicine and science in sports and exercise at Tohoku University in Japan. Momma wasn’t involved in the research.

Benefits could also include improvement to immune function, lung and heart health, inflammation levels, hypertension, cholesterol, and amount of body fat, said Eleanor Watts, a postdoctoral fellow in the division of cancer epidemiology and genetics at the National Cancer Institute. Watts wasn’t involved in the research.

“These translate into lower risk of getting chronic diseases,” said Peter Katzmarzyk, associate executive director for population and public health sciences at Pennington Biomedical Research Center in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Katzmarzyk wasn’t involved in the research.

The fact that participants who did only half the minimum recommended amount of exercise still experienced benefits doesn’t mean people shouldn’t aim for more exercise, but rather that “perfect shouldn’t be the enemy of the good,” Wen said. “Some is better than none.”

To get up to 150 minutes of physical activity per week, find activities you enjoy, Wen said. “You are far more likely to engage in something you love doing than something you have to make yourself do.”

And when it comes to how you fit in your exercise, you can think outside the box.

“Moderate activity doesn’t have to involve what we normally think of (as) exercise, such as sports or running,” said study coauthor Leandro Garcia, a lecturer in the school of medicine, dentistry and biomedical sciences at Queen’s University Belfast, in a news release. “Sometimes, replacing some habits is all that is needed.

“For example, try to walk or cycle to your work or study place instead of using a car, or engage in active play with your kids or grand kids. Doing activities that you enjoy and that are easy to include in your weekly routine is an excellent way to become more active.”CNN —

For four days this week, home for Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers was a pitch-black room. There were no phones, no television, no lights or distractions. Just Rodgers, alone with his thoughts, in a cabin built specifically for prolonged isolation in the dark.

When the four-time NFL MVP announced plans earlier this month to contemplate his NFL future in isolation at a “darkness retreat,” many were left scratching their heads.

“It’s just sitting in isolation, meditation, dealing with your thoughts,” Rodgers said earlier this month. “We rarely even turn our phone off or put the blinds down to sleep in darkness. I’m really looking forward to it.”

Rodgers is no stranger to alternative therapies. He credits psychedelics like psilocybin and ayahuasca for helping to alleviate his fear of death and deepening a sense of self-love. The football star said he has done “many meditation and yoga retreats” in the past and defended his decision to try darkness therapy as one of several practices “that have stimulated my mind and helped me get in a better headspace and have a greater peace in my life.”

But what exactly happens in a darkness retreat? And is it just another new-age fad or perhaps something that could benefit the rest of us?

What happens in the dark

A darkness retreat is exactly what it sounds like: a prolonged stay in a space completely devoid of light. One of the centers offering the practice is Sky Cave Retreats, nestled in the Cascade-Siskiyou wilderness, in Southern Oregon, near Klamath Falls.

The cabins are built specifically for prolonged isolation in the dark. Sky Cave Retreats

“The reasons for doing this range from people wanting to know themselves more, to people who want to rest, reset and relax, to those who want to explore consciousness and deepen their meditation practice,” said Scott Berman, who owns Sky Cave Retreats along with his wife Jill, adding the darkness helps illuminate what really matters by stripping away the constant bombardment of sensory input and stimulation many people experience in their hectic modern lives.

“When someone goes into the darkness, all these things that were important to them like money, fame, power, status, being worthy – they all become insignificant and meaningless in the dark,” Berman said. “In the dark, all you have is the present moment which reveals what is truly meaningful – whether it’s love, forgiveness, peace – and it begins to transform you as you truly authentically touch what is most important to you.”

The center currently operates three stand-alone cabins built specifically for prolonged isolation in the dark – earth-sheltered caves, which on the outside are somewhat reminiscent of a Hobbit home. Each space contains a bed, a toilet, sink and a bathtub, as well as a low table for eating and a carpeted area for yoga and meditation. Participants can leave at any time – the doors are never locked – and there is a light switch for emergencies which is protected by a childproof guard so it isn’t flipped on by accident.

The cost includes three meals a day, which Berman delivers personally all at once in the evening (through a lightproof double-sided food box) to minimize the disturbance. This is when participants have an opportunity for a conversation, which could be 10 seconds or 30 minutes, according to Berman, depending on the person’s needs.

Participants typically spend three to four days in the darkness at a cost of $250 a night and are encouraged to take an extra day before and after to integrate the experience.

Each space contains a bed, a toilet, sink and a bathtub, as well as a low table for eating and a carpeted area for yoga and meditation. Sky Cave Retreats

Burak Dalcik, a 27-year-old salesman from Arlington, Virginia, said the four days he spent in the dark at Sky Caves Retreats in January gave him clarity about his priorities. He found he no longer labeled experiences as positive or negative, but rather allowed them to come and to go, which led to less stress and anxiety at work and in his personal life. He also said he started calling his mom, who lives back in Turkey, more frequently.

“It just really trims all the unnecessary fat and allows you to focus on some of the most important things and really allows you to understand who you are,” said Dalcik. “There’s nothing New Age about this – it boils down to can you just sit by yourself with yourself? And if you can’t, you should probably get pretty curious about why.”

Berman cautions the retreat isn’t for everyone, nor should it be seen as a quick fix to one’s troubles.

“It’s not like this magical, mind-blowing, amazing experience – it can be extremely difficult and uncomfortable,” Berman said. “But in the darkness, discomfort is the door to transformation. There’s an acceptance and a profound love that people start to experience when they’re no longer resisting that part of themselves.”

A therapeutic tool or junk science?

For now, there is limited research on how darkness retreats impact the human brain and body. Some centers claim the experience can help heal traumas or activate the pineal gland, another claim is darkness therapy increases melatonin production in the brain.

“That’s totally false,” said Dr. David Blask, the head of the Laboratory of Chrono-Neuroendocrine Oncology at Tulane University School of Medicine. “There may be some psychological benefits that people derive from a darkness retreat that they feel are important for them, but certainly not from a strict endocrine neuroendocrine or biochemical physiological standpoint.”

Dr. Marek Malůš, a psychologist at the University of Ostrava in the Czech Republic who has been studying darkness therapies since 2010, sees the technique as a promising therapeutic tool.

“Your thoughts, memories, emotions, inner world and mental processes become much more balanced and integrated,” Malůš said.

While he and his colleagues are working to secure funding for additional studies, Malůš said preliminary research showed just four days in a darkness chamber was enough to help increase mindfulness and self-esteem, lower symptoms of depression and anxiety, while improving parasympathetic nervous system functions, which helps with stress management and lowering burnout symptoms. Subjects reported feeling the benefits three weeks after the experience.

Berman said he hopes to see more scientific research into the benefits of darkness retreats, but cautions against anyone seeking to use the retreat for some sort of natural high.

“If somebody’s coming here because they want to have a so-called DMT experience, you’ve come into the wrong place,” he said. “But there is a lot of benefit in not looking outside of ourselves for confirmation of our worth and using the darkness to illuminate our true nature.”

For those who aren’t able to commit the time or money for a darkness retreat but want a taste of some of the benefits, Berman suggests starting small at home.

“It’s about becoming accustomed to authentically slowing down, putting the phone away, turning out the lights, closing the blinds and just resting,” he said. “Not to get somewhere, not to heal but just to be curious about what’s actually happening within yourself.”CNN —

The number of young children in the US who have died from opioid overdoses has increased significantly, according to a new study on accidental poisonings of children 5 and younger.

The study, published Wednesday in the journal Pediatrics, looked at a nationwide database and found 731 children 5 and under among poison-related fatalities between 2005 and 2018. Some of the children were poisoned by over-the-counter pain, cold and allergy medicines, but the highest number of fatal poisonings by far were from opioids.

The trend got worse over time. In 2005, opioids accounted for 24.1% (seven of 29) of the substances contributing to child deaths, compared with 52.2% (24 of 46) in 2018.

“It truly is striking to see, looking at this data, how different the proportions were between 2005 and 2018,” said study co-author Dr. Christopher Gaw, an associate fellow at Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia whose research primarily focuses on pediatric injury and poisoning.

The number of deadly poisonings in this age group had been decreasing since the passage of the Poison Prevention Packaging Act in 1970, when harder-to-open childproof packaging became a standard for many medicines, other studies have shown.

Gaw thinks that people’s preferences for particular drugs have shifted and that that has had an impact on fatality numbers.

In the late 1990s and early 2000s, prescription-based opioids were the drug of choice. As guidelines became stricter and more doctors and dentists became aware of the opioid epidemic, they prescribed fewer opioids, so people turned to things like heroin and fentanyl.

Illicitly used drugs like fentanyl, which is 100 times stronger than morphine and can kill quickly, don’t come in childproof packaging.

The new study builds on work that has shown a steady increase in the number of children killed by opioids, alongside rising deaths in adults. Drug overdose deaths have quintupled since 1999, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and nearly 75% of the 91,799 overdose deaths in 2020 involved an opioid.

Medication safety initiatives to cut the number of opioids in circulation have helped reduce opioid use to some extent, but the initiatives can’t address the illicit drug trade, research shows.

The new study can’t explain how the young victims got hold of drugs, but it does offer some details on circumstances in which these deaths happened.

Child protective services departments had open case files for 97 of the children who died. There was a documented history of child maltreatment in 153 of the cases, and nearly a third of those who died with a history of mistreatment were less than a year old.

More than two-fifths of the children who died were infants, less than a year old.

More than 65% of the deaths happened at home. Nearly a third were under the supervision of someone who was not their biological parent.

Of cases in which the circumstances were documented, more than 40% of the deaths were accidental overdoses. A little less than 18% were considered deliberate poisonings.

The researchers on the new study pulled records for all children 5 and younger from the National Fatality Review-Case Reporting System, a database of death records from 40 US states in which a variety of interdisciplinary groups review any child fatality within their jurisdiction. America’s poison centers keep their own data on pediatric poisoning deaths and have found similar trends.

“What we tend to see at the poison center level is that opioids are associated with the most cases of pediatric fatality compared to other substances,” said Kait Brown, clinical managing director of the American Association of Poison Control Centers, who was not involved in the new research.

Brown has also noticed a decline in exposures to prescription opioids like hydrocodone and oxycodone and an increase in fentanyl exposures. Additionally, there’s been an increase in children poisoned by opioid abstinence medications like methadone.

“Most of the time, when the kids are being exposed, it’s accidental,” Brown said. People may keep prescriptions in easy-to-open pill organizers instead of childproof bottles. They may even keep them loose in a pocket, since many of these medicines are for pain. A pill then could fall into the open, where small children could easily find it.

Gaw says most of these young victims probably find drugs as they are exploring the world around them.

“So kids, when they grow and develop, they move around. They explore their environment. They love putting things in their mouth,” he said.

Gaw said it’s important for health care providers to remind caregivers that the best way to keep kids safe is to focus on preparedness and prevention.

“Try to keep dangerous substances, whatever they may be, out of reach, out of sight, out of mind of children, preferably behind a locked cabinet,” he said.

If you have unused medication, you can take it to a pharmacy or another safe-disposal location rather than tossing it into a trash can.

Gaw encourages all caregivers to keep the poison control number handy: (800) 222-1222.

He hopes his study will prompt providers to educate parents about the risks that drugs pose. He also wants to see wider availability of naloxone, the opioid antidote, also known as Narcan. It’s safe for children and can reverse an overdose.

In February, two independent advisory committees for the US Food and Drug Administration voted unanimously in favor of making naloxone nose spray available over-the-counter to increase access. The FDA commissioner has taken those recommendations into consideration and could make a decision any day.

Get CNN Health's weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team.

Gaw said it is also important for health systems to continue finding ways to limit how many opioids are in a young child’s environment. And if adults with substance use disorders get help, he says, the child will be helped too.

“It is incredibly sad, but I think it’s important to really highlight because we don’t want children to be forgotten in this epidemic, because they’re also at risk,” Gaw said. “Their risk is related to the larger world that they’re in.”CNN —

Up to 20,000 people who attended a religious gathering at a college in Wilmore, Kentucky, in February could have been exposed to a person later diagnosed with measles.

On Friday, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued an alert to clinicians and public health officials about the confirmed case of measles in an individual present at the gathering who had not been vaccinated against the disease.

“If you attended the Asbury University gathering on February 17 or 18 and you are unvaccinated or not fully vaccinated against measles, you should quarantine for 21 days after your last exposure and monitor yourself for symptoms of measles so that you do not spread measles to others,” according to the CDC advisory.

This is a digitally-colorized, thin-section transmission electron microscopic image of a single measles virus particle, with the viral nucleocapsid situated underneath the viral envelope, surrounded by surface projections. CDC

The CDC also recommended that people who are unvaccinated receive the measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR) vaccine.

Reading this news, people may have questions about measles, including its symptoms, infection outcomes and who is most at risk. They may also want to know what makes measles so contagious, what has been the cause of recent outbreaks and how effective the MMR vaccine is.

To help answer these questions, I spoke with CNN Medical Analyst Dr. Leana Wen, an emergency physician and professor of health policy and management at the George Washington University Milken Institute School of Public Health. Previously, she served as Baltimore’s health commissioner, where her duties included overseeing the city’s immunization and infectious disease investigations.

CNN: What is measles, and what are the symptoms?

Dr. Leana Wen: Measles is an extremely contagious illness that’s caused by the measles virus. Despite many public health advances, including the development of the MMR vaccine, it remains a major cause of death among children globally.

The measles virus is transmitted via droplets from the nose, mouth or throat of infected individuals. If someone is infected and coughs or sneezes, droplets can land on you and infect you. These droplets can land on surfaces, and if you touch the surface and then touch your nose or mouth, that could infect you, too.

Symptoms usually appear 10 to 12 days after infection. They include a high fever, runny nose, conjunctivitis (pink eye) and small, painless white spots on the inside of the mouth. A few days after these symptoms begin, many individuals develop a characteristic rash — flat red spots that generally start on the face and then spread downward over the neck, trunk, arms, legs and feet. The spots can become joined together as they spread and can be accompanied by a high fever.

A nurse gives a woman a measles, mumps and rubella virus vaccin at the Utah County Health Department on April 29, 2019 in Provo, Utah. George Frey/Getty Images

CNN: What are outcomes of measles infections? Who is most at risk?

Wen: Many individuals recover without incident. Others, however, can develop severe complications.

One in five unvaccinated people with measles are hospitalized, according to the CDC. As many as 1 out of every 20 children with measles will get pneumonia; about 1 in 1,000 who get measles can develop encephalitis, a swelling of the brain that can lead to seizures and leave the child with lasting disabilities. And nearly 1 to 3 out of every 1,000 children who are infected with measles will die.

Measles is not only a concern for children. It can also cause premature births in pregnant women who contract it. Immunocompromised people, such as cancer patients and those infected with HIV, are also at increased risk.

CNN: What makes measles so contagious?

Wen: Measles is one of the most contagious diseases in the world — up to 90% of the unvaccinated people who come into contact with a contagious individual will also become infected. The measles virus can remain in the air for up to two hours after an infected person leaves an area.

Another reason why measles spreads so easily is its long incubation period. In infected people, the time from exposure to fever is an average of about 10 days, and from exposure to rash onset is about 14 days — but could be up to 21 days. In addition, infected people are contagious from four days before rash starts through four days after. That’s a long period of time where they could unknowingly infect others.

CNN: What has been the cause of recent measles outbreaks?

Wen: It’s important to note that this incident in Kentucky is not yet considered an outbreak. Only one person has been diagnosed with measles. That person was possibly exposed to many others given the number of people in attendance at this gathering, but we don’t know yet if any of those people were infected.

But let’s look at a recent example of a confirmed outbreak in the US: In November 2022, health officials in central Ohio raised alarm over young children being diagnosed with measles. In all, 85 children got sick. None of the children died, but 36 needed to be hospitalized. All those infected were either unvaccinated or not yet fully vaccinated.

Health officials were able to contain the outbreak through contact tracing, vaccination and other public health measures in early February, and it was declared over. But there is concern it won’t be the last of its kind. A study from the CDC reported the rate of immunizations for required vaccines among kindergarten students nationwide dropped from 95% in the 2019-20 school year to 93% in the 2021-22 school year. Some communities have far lower rates than this national average, however, which can lead to outbreaks — not only of measles but also diseases like polio that can also have severe consequences.

CNN: How effective is the MMR vaccine?

Wen: The MMR vaccine is a two-dose vaccine. The recommendation is for children to receive the first dose at age 12-15 months and the second dose at age 4-6 years. One dose of the MMR vaccine 93% effective at preventing measles infection. Two doses are 97% effective.

CNN: What is the best way to protect against measles?

Wen: The MMR vaccine is an extremely safe and very effective vaccine and is recognized as a significant public health advance for preventing an otherwise extremely contagious disease from spreading and causing potentially very severe — even fatal — outcomes.

Consider that the vaccine was licensed in the US in 1963. In the four years before that, there were an average of more than 500,000 cases of measles every year and over 430 measles-associated deaths. By 1998, there were just 89 cases and no measles-associated deaths. That’s a huge public health triumph.

Young children should receive the vaccine according to the recommended schedule. Older kids and adults who never received it should also discuss getting it with their health care provider. And clinicians and public health officials in the US and around the world should redouble efforts to increase routine childhood immunizations so as to stop preventable diseases from making a comeback.CNN —

Adults who had a lower respiratory tract infection such as bronchitis or pneumonia before the age of 2 may be at higher risk of dying prematurely from respiratory disease, according to a new study. Experts say the decades-long research may not directly apply to today’s kids but shows how health effects can linger over a lifetime.

The study, published Tuesday in The Lancet, followed 3,589 people across England and Wales who were born in 1946 and looked at health and death records up to 2019.

The researchers found that people who had a lower respiratory tract infection during early childhood were 93% more likely to die by age 73 compared with those who didn’t have a lower respiratory tract infection during early childhood.

Just over 2% of the participants who had had an infection at a young age died prematurely, compared with 1.1% of those without infections. The association was independent of socioeconomic factors and smoking status.

Even if things are different for today’s children, the research offers a note of caution for older people and shows how we can carry health effects over our entire lives.

“Our kids get vaccinated for pneumococcal pneumonia. They get vaccinated for pertussis,” said Dr. Christian Sandrock, a physician in pulmonology at the University of California Davis Medical Center who was not involved in the study. “So I don’t think this study translates into what happens for kids nowadays, but I think it really relays the importance of childhood lower respiratory tract infections, including in older adults that we manage now.”

Early childhood is a critical period of lung development, and experts say that lower respiratory tract infections in those years can cause damage and scarring that increases the risk of airway disease.

“Any sort of insult that happens during that period of lung growth could diminish your lung capacity. And so you start adulthood, basically, without a full tank of gas from a lung perspective,” said Dr. Andrea Jonas, a physician in pulmonology and critical care medicine at Stanford University who was not involved with the research.

In the study, adult deaths from respiratory disease increased with more frequent early childhood lower respiratory tract infection, infections requiring hospitalization or infection before 1 year of age.

The researchers also reported that early childhood lower respiratory infections accounted for 1 in 5 premature adult deaths from respiratory disease, which they say challenges the assumption that life-limiting diseases such as COPD result only from choices made as adults.

“Current preventative measures for adult respiratory disease mainly focus on adult lifestyle risk factors such as smoking. Linking one in five of adult respiratory deaths to common infections many decades earlier in childhood shows the need to target risk well before adulthood,” Dr. James Allinson, lead author of the study and a respiratory consultant at Royal Brompton Hospital, said in a statement. “To prevent the perpetuation of existing adult health inequalities, we need to optimize childhood health.”

Sandrock says that although children today may not carry the same risk reported in the decades-long study, those who develop a lower respiratory tract infection before the age of 2 should get the appropriate vaccines to decrease the risk of future infections.

Pulmonary function tests and scans like X-rays or CT scans can show signs of damage or scarring from lower respiratory tract infections. Jonas says that people who have this damage and scarring should avoid nicotine products to preserve lung function.

“You start out with less than a full tank of gas, and then you’re using up your lung capacity that much faster if you add smoking to the equation,” she said.

Experts recommend that older adults who had lung infections at young ages should maintain lung health with regular exercise and lung cleansing techniques.

Get CNN Health's weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team.

“They are not the same as someone without an infection in their childhood,” Sandrock said. “You want to be able to have them in a better place so they can handle the bumps that come down the road and not end up dying of a respiratory infection.”

Experts hope the new research emphasizes the importance of preventing and promptly treating respiratory infections.

“Lung health is something that has really come to the forefront,” Jonas said, and the study “really highlights the importance of healthy lungs to lead to a long, healthy life.”Editor’s Note: Sign up for CNN’s Stress, But Less newsletter. Our six-part mindfulness guide will inform and inspire you to reduce stress while learning how to harness it.

CNN —

Sighs — those long, exhales of breath often accompanied with a bit of a whimper — have long been seen as a sigh of melancholy, frustration or even despair, leading us to ask the sighing person, “What’s wrong?”

A recent study turns that notion on its head. Instead of seeing sighs as sadness or exasperation, recognize them for what they accomplish — stress relief, said Dr. David Spiegel, a professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences and director of the Center on Stress and Health at Stanford University School of Medicine.

“People think taking a deep breath is the way to ease stress,” he said. “But it turns out that exhaling slowly is a better way to calm yourself.”

A variety of ways to breathe

You breathe without thinking, but what’s the best way to inhale and exhale while you’re thinking about it — especially if the goal is better health?

To find out, Spiegel and his team conducted a study, published earlier this year in Cell Reports Medicine, comparing three different types of deep breathing with mindfulness meditation. The goal was to see whether a breathing technique might be as effective as meditation in reducing stress.

Researchers sorted 114 people into four groups and asked them to practice mindful meditation or one breathing exercise — box breathing, cyclic hyperventilation or cyclic sighing — for five minutes a day for 28 days.

Box breathing requires a person to breathe in, hold, breathe out, and pause equally (like the sides of a box) to the count of four. In cyclic hyperventilation, a person breathes in deeply and out quickly — the inhalations are much longer than the exhalations.

In cyclic sighing, a person inhales through the nose until the lungs are halfway full, then pauses briefly. The lungs are then filled completely with another breath, and then the breath is slowly exhaled out the mouth.

“You want the exhalation to be like twice as long as the inhalation,” said Spiegel, who is also the medical director of Stanford’s Center for Integrative Medicine.

The team then assessed mood, anxiety levels and sleep behavior after each breathing or meditation session, as well as respiratory and heart rate variability.

Sleep was not affected, the study found. All forms of breathing and meditation increased positive mood and improved anxiety. However, breathing was more effective than meditation, with cyclic sighing making the most difference, the study found.

“Cyclic sighing is a pretty rapid way to calm yourself,” Spiegel said. “Many people can do it about three times in a row and see immediate relief from anxious feelings and stress.”

While interesting, the study was small, and doesn’t take away from all the work in progress on the benefits of any form of breath work or meditation, said stress management expert Dr. Cynthia Ackrill, former editor for Contentment Magazine, produced by the American Institute of Stress.

“We know that bringing your attention to any form of breath work starts the process of awareness that feeds mindfulness and its benefits,” she said in an email. “As long as we are all experimenting with mind-body connections with open minds and finding something that calms us, yay!”

Why breathing works

Deliberately taking a slow, deep breath, holding it, and then letting it out slowly activates the parasympathetic nervous system, responsible for controlling how the body rests and digests, Spiegel said. Heart rate slows, blood pressure drops, digestion is improved and the mind begins to wind down and relax.

Deep breathing triggeres the body's parasympathetic system, which slows heart rate and stress. d3sign/Moment RF/Getty Images

Contrast that to a sharp inhale of breath, which you might take when you’re afraid or in danger. That triggers the sympathetic nervous system, responsible for getting us ready to fight or flee.

“The brake works more healthfully than the accelerator here,” Spiegel said. “By slowing your heart when you do this cyclic sighing you’re immediately soothing yourself in a rather rapid way.”

“We believe breathing is a pathway into mind-body control,” he added. “It’s part of the autonomic system like digestion and your heartbeat, but unlike those body functions, you can easily regulate breathing.”

Other ways to breathe deeply

This isn’t the first study on the topic. Researchers have been busy trying out different methods to see which calms the body the quickest, longest, or most deeply, and which gives the most health benefits.

Many breathing methods are borrowed from ancient yoga, martial arts and meditation practices. For example, the 4-7-8 method, in which you breathe in while counting to four counts, hold the breath for seven counts and exhale while counting to eight, is based on pranayama, an ancient form of breath regulation practiced in Hinduism and Buddhism.

There are all sorts of variations: The 4-4 method, in which you breathe in and out for a count of four; the 6-6 method, in which you breathe in and out to the count of six; alternate nostril breathing and many more.

Diaphragmatic breathing, also known as belly breathing, has been practiced for millennia by practitioners of tai chi and yoga. It requires the breath to be inhaled so deeply that it fills the abdomen — you can tell if you’re doing it right by watching your stomach rise and fall.

A 2020 meta-analysis found diaphragmatic breathing is especially beneficial for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), and might be helpful in reducing stress and anxiety and treating constipation, eating disorders, high blood pressure and migraines.

You don’t have to sigh or breathe loudly to get the benefits of any forms of breathing, Ackrill said.

“These don’t need to be audible sighs, you can just change the rate quietly,” she said. “And you just might get the people around you to slow down their breathing as well.”

So go ahead. Take a deep breath and let it out in a huge, long, slow sigh. And if anyone does ask what’s wrong, you can smile and say, “Absolutely nothing! I’m just releasing my stress.”For years, the FDA has defended its efforts to intercept prescription drugs coming from abroad by mail as necessary to keep out dangerous opioids, including fentanyl.

The pharmaceutical industry frequently cites such concerns in its battle to stymie numerous proposals in Washington to allow Americans to buy drugs from Canada and other countries where prices are almost always much lower.

But the agency’s own data from recent years on its confiscation of packages containing drugs coming through international mail provides scant evidence that a significant number of opioids enters this way. In the two years for which KHN obtained data from the agency, only a tiny fraction of the drugs inspected contained opioids.

The overwhelming majority were uncontrolled prescription drugs that people had ordered, presumably because they can’t afford the prices at home.

The FDA still stops those drugs, because they lack U.S. labeling and packaging, which federal authorities say ensure they were made under U.S. supervision and tracking.

The FDA said it found 33 packages of opioids and no fentanyl sent by mail in 2022 out of nearly 53,000 drug shipments its inspectors examined at international mail facilities. That’s about 0.06% of examined packages.

According to a detailed breakdown of drugs intercepted in 2020, the lion’s share of what was intercepted — and most often destroyed — was pharmaceuticals. The No. 1 item was cheap erectile dysfunction pills, like generic Viagra. But there were also prescribed medicines to treat asthma, diabetes, cancer, and HIV.

FDA spokesperson Devin Koontz said the figures don’t reflect the full picture because U.S. Customs and Border Protection is the primary screener at the mail facilities.

But data obtained from the customs agency shows it likewise found few opioids: Of more than 30,000 drugs it intercepted in 2022 at the international mail facilities, only 111 were fentanyl and 116 were other opioids.

On average, Americans pay more than twice the price for exactly the same drugs as people in other countries. In polling, 7% of U.S. adults say they do not take their medicines because they can’t afford them. About 8% admit they or someone else in their household has ordered medicines from overseas to save money, though it is technically illegal in most cases. At least four states — Florida, Colorado, New Hampshire, and New Mexico — have proposed programs that would allow residents to import drugs from Canada.

While the FDA has found only a relatively small number of opioids, including fentanyl, in international mail, Congress gave the agency a total of $10 million in 2022 and 2023 to expand efforts to interdict shipments of opioids and other unapproved drugs.

“Additional staffing coupled with improved analytical technology and data analytics techniques will allow us to not only examine more packages but will also increase our targeting abilities to ensure we are examining packages with a high probability of containing violative products,” said Dan Solis, assistant commissioner for import operations at the FDA.

But drug importation proponents worry the increased inspections targeting opioids will result in more uncontrolled substances being blocked in the mail.

“The FDA continues to ask for more and more taxpayer money to stop fentanyl and opioids at international mail facilities, but it appears to be using that money to refuse and destroy an increasing number of regular international prescription drug orders,” said Gabe Levitt, president of PharmacyChecker.com, which accredits foreign online pharmacies that sell medicines to customers in the U.S. and worldwide. “The argument that importing drugs is going to inflame the opioid crisis doesn’t make any sense.”

“The nation’s fentanyl import crisis should not be conflated with safe personal drug importation,” Levitt said.

He was not surprised at the low number of opioids being sent through the mail: In 2022, an organization he heads called Prescription Justice received 2020 FDA data through a Freedom of Information Act request. It showed that FDA inspectors intercepted 214 packages with opioids and no fentanyl out of roughly 50,000 drug shipments. In contrast, they found nearly 12,000 packages containing erectile dysfunction pills. They also blocked thousands of packages containing prescription medicines to treat a host of other conditions.

Over 90% of the drugs found at international mail facilities are destroyed or denied entry into the United States, FDA officials said.

In 2019, an FDA document touted the agency’s efforts to stop fentanyl coming into the United States by mail amid efforts to stop other illegal drugs.

Levitt was pleased that Congress in December added language to a federal spending bill that he said would refocus the FDA mail inspections. It said the “FDA’s efforts at International Mail Facilities must focus on preventing controlled, counterfeit, or otherwise dangerous pharmaceuticals from entering the United States. Further, funds made available in this Act should prioritize cases in which importation poses a significant threat to public health.”

Levitt said the language should shift the FDA from stopping shipments containing drugs for cancer, heart conditions, and erectile dysfunction to blocking controlled substances, including opioids.

But the FDA’s Koontz said the language won’t change the type of drugs FDA inspectors examine, because every drug is potentially dangerous. “Importing drugs from abroad simply for cost savings is not a good enough reason to expose yourself to the additional risks,” he said. “The drug may be fine, but we don’t know, so we assume it is not.”

He said even drugs that are made in the same manufacturing facilities as drugs intended for sale in the United States can be dangerous because they lack U.S. labeling and packaging that ensure they were made properly and handled within the U.S. supply chain.

FDA officials say drugs bought from foreign pharmacies are 10 times as likely to be counterfeit as drugs sold in the United States.

To back up that claim, the FDA cites congressional testimony from a former agency official in 2005 who — while working for a drug industry-funded think tank — said between 8% and 10% of the global medicine supply chain is counterfeit.

The FDA said it doesn’t have data showing which drugs it finds are unsafe counterfeits and which drugs lack proper labeling or packaging. The U.S. Customs and Border Protection data shows that, among the more than 30,000 drugs it inspected in 2022, it found 365 counterfeits.

Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, the trade group for the industry, funds a nonprofit advocacy organization called Partnership for Safe Medicines, which has run media campaigns to oppose drug importation efforts with the argument that it would worsen the fentanyl epidemic.

Shabbir Safdar, executive director of the Partnership for Safe Medicines, a group funded by U.S. pharmaceutical manufacturers, said he was surprised the amount of fentanyl and opioids found by customs and FDA inspectors in the mail was so low. He said that historically it has been a problem, but he could not provide proof of that claim.

He said federal agencies are not inspecting enough packages to get the full picture. “With limited resources we may be getting fooled by the smugglers,” he said. “We need to be inspecting the right 50,000 packages each year.”

For decades, millions of Americans seeking to save money have bought drugs from foreign pharmacies, with most sales done online. Although the FDA says people are not allowed to bring prescription drugs into the United States except in rare cases, dozens of cities, county governments, and school districts help their employees buy drugs from abroad.

The Trump administration said in 2020 that drugs could be safely imported and opened the door for states to apply to the FDA to start importation programs. But the Biden administration has yet to approve any.

A federal judge in February threw out a lawsuit filed by PhRMA and the Partnership for Safe Medicines to block the federal drug importation program, saying it’s unclear when, if ever, the federal government would approve any state programs.

Levitt and other importation advocates say the process is often safe largely because the drugs being sold to people with valid prescriptions via international mail are FDA-approved drugs with labeling different from that found at U.S. pharmacies, or foreign versions of FDA-approved drugs made at the same facilities as drugs sold in the U.S. or similarly regulated facilities. Most drugs sold at U.S. pharmacies are already produced abroad.

Because of the sheer volume of mail, even as the FDA has stepped up staffing at the mail facilities in recent years, the agency can physically inspect fewer than 1% of packages presumed to contain drugs, FDA officials said.

Get CNN Health's weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team.

Solis said the agency targets its interdiction efforts to packages from countries from which it believes counterfeit or illegal drugs are more likely to come.

Advocates for importation say efforts to block it protect the pharmaceutical industry’s profits and hurt U.S. residents trying to afford their medicines.

“We have never seen a rash of deaths or harm from prescription drugs that people bring across the border from verified pharmacies, because these are the same drugs that people buy in American pharmacies,” said Alex Lawson, executive director of Social Security Works, which advocates for lower drug prices. “The pharmaceutical industry is using the FDA to protect their price monopoly to keep their prices high.”