CNN —

Gary Lineker will take a step back from presenting “Match of the Day,” the iconic British football show, following controversy about a tweet he wrote earlier in the week, the BBC announced on Friday.

On Tuesday, Lineker tweeted “Good heavens, this is beyond awful” to a video posted on Twitter by the British Home Office announcing the government’s asylum seeker policy.

He then continued to write: “There is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s, and I’m out of order?”

A statement from the BBC said the decision for Lineker to step back followed “extensive discussions” with the former England international and his team.

“We have said that we consider his recent social media activity to be a breach of our guidelines,” the statement said.

“The BBC has decided that he will step back from presenting Match of the Day until we’ve got an agreed and clear position on his use of social media.

“When it comes to leading our football and sports coverage, Gary is second to none. We have never said that Gary should be an opinion free zone, or that he can’t have a view on issues that matter to him, but we have said that he should keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies.”

Lineker’s team declined to comment on the BBC statement when contacted by CNN.

No presenters or pundits on Match of the Day

No presenters or pundits will appear on this Saturday’s Match of the Day show, after a series of statements of support for Lineker.

Former football players Alan Shearer and Ian Wright both announced on Twitter that they had told the BBC they would not appear on the show.

“I have informed the BBC that I won’t be appearing on MOTD tomorrow night,” Shearer wrote on Twitter.

“Everybody knows what Match of the Day means to me, but I’ve told the BBC I won’t be doing it tomorrow. Solidarity,” Wright tweeted.

“Some of our pundits have said that they don’t wish to appear on the programme while we seek to resolve the situation with Gary. We understand their position and we have decided that the programme will focus on match action without studio presentation or punditry,” a BBC spokesperson said on Friday evening.

Dan Walker, a former BBC Breakfast and Football Focus presenter, also tweeted: “I used to sit in for Gary Lineker on MOTD… not sure I’d fancy it this weekend. What a mess!”

Meanwhile, the BECTU union who represent BBC staff, expressed their concern on Friday about the BBC’s decision.

“This is a deeply concerning decision from the BBC. It will give the appearance that they have bowed to political pressure from ministers to take someone off air for disagreeing with the policies of the current government,” the Head of BECTU, Philippa Childs said in a statement.

“Taken with the ongoing controversy over the appointment of the BBC Chairman, who has a much more important role in upholding the reputation of the BBC, and who has not stepped back while under investigation, it also risks given the impression of double standards on these issues.”CNN —

Mikaela Shiffrin won her 86th World Cup race on Friday – triumphing in the giant slalom in Åre, Sweden – to match the overall record set by skiing legend Ingemar Stenmark.

Shiffrin is now on the precipice of becoming the sport’s all-time winningest athlete – man or woman – and can break the record on Saturday in the slalom.

“This is just a spectacular day,” a beaming Shiffrin said after the race. “I just wanted to push and fight for it.”

She finished her final race 00.64 seconds ahead of her nearest rival Federica Brignone despite the Italian scoring the fastest time in the second run.

It was the 27-year-old American’s 20th giant slalom victory and brought her level with Vreni Schneider for the women’s record number of wins in that discipline.

Shiffrin’s compatriot Lindsey Vonn, who reached 83 World Cup wins and was the women’s record holder before Shiffrin overtook her, tweeted, “Congrats!! Dominating.”

Friday’s victory also secured Shiffrin her 15th giant slalom crystal globe. The American had already claimed the overall and slalom titles earlier this season.

Shiffrin can claim the record for herself on Saturday when she returns to the slopes in the slalom, which starts at 04:15 a.m. ET.

If she doesn’t claim victory in her favorite race the American skier will have another shot at glory next week at the World Cup finals in Andorra where she will compete in the downhill, super-G, grand slalom and slalom.

Shiffrin won the record-tying race at the same venue she won her first World Cup race in 2012. Pontus Lundahl/TT News Agency/Reuters

Breaking Stenmark’s record would cap a remarkable season for Shiffrin given she did not pick up a single medal from five races at the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing and failed to finish in three of them.

She has taken 12 World Cup victories so far this season, five short of her own record of 17 set in 2018-19.

In February, Shiffrin overtook Vonn’s women’s record of 82 wins before she secured her seventh career Alpine world championships gold medal in the Alps which made her the most successful skier in the modern era (post World War II).

Shiffrin spoke to CNN’s Amanda Davies in January, saying, “I feel like I don’t push myself if my rivals aren’t pushing me, and my whole career, I’ve always had at least one main rival. That’s always in my mind. What are they doing? What are they working on?”

“Even if I’m training alone, I’m always thinking, ‘Can I ski this faster?’ And if I can, then I better because somebody else probably is.”

Shiffrin has now won 52 slaloms, 20 giant slaloms, five super-Gs, five parallels, three downhills and one Alpine combined.CNN —

Former NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick accused his White adoptive parents of perpetuating racism in their household in an interview with CBS’ Adriana Diaz on Thursday.

“I know my parents loved me, but there were still very problematic things that I went through,” the 35-year-old said.

“I think it was important to show that, no, this can happen in your home, and how you move forward collectively while addressing the racism that is being perpetuated.”

Kaepernick revealed that when he had cornrows as a child, his mother said, “Your hair is not professional, you look like a little thug.”

The former San Francisco 49ers quarterback added: “Those become spaces where it’s like, ‘How do I navigate this situation now?’ But it also has informed why I have my hair long today.”

Rick and Teresa Kaepernick are a couple from Wisconsin. CNN attempted to reach out to them for comment but did not immediately receive a response.

Kaepernick, second right, is pictured with his parents, from left, Rick and Teresa Kaepernick, and his partner Nessa Diab arriving at the 3rd annual "Dear Mama: A Love Letter to Moms" at The Theatre at Ace Hotel on Thursday, May 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP

In “Colin in Black and White,” a Netflix series revisiting Kaepernick’s childhood from 2021, there is a scene depicting the moment the former NFL player’s mother calls him a “thug” because they disapprove of his hair.

The book, titled ‘Colin Kaepernick: Change the Game,’ is “a graphic novel memoir detailing his high school years before he entered the spotlight of professional sports,” according to the Scholastic publishing group’s press release. It was co-written with Eve Ewing.

Eli Harold #58, Kaepernick #7 and Eric Reid #35 of the San Francisco 49ers kneel for the anthem prior to the game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at Levi Stadium on October 23, 2016 in Santa Clara, California. Michael Zagaris/San Francisco 49ers/Getty Images

In the same interview, Kaepernick said he still has a desire to play football professionally.

'Colin Kaepernick: Change the Game,' is co-written by Kaepernick and author Eve L. Ewing and illustrated by Orlando Caicedo. From Kaepernick Publishiing

He hasn’t played in the NFL since 2016 after his refusal to stand for the national anthem ahead of games to protest police brutality and racial injustice while he was a San Francisco 49er sparked controversy.CNN —

After his credibility as Manchester United captain was widely questioned following the 7-0 drubbing against Liverpool on Sunday, Bruno Fernandes showed a very different side of his game against Real Betis in the Europa League.

The midfielder once again led his side out at Old Trafford on Thursday and produced a scintillating performance to inspire United to a 4-1 win in the round of 16, first -eg tie.

It was the perfect response to the weekend’s humiliation and United manager Erik ten Hag was impressed by Fernandes’ reaction.

“For Bruno, I think he was brilliant today,” Ten Hag told reporters after the game.

“He led the team from the first minute by his game. In possession, he made the rhythm of the game and he scored a goal so I am happy.”

Fernandes was singled out for widespread criticism after Liverpool handed United its worst league defeat since 1931.

Former United captain Gary Neville called the Portuguese playmaker a “disgrace” and “embarrassing at times” during his analysis as a pundit on Sky Sports.

At one point in Sunday’s game Fernandes failed to chase Liverpool midfielder Stefan Bajcetic after the 18-year-old sped away from the United captain

“However bad United were, you cannot just let someone run away from you and give up,” Ex-Blackburn Rovers striker Chris Sutton told the BBC earlier this week. “That’s what the captain of Manchester United did and that’s a bad look.

Sutton also told the BBC that Fernandes “should never put on the armband again for Manchester United.”

Ten Hag, though, stood by his man and once again gave him the armband with club captain Harry Maguire on the bench.

His faith was rewarded with Fernandes returning to the form that made him such a fan favorite when he first joined the club in 2020.

He also scored with a bullet head in the second half while fans inside Old Trafford sang his name throughout the match.

Wout Weghorst was emotional after scoring United's fourth goal of the match. Matthew Peters/Manchester United/Getty Images

It was a welcome result for the club which has been left licking its wounds after the humiliation against its fiercest rivals at the weekend.

”It’s a step in the right direction. We have to build on this now to gain momentum,” Marcus Rashford, who opened the scoring on Thursday, told BT Sport after the game.

”We can’t put too much emphasis on Sunday because it is gone, we can’t change it. We have to look forward now to the next games.”

Betis’ Ayoze Perez had initially equalized after Rashford put United ahead – his 25th goal of the season – but the host turned on the afterburners in the second half.

Antony, Fernandes and Wout Weghorst all contributed goals to cap off the dominant performance which should make the return leg in Spain nothing more than a formality.

With United all but out of the league title race, it can now concentrate on the two cup competitions it remains in having already won the League Cup.

Ten Hag’s team will pay Betis in the second leg on March 16 before facing Fulham in the FA Cup quarterfinals three days later.

Arsenal salvage draw

Elsewhere, Premier League leaders Arsenal drew 2-2 against Sporting Lisbon in its Europa League round of 16, first leg match.

Defender William Saliba had put Arsenal ahead but the host fought back, taking the lead after goals from Goncalo Inacio and Paulinho either side of the break.

Mikel Arteta’s side responded well and salvaged a draw after Sporting’s Hidemasa Morita’s deflected a shot into his own goal.CNN —

The preseason AP No. 1-ranked North Carolina Tar Heels (UNC-Chapel Hill) look likely to miss out on March Madness after suffering a damaging loss to the Virginia Cavaliers in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) tournament quarterfinals.

UNC was defeated 68-59 by the Cavaliers on Thursday, leaving its hopes of playing in the season-ending NCAA men’s basketball tournament in tatters following an underwhelming season.

The Tar Heels enter Selection Sunday with a 20-13 record and having missed out on the opportunity of sealing an automatic qualification spot, now are a long-shot to make the big dance.

According to ESPN, if UNC misses out on the March Madness, it will become the first AP preseason No. 1 to miss it since NC State in 1974/75.

“It was definitely frustrating and disappointing, but one thing I can say about this group is we fight to the end,” Tar Heels guard RJ Davis – who led all scoring on Thursday night with 24 points – said afterwards.

“We’re a resilient group. We may get kicked down, but we always get back up, and that’s something that has been a major theme for this whole team.”

The Tar Heels’ continued struggles from three-point range – they hit 8-of-27 from beyond the arc – haunted the team yet again on Thursday.

Cavaliers guard Armaan Franklin (right) celebrates with teammate Kihei Clark against the North Carolina Tar Heels. John David Mercer/USA TODAY Sports/Reuters

The team’s star big man, Armando Bacot, missed the closing stages of the game, appearing to reaggravate an ankle injury suffered in Wednesday’s second-round win against Boston College.

“It’s not a great feeling,” second-year head coach Hubert Davis said. “Not the expectations that we had coming into the year. It was definitely frustrating and disappointing, but one thing I can say about this group is we fight to the end.”

He added: “I’m sad and disappointed for [the players] that we’re in this position. Just very sad for them.”

With the victory, No. 13 Virginia advanced to the semifinals where it will face the Clemson Tigers.CNN —

Erica Herman, who was a longtime girlfriend of golfer Tiger Woods, has filed two separate complaints after the six-year relationship between the pair came to an end. Both filings were made to the circuit court in Martin County, Florida.

The first suit, filed in October 2022, alleges a trust owned by Woods violated the Florida Residential Landlord Tenant Act by breaking the oral tenancy agreement. The filing states the actual damages “are likely to be measured in excess of $30,000,000.” Woods is not named as a defendant in the October lawsuit.

In December, the trust filed a motion for the court to dismiss with prejudice in response to Herman’s complaint, alleging that the dispute between the two began when Woods broke off his relationship with Herman in October and informed her “that she was no longer welcome in” Woods’ home.

It further states that the non-disclosure agreement (NDA) between the two required “confidential arbitration in all disputes between” Herman and Woods, and that Herman’s suit violates that agreement. A copy of the NDA is attached to Woods’ trust’s motion, but the publicly available version of that document is redacted entirely.

A more recent complaint aimed at nullifying the NDA was served to Woods on Monday. Both cases are being brought by Fisher Potter Hodas, a Florida-based family law specialist. CNN reached out to Fisher Potter Hodas for further comment but did not immediately receive a response.

CNN also reached out to Woods’ representatives for comment but did not immediately receive a response.

The October filing alleges that Woods’ Jupiter Island Irrevocable Homestead Trust unlawfully brought Herman’s tenancy at the couple’s property on the Hobe Sound, Florida, to an end.

The legal filing states, “the Defendant (Woods and his trust) elected to engage in ‘prohibited practices,’ i.e., self-help, causing… severe emotional damages to the Plaintiff. The prohibited practices were done intentionally, with premeditation, and with malice aforethought.”

Woods and Herman pictured in Serena Williams' player's box during Day 3 of the 2022 US Open. Jean Catuffe/GC Images/Getty Images

Specifically, the lawsuit claims “agents of the Defendant” told Herman “to pack a suitcase for a short vacation” before revealing to her that she had been locked out of the house on arrival at the airport. It claims lawyers for the trust were on hand to “confront” Herman with “proposals to resolve the wrongdoing they were in the midst of committing.”

The filing also alleges that agents of Woods and the trust have since removed Herman’s belongings from the property and “misappropriated” over $40,000 of her cash.

The NDA was signed in August 2017 according to the court filing, but Herman believes it is “invalid and unenforceable.”

It notes that during litigation, a trust controlled by Woods commenced an arbitration against Herman based on the NDA, thus expressing its belief that the agreement remains valid.

The filing asks for the “purported arbitration clause” in the NDA be deemed unenforceable under the federal Ending Forced Arbitration Of Sexual Assault And Sexual Harassment Act of 2021 and the federal Speak Out Act.

The former bill, coming into public law in March 2022, “invalidates arbitration agreements that preclude a party from filing a lawsuit in court involving sexual assault or sexual harassment, at the election of the party alleging such conduct,” according to Congress’ website.

The Speak Out Act became public law in December 2022 and “prohibits the judicial enforceability of a nondisclosure clause or nondisparagement clause agreed to before a dispute arises involving sexual assault or sexual harassment.”

The filing does not accuse Woods of sexual assault or sexual harassment. In a civil cover sheet appended to the October suit, Herman’s attorney indicated “no” when asked whether the case “involves allegations of sexual abuse.”CNN —

FC Barcelona was charged on Friday by the Barcelona provincial prosecutor’s office with “continued corruption between individuals in the sports field” in addition to other charges in relation to an alleged payment scandal which has rocked Spanish soccer.

Former FCB presidents Sandro Rosell and Josep Maria Bartomeu, former club CEO Oscar Grau, former club director of professional sports Albert Soler and José María Enríquez Negreira – a former leading refereeing official in Spain – have also been charged.

In a written complaint from the Barcelona Prosecutor’s Office sent to CNN, Barça and the other accused have also been charged with “the crime of continued false administration and the crime of continued falsification of commercial documents.”

The charges were presented to the No. 1 magistrate’s court in Barcelona.

An FCB source told CNN that the club did not have an official statement, though its first reaction was that the charges were to be expected after recent events, but that the report was an “absolutely preliminary investigative hypothesis” and that the club would assist the investigation in any way possible. The source also strongly denied that the club had at any time bribed a referee or tried to influence refereeing decisions.

Spanish lawyer Jose Maria Fuster Fabra confirmed to CNN that he’s representing Bartomeu in this case. “We are preparing the defense and we don’t think this case will go to trial,” he said, declining to make further statements.

CNN has reached out to Enriquez Negreira’s company for comment.

CNN was unable to contact Rosell, Grau and Soler for comment.

Former Barça president Sandro Rosell is one of the accused in the Prosecutor's Office report. Fernando Villar/Pool/AP

According to the Prosecutor’s Office, the accused held positions of power in the club and were aware of payments which were invoiced annually from January 2011 until June 2018 to two companies that Enríquez Negreira – who was serving as a CTA vice president from 1993 to 2018 – founded, which “acted on behalf and in direct benefit to Barcelona.”

The CTA is the governing body responsible for deciding which referees and assistants officiate league and national competitive matches in Spain.

The club is accused of – through both Rosell and Bartomeu – coming to a “strictly confidential verbal agreement” with Enríquez Negreira with the aim to “produce actions which tended to favor Barcelona in the form of refereeing decisions.”

“Subsequently, the companies of the accused, [Nisdal SCP] and [Dasnil 95 SL], produced invoices which were presented for payment to FCB without having to produce any services of real technical reports,” the report said.

The report from the Barcelona’s Prosecutor’s Office outlines that the two companies connected to Enríquez Negreira were founded by him and he held 100% and 95% of the shares in Dasnil 95 and Nisdal respectively.

According to the report, an audit was started by the tax authorities in 2019 into Enríquez Negreira’s companies in which they asked Barcelona to provide copies of invoices and method of payment. Because Barcelona was not able to satisfy the authorities’ questions, the club incurred a tax penalty and an investigation was later opened into Enríquez Negreira and his companies for the time period of 2016 to 2019.

The investigation discovered that the club paid his two companies a total of $3,175,589.21 (€2,971,673.01) between those years, mostly under the pretense of “assessment of technical videos.” After Enríquez Negreira was relieved of his vice presidency at the CTA in 2018, the payments from Barcelona stopped.

Former Barça president Josep Maria Bartomeu was also named in the Prosecutor's Office report. Albert Gea/Reuters

In February 2019, Enríquez Negreira sent a fax directed towards Bartomeu “recriminating him for ending the long-lasting relationship, insisting that a solution be found for both parties and warning him of the consequences of not doing so,” according to the report.

“I don’t have the will to give attention to all of the irregularities I’ve known and lived first-hand with anyone at the Club, but you are forcing me to do so if you don’t reconsider your decision and complete the agreement we had to continue using my services until the end of my presidential mandate,” Enríquez Negreira wrote.

According to the report, the total amount Barça paid Enríquez Negreira’s companies from 2001 to 2018 during his vice-presidency in the CTA surpassed $7.8 million (€7.3 million).

“This resulted in a substantial remuneration, unforeseen by the statutes of the Club nor which was approved by the General Assembly, which should have been given its nature. Definitively, said payments neither had legal or statutory support at all.”

In February, Barcelona said that a “thorough and independent investigation” was underway.

European football governing body UEFA declined to comment on whether it is investigating the club. However, in a press conference earlier in March, Spanish football federation (RFEF) secretary general Andreu Camps said the organization had sent all of its information relating to the case to UEFA’s integrity unit.

CNN has reached out to FIFA for comment.CNN —

The seventh episode of Netflix’s “Full Swing” is named “Golf is Hard.” It could easily serve as the title for the series itself.

Taken literally, it could refer to how golf’s latest fly-on-the-wall show, documenting the 2022 PGA Tour season, shows just how difficult it is to win even a single tournament, let alone multiple or a major.

In the case of Matt Fitzpatrick, US Open triumph – his first PGA Tour win no less – proved the ultimate payoff to a dogged commitment to self-improvement, the reward for countless hours spent pouring over data and spreadsheets.

Dubbed the hardest working player in the men’s game, the 28-year-old Englishman is shown to have logged details of his shots since the age of 15. Trawling through a plastic box stacked with yardage books, Fitzpatrick estimates he has recorded over 7,000 swings from both competitions and the driving range.

Yet Rory McIlroy, despite a season featuring some of the best performances of his sparkling career, could not clinch a fifth major that has eluded him for over eight years.

McIlroy is the main character of the series’ eighth and final episode, which includes a sideline perspective of the Northern Irishman’s heartbreaking falloff in the final round of the Open Championship.

But “Golf is Hard” could also reference just how tough the sport is mentally on its biggest stars. Many of the show’s most compelling scenes are not of the golf itself, but instead those that allow viewers to peer into the psychological state of professional athletes navigating the pressures of elite sport.

McIlroy's wait for a fifth major continued at the 150th Open Championship in St. Andrews, Scotland, in July 2022. Warren Little / Getty Images

Troubles young and old

Emotional strains are shown manifesting differently for golfers at different stages of their career.

While rookie Sahith Theegala suffers the mental torture of an agonizing near-miss in the pursuit of his maiden win, Ian Poulter – into his 23rd season on the PGA Tour – contemplates his future in a field being frequently bossed by players half his age.

Just two months into his debut year after a prodigious US college career, Theegala tied for the lead at the Waste Management Phoenix Open in February 2022, with just two holes to play. But after a bogey at the 17th, a dejected Theegala trudged off the final green one stroke short of making the playoff – eventually won by Scottie Scheffler.

Fighting back tears in his press conference, after he finished answering questions cameras captured the rookie collapsing into the arms of his parents. Their efforts to console their distraught son – “It’s okay, it’s okay, you’ll get your day soon” – make for scenes as heartbreaking as they are touching.

Theegala acknowledges the crowd after narrowly missing out on the 2022 WM Phoenix Open title. Christian Petersen/Getty Images

“Sometimes you become a better player by failures,” says Theegala’s father Murli in the show.

“So I felt that maybe that’s great for him that he didn’t win. Psychologically, I feel like because there’s that hunger in him that he can still play well.”

“But I told him, ‘Hey, winning is not easy. It (losing) makes you stronger.’ I’m really, really proud of what he’s accomplished.”

Meanwhile, the “will he, won’t he” narrative around Poulter potentially joining the breakaway LIV Golf Series is framed around his desire to “maximize” his potential given his veteran status on the Tour.

His frustrations are in full view after a defeat to Fitzpatrick, one that deals a crushing blow to Poulter’s hopes of making The Masters. Facing his young English compatriot in a match-play event – a format at which Poulter is renowned for his proficiency – he is beaten decisively.

Upon returning to the locker room, Poulter’s frustrations boil over as he screams and throws his clubs. The 46-year-old later becomes one of the first to sign up for LIV Golf, which offers guaranteed prize money, in spite of the decision potentially ending his chances of captaining Team Europe at the Ryder Cup – a tournament he adores.

“People ask all the time, don’t you have enough (money) already? But that’s all relative,” Poulter says in the episode.

“I treat my golf as a job, and I want to obviously maximize every bit of my potential over the coming years.”

Poulter suffered an early exit at the World Golf Championships-Dell Technologies Match Play in March 2022. Gregory Shamus/Getty Images

Family ties

Somewhere in between Poulter and Theegala is Tony Finau, a five-time PGA Tour winner balancing his career with family responsibilities. As the show poses the question of why the American, given his talent, hasn’t lifted more silverware, the spotlight is turned on his close proximity to his family.

For the majority of the 2022 calendar, Finau traveled to events with his family, a decision prompted by the passing of his wife Alayna’s father. The golfer’s commitment to his partner, as well as his attitude to golf, is shown to be rooted in the loss of his own mother, who died in a car accident in November 2011, a day before Finau’s son was born.

“There’s always a special person in my life that’s never able to be here … I had a pretty amazing mom,” an emotional Finau says during a speech at an event for the foundation he has set up in his home of Salt Lake City.

“I feel like I just have to show the world not only what a great player I am, but the person I was raised to be.”

That attitude gives Finau conviction in how he has balanced his priorities, despite his reputation as the nearly-man of golf following an array of strong – but ultimately fruitless – major showings.

Video Ad Feedback Tony Finau's quest for his debut major 05:48 - Source: CNN

The episode juxtaposes his career with that of two-time major champion Collin Morikawa, who travels predominantly alone and discusses the benefits of being “selfish” while pursuing success. “I don’t have the family that Tony has. He’s got five kids, and I’m just learning how to travel with a dog,” Morikawa says.

But Finau holds his ground. “My career means a lot to me. And at times I think we can mistake that it means everything,” Finau says.

“I knew what my wife was going through. It was more important for me to be there for her … than really be anywhere else.

“Could my game have taken a backseat? Maybe. Potentially. But that’s not nearly as important to me as my wife.”

It makes for a fairytale ending to episode six when Finau – wearing green in honor of his mom – wins in front of his family for the first time on the PGA Tour at the 3M Open, before immediately following it up with triumph at the Rocket Mortgage Classic a week later.

Finau celebrates victory at the 3M Open with his family in July 2022. David Berding/Getty Images

‘Life and death’

By contrast, four-time major champion Brooks Koepka wrestles painfully with his loss of form, triggering a confidence crisis that has a profound impact on him.

A historic run of back-to-back major defenses between 2018 and 2019 established Koepka’s name in the golfing history books, but multiple injuries have contributed to his falloff in recent years.

For an athlete who frames winning and losing as “life and death,” the subsequent mental torture is all-consuming, even when far away from the course with his wife Jen.

“I used to be good at getting away from the game at home,” Koepka says.

“But lately, I cannot figure out how to f***ing turn it off cause I’ve been playing so bad. This f***ing thing can consume you.

“Jen will be talking to me, and I’m thinking about my damn golf swing. It’s one of those things – I’ve probably lost confidence a little bit. So if you lose confidence, it’s kind of tough to get it back just immediately.”

Koepka struggled for form throughout 2022. Amer Hilabi /AFP via Getty Images

Desperate to clear his mental block after an “embarrassing” missed cut at The Masters, Koepka cites the contrasting example of Scheffler, who is tearing up the Tour with multiple wins.

“I guarantee if you ask him what he’s thinking about, he goes ‘nothing,’” a despairing Koepka laments.

“The best player in the world doesn’t have any damn thoughts in his head, so why would you? So if Scottie isn’t doing it why the hell am I doing it?

“I’ve got to win, man. That’s the whole name of the game.”

Not for Joel Dahmen it isn’t. The polar opposite of the brooding Koepka, the self-depreciating “goofball” of the PGA Tour insists he will never be good enough to crack the top 10, let alone win a major.

“It’s not like I don’t try and I don’t practice. But someone’s got be the 70th best golfer in the world. Might as well be me,” Dahmen says.

“I’m a middle of the road PGA Tour player. The top players … they’re just built differently. They’re mentally just different. They hit it further and they chip and putt better. I’m not a threat when I walk into these things, really.

“I am not going to be a hall of famer. When I retire from golf, no one’s going to remember who I am. I understand that, I’m fine with it. I’m not playing for legacy. Some people are like, ‘That’s why you’ll never be great Joel, coz you don’t believe it.’”

Dahmen (left) is one of the PGA's Tour liveliest characters. Sarah Stier/Getty Images

The reason Dahmen doesn’t share Koepka’s life and death attitude to golfing success is shown to be rooted in two life-changing events. As a junior in high school, Dahmen lost his mother to pancreatic cancer – a death that left him directionless, “a leaf in the wind.”

In 2011, aged 23, Dahmen was diagnosed with testicular cancer. However, it was caught early and he was back playing golf the same year.

“I think myself having cancer probably changed my life for the better,” Dahmen says.

“Not take life for granted, try your best and do all the right things. Maybe a blessing in disguise.”

An excellent 10th place at the US Open, his best performance at a major, ensures an uplifting end to the episode on Dahmen, a change in rhetoric suggesting he had begun to chip away at his imposter syndrome.

“My best golf is very good golf. I can compete against the best in the world,” he says.

Dahmen seemed buoyed by his US Open result. Maddie Meyer/Getty Images

Filming has already begun on season two, Netflix and the PGA Tour announced Tuesday, with cameras in place at February’s Waste Management Phoenix Open to capture Scottie Scheffler’s defense of his title.

Following a new group of players, the second season “figures to capitalize on what made the launch of the docuseries so relatable, capturing not just the victories but also the heart-wrenching close calls,” a press release from the PGA Tour said.

In essence then, “Full Swing” looks set to repeat its message: “Golf is Hard.”CNN —

“The Island Green” – three words that have struck fear into the hearts of even the most talented golfers.

A short, 125-yard par-three surrounded by water, TPC Sawgrass’ iconic penultimate hole has drowned many a dream at The Players Championship for more than four decades.

On Thursday, Hayden Buckley had other ideas.

After making a steady start to his first round at the PGA Tour’s flagship event, the American — having started from the 10th hole – teed up at the 17th at one-under par, tied for eighth.

One swing later, he was level for the lead.

Buckley plays his shot from the 17th tee. Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images

Using a pitching wedge, the 27-year-old had sent his ball sailing over the water and comfortably onto the green; his ball bouncing three times before settling and curling leisurely into the cup.

A rapturous crowd roared their delight as Buckley gleefully tossed his hat into the air before high-fiving his caddie, then playing partners Adam Long and Taylor Montgomery.

It marks only the 11th ace at the renowned hole in the 49-year history of The Players Championship, and the second in consecutive tournaments after Irish golfer Shane Lowry took the tally to double digits in last year’s edition.

Buckley toasts his ace. Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images

After a run of 14 years without a hole-in-one between 2002 and 2016, there have now been five aces at the 17th hole over the last eight editions of “the fifth major.”

For Buckley, who arrived in Florida as world No. 107 and is chasing his first PGA Tour title, it marked the second hole-in-one of his PGA Tour career following his first at the Shriners Children’s Open in 2021 – coincidentally, also at the 17th hole.

The fairytale continued as Buckley birdied the subsequent par-four, making him the first player on record at The Players Championship to follow up a hole-in-one at the 17th with a birdie at the 18th, according to the PGA Tour.

A second straight birdie after the turn lifted him to five-under, though this marked the high water mark of the American’s round.

Six dropped shots – including two double bogeys at the 6th and 8th holes – saw him leave the course tied for 38th after carding a one-over 73.CNN —

Kevin Durant missed the opportunity to make his home debut for the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday night after he slipped and injured his ankle during pre-game warmups.

Ahead of Wednesday’s NBA clash against the Oklahoma City Thunder at the Suns’ Footprint Center, Durant was seen on video slipping while going up for a shot near the basket, rolling his ankle in the process.

The 34-year-old was able to get up and continue his workout but moved gingerly throughout the rest of it, and minutes later, Phoenix announced he would miss the game, being replaced by Torrey Craig in the starting lineup.

After the Suns had comfortably beaten the Thunder 132-101, Phoenix head coach Monty Williams provided an update on Durant’s injury status.

“We don’t have anything official to report,” Williams told reporters.

Williams said there will be more tests done on Thursday and the team is calling it an ankle sprain for the time being.

“He’s out there working his tail off, getting ready for the game and he twists his ankle,” Williams added. “Can’t get frustrated about that. It’s life, you know what I’m saying? I feel bad for him because he feels bad. He feels like – I saw his face and I’ve been around him so many times. I know what he’s feeling.”

When Durant arrived in Arizona in February – in a trade from the Brooklyn Nets for a huge haul – he was recovering from an MCL sprain which had seen him miss more than a month of action.

The 13-time All-Star finally made his debut for the Suns last week against the Charlotte Hornets and the team has won all three of their games with Durant in the lineup – the 2014 MVP has averaged 26.7 points and 7.3 rebounds in those three games.

In his absence though, the Suns never had to get out of fourth gear to beat the Thunder, being led by a game-high 44 points from guard Devin Booker.

As a result, Phoenix improved to 37-29 and moved to within two games of the second and third seed in the Western Conference.

“Our group has adapted to a number of things all year long from the summer until now. This is no different. We will do our best to get him healthy and get him back out there on the floor,” Williams said.

Phoenix is next scheduled to host the Sacramento Kings on Saturday before heading on the road to play the Golden State Warriors early next week. The Suns then return home to host the Milwaukee Bucks and Orlando Magic on March 14 and 16 respectively.CNN —

Hall of Fame men’s college basketball coach Jim Boeheim has retired after spending the last 47 years coaching Syracuse University, the school announced on Wednesday.

The 78-year-old Boeheim finishes his coaching career second on the NCAA Division I men’s basketball wins list with 1,015 – trailing only former Duke head coach Mike Krzyzewski.

In 1969, Boeheim was hired as a graduate assistant for the Orange and was later hired as head coach in 1976. Since then, the Boeheim-led team made the tournament 35 times including five Final Four berths. In 2003, Boeheim led the program to its first and only NCAA title.

“There is no doubt in my mind that without Jim Boeheim, Syracuse Basketball would not be the powerhouse program it is today,” school Chancellor Kent Syverud said in a statement.

“Jim has invested and dedicated the majority of his life to building this program, cultivating generations of student-athletes and representing his alma mater with pride and distinction. I extend my deep appreciation and gratitude to an alumnus who epitomizes what it means to be ‘Forever Orange.’”

Boeheim played basketball at Syracuse, joining the team as a walk-on in 1962. By his senior season, he was named captain of the team and helped earn the program its second-ever NCAA Tournament berth.

Boeheim’s retirement comes following the Orange’s last-second 77-74 loss to Wake Forest in the second round of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) tournament on Wednesday.

Boeheim retired after the Orange lost in the second round of the ACC tournament. Grant Halverson/Getty Images

Following the game, Boeheim gave an interesting answer about his future at the helm of the program, saying he already gave his retirement speech.

“It’s up to the school,” Boeheim told reporters.

A reporter followed by asking if he wanted to come back, to which Boeheim quickly responded, “I didn’t say that,” as laughter filled the media room.

After some more back-and-forth, Boeheim was finally asked how he would make the determination on when he will come back.

“You’re talking to the wrong guy,” Boeheim said with a smirk on his face.

The school announced Adrian Autry as Syracuse’s new head coach. Autry played for Boeheim from 1990-1994. Following his basketball career and multiple assistant coaching stints in the AAU and collegiate levels, Autry was named assistant coach at Syracuse before the 2011/12 season and was promoted to associate head coach in 2017.

“I have spent much of my time in the game of basketball learning from Jim and am so grateful to him for preparing me to carry on the winning tradition that is Orange Basketball,” Autry said.

“It’s hard to imagine a world without him on the bench, but together with our coaches, student-athletes and fans, we will build on decades of success as a winning program.”

Boeheim was enshrined into the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame in 2005.CNN —

University of Alabama freshman Brandon Miller has spoken for the first time since the fatal campus shooting in January which the school says he is a “cooperative witness” in.

“I never lose sight of the fact that a family has lost one of their loved ones that night,” Miller told reporters at a press conference Wednesday. “This whole situation is just really heartbreaking but respectfully, that’s all I’m going to be able to say on that.”

Law enforcement continues to investigate last month’s campus shooting death of Jamea Jonae Harris.

A law enforcement officer testified that former Alabama player Darius Miles, who was arrested for his alleged involvement in a shooting that killed Harris last month, had texted Miller to bring Miles’ gun to the scene where the shooting happened, according to CNN affiliate WBMA.

Miller is not charged with any crime. CNN has reached out to Miller for comment.

The Alabama athletic department said in February that Miller is “not considered a suspect … only a cooperative witness” in the murder case.

Since being allowed to return to the court, Miller has faced boos and jeers from opposing fans, something he says he has noticed.

“We hear the chants. I feel like we just really lean on each other to go to places like that and pull out tough wins,” he explained.

Miller dribbles the ball. Maria Lysaker/USA TODAY Sports/Reuters

Miller’s Alabama teammate, Jahvon Quinerly, said the whole roster rallied around Miller in the aftermath.

“I feel like we just stayed together as a team and we just made sure that he was good.”

Miller was chosen as the Southeastern Conference (SEC) player and freshman of the year by the league coaches on Monday.

The No. 4 Crimson Tide play in the SEC tournament in Nashville, Tennessee on Friday.

Former Alabama basketball player Miles and co-defendant Michael Lynn Davis were arrested and charged with capital murder in relation to Harris’ death campus last month.

Davis is accused of firing the shot that killed Harris while Miles allegedly aided and abetted him, CNN has reported.

Both suspects appeared in a Tuscaloosa court last month for a bond hearing, court records show. District Court Judge Joanne M. Jannik denied each of their motions to set bond, court documents show.CNN —

Time might have run out for Novak Djokovic to be admitted US entry to play at Indian Wells, but US politicians – notably Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis – are lobbying for regulations to change and allow the world No. 1 into the country in time for the Miami Open.

The US still requires international visitors to be vaccinated against Covid-19, and the Serbian, who has previously said he remains unvaccinated, confirmed he had applied for special permission to enter the country ahead of both tournaments.

However, Indian Wells organizers announced on Sunday that Djokovic had withdrawn from the tournament, where main draw play began Wednesday.

DeSantis said he would “run a boat from the Bahamas” for Djokovic to compete in the Miami Open tennis tournament later this month.

“I would run a boat from the Bahamas here for him. I would do that a hundred percent,” DeSantis said at a press conference in Tampa Wednesday.

“I think his people are looking at it, and I’m not sure that’s the way they want to come into the country, which I understand. I think it’d be a great moment, but you know, nevertheless.”

According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director, proof of Covid-19 vaccination is required for non-U.S. citizens, non-immigrant passengers arriving from a foreign country to the US by air, though that applies to other forms of travel.

On Tuesday, DeSantis had called on US President Joe Biden to intervene and allow Djokovic to compete in the tournament.

“The only thing keeping Novak Djokovic from participating in the Miami Open tennis tournament is President Biden’s misguided and unscientific COVID-19 vaccination requirement for foreigner travelers,” DeSantis, who has separately vowed to permanently ban mandates related to coronavirus mitigation as he considers a presidential bid, said on Twitter.

“Mr. President – lift your restrictions and let him compete,” he added.

Australian Open champion Novak Djokovic poses with the trophy. Carl Recine/Reuters

Republican Senators Rick Scott and Marco Rubio of Florida also urged the US president to allow Djokovic into the country to play.

“On a question of regarding the vaccination requirement, I refer you to the CDC – are the ones who deal with that,” White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said Wednesday.

The vaccine requirement, she said, “is still in place, and we expect everyone to abide by our country’s rule, whether as a participant or spectator.”

US Open organizers said on Friday that they and the United States Tennis Association were “hopeful” that Djokovic was successful in his petition.

“Novak Djokovic is one of the greatest tennis players of all time and a six-time champion of the Miami Open,” the Miami Open said on Twitter on Friday.

“We hope he is allowed entry into the country so Floridians have the opportunity to see him compete once again.”

CNN has reached out to representatives for Djokovic and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security for comment.

“Look, last year I did miss both Indian Wells, Miami and all the US Open swing,” the 22-time grand slam winner Djokovic told reporters in Belgrade last month.

“So it wouldn’t be the first time if it does happen. I mean, I hope it doesn’t, but that’s all I can do. All I can do is hope at the moment because, you know, my position stays the same. There’s not much else I can do except wish for a positive result,” he said.

Djokovic returned to the world No. 1 position when he defeated Stefanos Tsitsipas to win a record 10th Australian Open in January.

It was his 22nd major title, which tied him with Rafael Nadal for the most grand slam singles titles in men’s tennis history.

The Miami Open’s main draw play starts March 22 and and the tournament nds April 2.CNN —

A star-studded field will contest a record $25 million prize purse at The Players Championship on Thursday.

The field includes a trio of stars who have already held the world No. 1 spot in 2023 – Rory McIlroy, Scottie Scheffler and Jon Rahm, who currently tops the rankings – but there will be one glaring absence at TPC Sawgrass for the PGA Tour’s flagship event.

In the championship’s 49-year history, no player has ever successfully defended the title and with reigning champion Cameron Smith barred from competing due to his involvement in the LIV Golf Series, that run is guaranteed to tick over to half a century.

“Yes, it’s awkward,” PGA Tour Commissioner Jay Monahan told reporters Tuesday when quizzed on the Australian world No.5’s absence.

“He was a deserved champion … but ultimately that’s a decision he made, and we’ve got an unbelievable field here this week and a history and tradition that one of these 144 is going to go seek to get.”

Smith celebrates with The Players Championship trophy after victory in March 2022. Sam Greenwood/Getty Images

Elephants in the room

Smith headlines a host of big names who will not tee up in Florida due their involvement in the breakaway Saudi-backed tour.

Five of last year’s top 10 at the event – Smith, Anirban Lahiri, Paul Casey, Harold Varner III and Dustin Johnson – have joined LIV Golf.

Ensuring a field packed with the best golfers has been a cornerstone of The Players Championship’s claim to being golf’s “fifth major,”, yet six of the world’s top 50-ranked players – including Chilean duo Joaquin Niemann and Mito Pereira – will be absent for same reasons as Smith and co.

And as major champions in the previous five years, LIV Golf players Brooks Koepka, Bryson Dechambeau, Patrick Reed, and Phil Mickelson would all have been eligible to feature.

As a result, a string of questions posed to players ahead of the tournament focused on who was not playing, as opposed to who was.

“Would it be better if the defending champion was here this week? Absolutely,” McIlroy, champion in 2019, told reporters.

“But he made a decision that he felt was the best thing for him, and he knew that decision was going to come with consequences, and one of the consequences is right now not being able to play on the PGA Tour.”

McIlroy chats with his manager Sean O'Flaherty during a practice round ahead of the tournament. Richard Heathcote/Getty Images

Rahm’s response to Smith’s exclusion echoed that of McIlroy’s, with the Spaniard adding that “different circumstances” mitigated his belief that “defending champions should always be there.”

Some players made a choice of going to a different golf league knowing that they weren’t going to be allowed to play here,” Rahm said.

“And yes, this is a massive event. It is very close to major quality event, but it’s still a PGA Tour event.”

Smith will be watching, but exactly where from remains to be seen. In an interview shared on Twitter by Golf.com, the Australian – who lives in Florida – said he would be tuning in via TV before adding he would “love to get out” to TPC Sawgrass for the event.

“I don’t know how it would be received,” Smith said.

“But even getting out there and watching, walking around in the crowd, might be pretty funny.”

A new era

Arguably the most dominant theme of the pre-tournament press conferences though, concerned last week’s announcement of the PGA Tour’s revamped 2024 calendar.

Under the new schedule, eight “designated events” will offer increased prize purses, smaller fields, and no cuts – all features of the LIV Golf Series.

The restricted field sizes – between 70 and 78 players – twinned with eligibility criteria designed to reward “top performers” on the PGA Tour, has led to concerns that the revamped schedule could lead to a “closed shop,” leaving lower-ranked golfers out in the cold.

A players meeting was held Tuesday morning to discuss the changes, McIlroy said. The Northern Irishman, who joined Scheffler in backing the new schedule last week, believed those talks were positive.

“When more information and data was presented to them, the people that maybe had reservations about it I think came around, or at least were more informed on their opinions,” said McIlroy.

“It was good for them to see that and to see what the thinking is behind what we’re really trying to do here. I think the temperature in the room was nowhere near as hot as I anticipated it to be once the information was laid out.”

Rahm, who said he did not attend the players meeting as he was spending time with his children, added that while he understood some of the grievances, he believed the changes were “the best for everybody” in the long term.

Rahm speaks to the media ahead of the event. Richard Heathcote/Getty Images

McIlroy has been an outspoken critic of the LIV Golf Series since its arrival last year.

However, in light of the PGA Tour’s changes, the four-time major winner believes the breakaway series has ultimately been beneficial to golf.

“I’m not going to sit here and lie – I think the emergence of LIV or the emergence of a competitor to the PGA Tour has benefited everyone that plays elite professional golf,” McIlroy said.

“When you’ve been the biggest golf league in the biggest market in the world for the last 60 years, there’s not a lot of incentive to innovate.

“This has caused a ton of innovation at the PGA Tour, and what was quite, I would say, an antiquated system is being revamped to try to mirror where we’re at in the world in the 21st century with the media landscape.

“The PGA TOUR isn’t just competing with LIV Golf or other sports. It’s competing with Instagram and TikTok and everything else that’s trying to take eyeballs away from the PGA TOUR as a product.”

The iconic 17th green at TPC Sawgrass. Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images

Again, Rahm agreed with McIlroy, adding that such changes would “never” have happened without LIV Golf.

“So to an extent, like I’ve said before, we should be thankful this threat has made the PGA TOUR want to change things,” Rahm said.

“I wish it didn’t come to the PGA TOUR being under fire from somebody else to make those changes and make things better for the players, but I guess it is what we needed. It is because of LIV Golf, otherwise we wouldn’t have seen any of this.”

Tee times

Play begins with the first trios teeing off at 6:50am ET on Thursday, as a glittering field throws up a host of big-name groupings.

7:34am – Patrick Cantlay, Tony Finau, Tom Kim

7:45am – Collin Morikawa, Rickie Fowler, Adam Scott

7:56am – Scottie Scheffler, Rory McIlroy, Jon Rahm

12:34pm – Matt Fitzpatrick, Viktor Hovland, Shane Lowry

12:45pm – Kurt Kitayama, Will Zalatoris, Xander Schauffele

12:56pm – Justin Thomas, Jordan Spieth, Max Homa

How to watch

Golf Channel will be broadcasting the first two rounds of the event from 12pm to 6pm ET on Thursday and Friday, before coverage switches to NBC – from 1pm to 6pm ET – for the two final weekend rounds.

Viewers in the United Kingdom and Ireland can watch via Sky Sports from 11:30am Thursday.

More information on how to watch can be found on the PGA Tour’s website here.CNN —

The story of David versus Goliath is old as time immemorial, but it never gets old when it comes to sport as every fan loves hearing about how the brave underdog fights against all odds to conquer the bigger and supposedly better giant.

In the Premier League a small west London club recently promoted to top-flight soccer has defied the odds and now has the distinct possibility of challenging for a place to play in one of Europe’s intercontinental club competitions, which would be a chance to dine with the continent’s elite and bring in extra revenue.

This season’s Premier League title might be moving to north London as Arsenal has found its form again, with the Gunners topping the league standings, but it’s Brentford FC who have been consistently surprising the league’s big spenders.

“Make no mistake about it, if we were to get into Europe, we could give a right good go,” Brentford’s Technical Director Lee Dykes tells CNN Sport.

“We would take the challenge on,” he adds bristling with confidence.

Brentford has upset the odds this campaign and is looking to qualify for Europe ahead of next season. Catherine Ivill/Getty Images

The reason the Bees are swarming into the top half of the table is down to the club’s approach to soccer as they have fully embraced the concept of “moneyball.”

It’s the notion that analytics trump scouts when it comes to constructing winning teams as was immortalized in the book, “Moneyball.”

The book was turned into a Hollywood blockbuster where Brad Pitt played shrewd baseball executive Billy Beane of the Oakland A’s, who helped the franchise make the Major League Baseball (MLB) playoffs despite their low payroll.

Brentford has made the point in the past that for David to beat Goliath, his weapon of choice has to be different, and for the Bees that has manifested in the form of statistics.

“I would say that we use numbers cleverly in recruitment and in performance, and I think the way I put it is that the structure of this club is its biggest weapon,” Dykes says.

This season, Brentford’s squad, which according to Transfermarkt is estimated to be worth $305 million, beat Manchester United 4-0 ($808 million), Manchester City 2-1 ($1.08 billion), and Liverpool 3-1 ($992 million), while securing draws with Arsenal ($803 million) and Tottenham Hotspur ($711 million).

“We’re constantly trying to push the boundaries so when we achieve good things and when we beat Liverpool – I was sat there with a nice smile on my face saying ‘we’ve done that.’ We’ve worked hard to get that result,” Dykes says.

“It is very satisfying because when you win, when you do well and you achieve great things, you kind of want there to be a story behind it. You kind of want to know that you’ve overachieved and you’ve gone above and beyond, right?

“And that’s what we feel we’ve done at Brentford. We’ve not just got promoted to the Premier League and thrived in the Premier League, paying ridiculous amounts of money. We’ve actually really worked cleverly in the transfer market,” he says.

The Bees follow a system similar to that of Billy Beane's "Moneyball," as portrayed by Brad Pitt. Scott Rudin Productions/Kobal/Shutterstock

Fine margins

Dykes explains that the club looks to hold themselves accountable to keeping track of several key metrics, so that it avoids any costly panic buys or bloodletting if results aren’t going the team’s way. It helps take emotion out of any decision making and any assessment will be down to cold hard facts.

“You lose a game and everybody’s down on the floor,” he continues.

“When you’ve dissected the performance levels using final third entries we’ve had, how much possession and how many key passes that we’ve made, how many real chances did we have in that game. It’s a fine margin.

“Also, the goalkeeper may have pulled off an unbelievable save, maybe just little things that have gone wrong in that passing sequence.

“So we try to really understand the performance of the team in any given game and find out if we have actually won or not … and we try to look at the underlining numbers, data, statistics.”

In many ways Brentford is the Goliath when it comes to using statistics, but is it as simple as using algorithms to displace any human input?

Not quite, according to Dykes.

“We cover 85,500 worldwide. For me to do that, my team to do that – 15 people strong – you’re not going to do that with your eyes. You need a system that filters that down to a manageable number. But that system has to be aligned with what you want from your eyes,” he says.

“You need to develop a criteria that is linked to the data filter of all of the players. It comes down into this process and then you’re in a stage where you can start looking with the eyes still checking with the numbers, but that’s how data should be used in football.

“It gives us options, it allows us to filter through and miss nothing. And then we attach some very good eyes in the recruitment team,” Dykes adds.

Brentford's owner Matthew Benham has been a key figure in implementing this philsophy at the club. Mike Egerton/PA Images/Getty Images

But spotting the player is the first step and from there Dykes says, “we try and do things quietly and quickly.”

“The data will give us a really good idea of where we should be looking, so we catch things really early. Then it’s about how quickly we can take it from that point to a signing stage.

“We’ve got a situation where nobody knows this player we’re in for. He gets to this point, so we’re nearly there and all of a sudden it’s out in the press and then he’s gone to another club. So in the Premier League, that is a challenge for us.”

“Good eyes” have helped find a number of gems including the irrepressible Ivan Toney who has scored 15 goals in the league, and is currently the third top scorer behind Tottenham’s Harry Kane (18 goals) and Man City’s Erling Haaland (27 goals).

“I think he’s one of the top 10 center forwards in the world and that’s what Brentford have done for Ivan, but also what he’s done for himself,” Dykes says of the club’s star player.

“We plucked Ivan from League One, from Peterborough. There were a lot of people looking at Ivan and he’s always one of those, you sign them to do well, and it’s like, ‘oh yeah’ it was an obvious one because he was doing really well for Peterborough.

” I’m kind of like ‘yeah’ we were the ones that put, well, [Brentford FC owner] Matthew [Benham] was the one who put the money on the table and look at him now.”

It’s also on the opposite side of the pitch that Brentford have a much sought after prized asset in goalkeeper David Raya who has captured attention all across Europe, Dykes says.

“David’s a great guy. He’s a very nice person and I know what he wants to achieve personally. But we will have to move on from David.”

“In my opinion [David] could go play for any team in the world. He’s that good.”

Ivan Toney has been a success story for Brentford and is currently the Premier League's third top scorer. Alex Davidson/Getty Images

Last year, Brentford finished its inaugural season in the Premier League in 13th place, five places above the drop zone, where the worst three teams are relegated to the Championship.

Impressive for a team that had just been promoted.

Now the Bees have Europe in their sights, with an opportunity to potentially play in the Europa League or the Europa Conference League.

“For us, it is genuinely just about us getting better every year, but not by league position, by the measurements we take, by the players that we acquire, by the people that we employ,” Dykes concludes.

“If we can just continually develop and step in the right direction then naturally Europe will beckon one day. And we’ve got to embrace that challenge.”CNN —

More than 20 years after his Formula One debut, Fernando Alonso is as hungry as ever ahead of the start of the 2023 season, which gets underway on Friday at the Bahrain Grand Prix.

That desire for success led him to make the seismic decision last year to reject a new contract with Alpine to join Aston Martin, he tells CNN Sport’s Amanda Davies.

“It has to be an ambitious project. It has to be a project that wants to win, a project that will take anything and will do everything to make it happen. And that is what I feel in Aston Martin,” the Spaniard said ahead of the season’s start.

“There is this talent and this hunger for success, success and success.”

Success certainly comes naturally to the 41-year-old Spaniard. Having exploded onto the F1 scene in 2001, he won his first race in 2003 before winning back-to-back championships in 2005 and 2006, becoming the youngest double champion in the sport’s history.

Since then, the winner of 32 races has had legendary battles with some of the best drivers of the last two decades, from Michael Schumacher and Kimi Räikkönen through to Lewis Hamilton and Sebastien Vettel, who Alonso has replaced at Aston Martin after the four-time champion retired from F1.

Aston Martin is Alonso’s fifth team and the first move he has made since he returned to F1 with Alpine in 2021.

The frustration of the 2010s led to the Spaniard calling quits on his F1 career in 2018, retiring after five years without a race win and seemingly disillusioned with the sport.

He competed in the IndyCar Series, Le Mans’ 24-hour race and the Dakar Rally, where he emerged unscathed from a crash in which his Toyota Hilux flew through the air after hitting a sand dune in Saudi Arabia.

Alonso won his first drivers' Championship in 2005 before retaining the title in 2006. Mark Thompson/Getty Images

Three years later he made his sensational return to F1, but failed to hit the heights of his early career.

After finishing 10th in 2021 and ninth in 2022 with Alpine, Alonso turned down a one-year contract extension to join an Aston Martin team on its way up.

“The investment is there, the new facilities, new wind tunnel coming out. New people, joining the team from different experiences and different backgrounds,” he says of Aston Martin’s “wonderful project.”

The investment is certainly there. Lawrence Stroll, Aston Martin’s boss and the father of Alonso’s new partner, Lance, has put the money where his mouth is.

The team launched its new $200 million factory at Silverstone and broke the bank to bring in the best engineers and talent from other teams to support its new star driver.

With the new investment and Alonso’s terrific performance at pre-season testing – where he came second on the first day of testing in Bahrain – Aston Martin looks set to become the best of the rest this season, behind usual title contenders Red Bull, Ferrari and Mercedes.

2023 season set for more controversies

The 2023 season is set to be the biggest yet, but it has got off to a rocky start after drivers complained about new rules introduced by governing body the FIA, restricting them from making “political, religious and personal statements” unless previously approved in writing.

The FIA has since responded by clarifying that drivers will be able to “express their views on any political, religious or personal matter” outside of races, but during races and on the track, any displays must be pre-approved by the governing body or the drivers will face sanctions.

The 2023 season is also set to be the busiest on record, with 23 races over nine months – a decision that some drivers have opposed.

Current back-to-back champion Max Verstappen expressed his discontent with the calendar, previously telling CNN Sport: “The problem is that we are traveling so much and it’s getting more and more … Basically, the question is, is it worth it to spend so much time away from family and friends by chasing more success?”

Alonso is hoping to compete with the top table of F1. Frank Augstein/AP

When asked if drivers have enough say in the future of the sport, Alonso thinks “probably not.”

“But this is maybe not our role on this sport,” he added. “We drive these cars in on Sunday afternoons, but we cannot forget that this is a team sport.

“I think we have the right people leading the sport. We are in good hands with Liberty [Media], with Stefano Domenicali, with the FIA as well. I think we should put trust in our leaders.”

While Alonso admits that it will be “challenging,” he strikes a far more positive tone than many of his fellow drivers.

“I think it’s going to be demanding on teams, mechanics, media, all of us,” he said. “But we love what we do. We have a dream job. We enjoy every second of it.”

Alonso unquestionably loves what he does. Last season, he overtook Kimi Räikkönen to become the first driver in F1 history to start 350 races, and doesn’t look like stopping anytime soon.

He is coy on Aston Martin’s chances of challenging this season, saying that a podium finish is not a “realistic target at the moment,” but if the pre-season omens are anything to go by, that target could rapidly become more reality than fantasy.

Two decades on from his first race win, Alonso looks like he might just be a contender once again.CNN —

Getting tickets to golf’s most prestigious event is, quite literally, a lottery.

Unless you happen to share a name with a pro golfer and are accidentally sent an invite by mistake (like one Georgia realtor), for most fans the best chance to attend The Masters is to try their luck in the annual ticket lottery.

It’s a long shot to say the least, the golfing equivalent of Willy Wonka’s golden ticket. But while thousands of golf fans won’t be at Augusta National in April to see the major, they’ll still be able to taste it – for $175.

Rebooted for 2023, the “Taste of the Masters” hosting kit can be ordered to homes across the US, allowing fans to unbox a range of Augusta concessions to serve up come tee-time.

The "Taste of the Masters" bundle is back for 2023. The Masters

Like strawberries and cream at Wimbledon, sandwiches have become synonymous with Augusta. Famed for their prices, which haven’t changed for decades, the pimento cheese and egg salad sandwiches still retailed at $1.50 at last year’s event and have become a staple of the major.

The pricing served as a stark contrast to some of the charges at the PGA Championship the following month, with eventual winner Justin Thomas “blown away” at the $18 and $16 asking price for beer and salad respectively at the major.

Sandwiches have headlined The Masters concessions menu for years. Jamie Squire/Getty Images

Both Masters sandwich fillings come in 24-ounce tubs as part of the kit, as well as pork bar-b-que. Bread and buns are not included, but 12 bags of potato chips and 12 cookies also feature in a bundle designed to serve 12 to 14 guests.

Souvenir cups (25), wax paper (12 sheets), and coasters (12) – all emblazoned with The Masters branding – round out the kit, which promises to arrive no later than April 7, the second day of the tournament. Shipping is US only, though excludes Alaska and Hawaii.

The kit was first announced for the 2020 tournament, when, according to Covid-19 protocols, tournament organizers prepared to stage the major with limited attendance.

It was not offered in 2021 but returned for last year’s event, retailing at $150. The line-up featured the same three sandwich fillings, potato chips and cookies as 2022’s offering, with the addition of pecan caramel popcorn.CNN —

Even before they could climb into the ring, Cuba’s female boxers had to roll with the punches.

While the island has long been famed for its top-level male boxers, women were blocked by an official prohibition on their practicing the sport competitively.

Cuba’s government-run INDER sports institute claimed the sport was too violent for women, even as Cuban female athletes competed successfully in judo, karate and taekwondo.

For many hopeful women boxers on the island, the ban smacked of sexism – and a missed opportunity.

“From the time we were in our mother’s wombs we are fighters,” long-time boxer and trainer Namibia Flores Rodríguez told CNN.

“We are always fighting for something, to raise our kids, to help our families, to be independent.”

Cuban women were previously limited to training in isolation and with no hope of competing in the sport. Adalberto Roque/AFP/Getty Images

Flores says she trained for years as many women interested in boxing do in Cuba: on her own dime and in gyms lacking in even the most basic equipment.

While they could learn and practice the sport as a hobby, the ban on women’s boxing meant Cuban female athletes could not take part in tournaments on the island or abroad.

At least officially, women’s boxing in Cuba did not exist.

A new dawn

In December, the first cracks in that glass ceiling appeared when officials made an about face after announcing that they had obtained the proper safety equipment for them – such as padding and head gear.

“We took this step when we were sure, really convinced that it was the moment and we didn’t have any concerns because our women would be protected,” Cuban Boxing Commission President Alberto Puig de la Barca told reporters at a news conference.

The change, sports officials said at the news conference, was also the result of a newly implemented family code on the island that said women were required by law to have the same opportunities as men. That apparently included boxing.

Two weeks later, the first try outs were held at a cramped facility with a single boxing ring. Many of the women boxers had only recently switched from competing in martial arts or had merely dabbled in boxing.

Still, they sparred with passion, drawing appreciative cheering and applause from spectators.

After the first bout, an announcer exclaimed to the crowd of people watching, “This is historic!”

Cuban boxer Namibia Flores has fought for years for women's boxing to be recognized in Cuba. Guillermo Nova/picture alliance/Getty Images

Boxer Legnis Cala Massó said she started boxing to learn self-defense and was still shocked to be putting on gloves to potentially represent her country.

“My first dream was to participate and that they would consider the women who were fighting in Cuba,” she told CNN ahead of her bout. “Now I want to be on the team.”

While Cuba’s female boxers have a long way to go, officials are hopeful that their enthusiasm and natural ability can make up for lost time. Sports officials predicted that Cuban women boxers would compete in the Central American and Caribbean Games starting in June and the 2024 Summer Olympics in Paris.

The 39-year-old Flores has been a pioneer for Cuban women boxers. Adalberto Roque/AFP/Getty Images

Many female boxers said they had endured sexist jabs directed at them over the years, but novice fighter Melany de la Caridad Girado Bermudez told CNN she felt the perception of women taking part in the revered national sport was finally changing.

“In my case all the comments I have received have been positive. That if I make an effort, I can achieve it,” she said. “That Cuban women have the potential for this.”CNN —

A soccer match lasts for 90 minutes, another 30 if there really needs to be a winner. But if it’s still level after that, then the game will be decided with a penalty shootout, arguably the most nerve-shredding experience in all of sports.

For the fans, it’s excruciating; at the World Cup in Qatar, one Argentina supporter sobbed uncontrollably as she watched the quarterfinal shootout against the Netherlands through her fingers. By the end, she looked distraught. All the emotion had been wrung out of her, and the tears that she cried were of relief, rather than joy.

For the players, such emotions are magnified tenfold. “Love hurts,” goes the anonymous quote, “but not as much as penalties.”

Success or failure could be career-defining, one simple kick from 12 yards is weighed down by teammates’ hopes and the expectation of potentially millions of fans. As the author Karl Wiggins put it, “It’s as if, for a few seconds, a player’s soul is laid bare for the entire world to see.”

Argentina supporters cheer during the World Cup final against France. Paul Ellis/AFP/Getty Images

Very few people would admit to enjoying a shootout, but Professor Geir Jordet is an exception; he can’t get enough of them.

“A penalty shootout is a very uncomfortable event,” he told CNN Sport from his research facility in Oslo. “It’s painful because the pressure is so intense, and of course, the consequences of failing are so dire. Penalties, for me, are wonderful!”

Professor Jordet works at the Norwegian School of Sport Sciences, where he specializes in performance under extreme pressure. He’s been studying shootouts for almost 20 years and has analyzed more than 200 of them, around 2,000 kicks in total.

He’s studied the psychology of the event, observed the behavior and dynamics of the participants and crunched the data to conclude that even the most dramatic of shootouts can be swayed by teams who know what they’re doing.

“The main factor in a penalty shootout is luck,” the former England goalkeeper Peter Shilton once declared, but Jordet is convinced that it is never “only a lottery.”

Aurelien Tchouameni misses France's third penalty in the World Cup final. Julian Finney/Getty Images

Penalties are more important than ever

The margin between success and failure in title matches seems to be getting slimmer, and so it’s in shootouts, where the margins are even tighter, that soccer’s biggest prizes are being decided.

“If you enter a major tournament today with the ambition to win,” says Jordet, “you’re making a severe mistake if you’re not prepared for penalties.”

In 2021, both the Brazilian men and the Canadian women needed penalty wins en route to Olympic gold in Tokyo; in the same month, Argentina survived a shootout to win the Copa América and Italy triumphed in the same way at the European Championship at Wembley.

Mohamed Salah had to endure laser pointers in the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations final penalty shootout. Backpage Media/Shutterstock

The following year was a bonanza for penalties.

Starting in February with Senegal’s Africa Cup of Nations final win against Egypt. Liverpool won two English cup finals – both against Chelsea – on spot-kicks, while Real Betis and RB Leipzig won the Spanish and German Cup finals respectively from the spot.

Eintracht Frankfurt beat Rangers in the Europa League final on penalties while the Philadelphia Union missed all of its kicks to hand LAFC the title after an extraordinary MLS Cup Final.

The 2022 penalty party concluded in Qatar where there was a record five shootouts, including the final.

Within seconds of the final whistle being blown, Jordet can tell if one side has the edge. He’s able to glean valuable information simply by observing the interactions on the field.

“The coach and the staff of some teams almost panic when the game goes to penalties,” Jordet explained to CNN Sport. “It seems like they don’t know what to do. And then with other teams, it’s all dealt with before the game and definitely before the penalties.”

Jurgen Klopp won plaudits for the way he managed two penalty shootout victories for Liverpool in the League and FA Cup finals. Michael Regan/The FA/Getty Images

Last season’s FA Cup final was a case in point; Jordet observed that Liverpool’s manager Jurgen Klopp had established a plan and communicated it calmly and warmly to each of his players within 90 seconds of the final whistle.

They spent the remaining time casually interacting and even laughing. Several more minutes had passed before Chelsea’s seemingly fraught manager Thomas Tuchel approached his players, and he was still revising his notes.

“He moves to the middle of the circle, BEFORE he’s done with the plan,” Jordet observed in a tweet thread, “Tuchel then asks his players about the shots, publicly in front of the whole team.

“There’s plenty of group pressure when done this way, the chance of honest responses from the players drops, and it creates further stress that carries on to the shootout itself.”

Liverpool’s efficient organization meant the players were able to take up a position within the center circle that was closest to their coaching staff, where Klopp continued to exude warmth and love.

Chelsea went on to miss two penalties and Liverpool claimed the trophy.

World Cup Final penalty masterclass

Nobody can influence the proceedings in a shootout more than the goalkeeper, who is involved in every single kick. Jordet’s research has confirmed that the goalies aren’t just there to stop the shots, they can be a positive influence on their teammates and a destructive force for their opponents.

In recent seasons, Argentina’s 30-year-old goalkeeper Emiliano Martínez has established himself as a gamechanger in shootouts, the “Machiavelli of football.”

Jordet has noticed that his psychological antics are a nightmare for his opponents. During the semifinal of the Copa América against Colombia in 2021, he intimidated his opponents with trash talk, saving three penalties in a 3-2 win.

Since the stadiums were empty of fans in that edition, Jordet has noted that you could clearly hear what he was saying, “I can tell you’re nervous. I know where you’re going to shoot. Watch and see how I’m going to eat you up. Remember, I’m going to eat you up!”

But it was in the World Cup final against France that Martínez demonstrated the full range of his expertise.

Jordet says that he set the tone right from the start, arriving first in the penalty area and claiming the territory as his own. “Martínez took a very proactive approach to everything,” Jordet explained.

“He created his home in the penalty area. He initiated some handshakes with the first French players to arrive,” a disarming strategy which makes opponents drop their guard and renders them more vulnerable when he later strikes.

Argentina fans played their part by pilling pressure on the French penalty takers. Simon Stacpoole/Offside/Getty Images

For the first two French penalties, Martínez discreetly set about disrupting the takers, urging the referee to check the placement of the ball on the spot.

This kind of interference would be unsettling for any penalty takers, but he was also feeling out the referee: how much would he be prepared to tolerate?

Jordet believes that enabled Martínez to quickly assume a proactive role within just two kicks and was then able to “fully get to work.”

Martínez saved the second penalty that he faced, diving low to his right to deny Kingsley Coman, and his celebration was exuberant.

Jordet notes that goalkeepers don’t typically celebrate so wildly, but his research has shown that celebrations can influence subsequent events.

“We found, to our astonishment, that penalty takers who celebrate intensely have a statistically higher probability of ending up on the winning team.

“In fact, the next penalty taker for the opponent misses about 10-15% of the time, and your next [teammate] scores about 7 to 8% more of their penalties. These types of celebratory displays are contagious.”

By the time the third French player stepped up, Martínez knew that he could get away with almost anything. He snatched up the ball, turned his back on the referee and walked back to his goal line.

The approaching Aurélien Tchouaméni should have arrived at the biggest moment of his professional career to find the ball on the spot, instead Martínez was holding it, gesturing to the Argentine fans to increase the volume.

France fans show their support for les bleus during the World Cup final. Catherine Ivill/Getty Images

When the referee demanded its return, Martínez rolled it away at a 45-degree angle, forcing Tchouaméni to fetch it himself. Jordet has calculated that whenever a player has to wait for a kick, the probability of a goal drops by 20 to 30%.

Tchouaméni aimed low and to the left and missed.

By now, Martínez knew that his own teammates could face similar tactics from the French goalie Hugo Lloris, so he grabbed the ball himself and handed it to his incoming teammate Leandro Paredes, one of four Argentine penalty takers, who all scored.

Martínez was eventually booked for interfering with the fourth French player, Randal Kolo Muani, but by then the damage was done and Argentina won the shootout 4-2.

“Very calculated, creative, well executed,” Jordet concludes, “but of course also highly, highly cynical.”

Emiliano Martínez of Argentina attempted to distract Randal Kolo Muani ahead of his penalty. Julian Finney/Getty Images

Martínez showed very little remorse for his “cynical” actions. After the final he said, “”I have no words for it. I was calm during the penalty shootout and everything went as we wanted.”

“All that I have dreamed of has been achieved.”

Since the conclusion of the World Cup, the International Football Association Board (IFAB), which determines the laws of football, confirmed to CNN Sport that it is looking to clarify what goalkeepers can and cannot do before penalties are taken.

This would include delaying the taking of the kick or touching the goalposts, crossbar or goal net.

Shootouts don’t always have to be so negative, though; sometimes, they can be won with love.

Jordet notes that when LAFC’s Cristian Tello missed the first penalty against Philadelphia in the MLS Cup Final, some of his teammates met him on his return to the center circle and walked him back in.

“You’re implicitly saying to the others that even if you miss, you’re a part of the group, which is the message that you would like to send to each other in a penalty shootout.”

Los Angeles made every other kick to claim the cup.

The power of intangibles

Some teams seem to revel in the cauldron of the shootout, while others dread it.

England has lost seven of the 10 that it’s participated in, while the Netherlands have lost seven out of eight. Spain’s loss to Morocco in 2022 means it’s now lost a record four shootouts in the FIFA World Cup alone.

Jordet has seen enough to believe in ghosts; he says that if your team has lost in a previous shootout, even if you weren’t involved in it, you’re more likely to miss. Conversely, success begets success.

Having lost to Czechoslovakia and the famous Antonin Panenka penalty in the European Championship final in 1976, Germany has won six in a row, Croatia has won its last four, and Argentina its last three, claiming both the Copa América and the World Cup.

More and more teams are coming to accept that understanding the psychology of shootouts is essential in the modern game, and 20 professional teams have already turned to Jordet’s consultancy business for help.

“I totally think there’s so much more to be discovered in the softer areas of sports science,” Jordet says, dismissing the cynics who claim that skill development, relationships and psychology are important, but not quantifiable.

“I honestly would beg to differ. If you know what to look for, you can measure a lot of these things in games, and this is something I work on every single day. I think we will make some big progress in the years to come.”

The Moroccan team gathered together for a prayer before going on to beat Spain in their penalty shootout. Julian Finney/Getty Images

Jordet knows so much about penalties because he spent years trawling the archives, watching every single shootout from the World Cup, European Championship and Copa América since 1976. He’s interviewed 25 players who were there and tested his predictions in practice with 15 elite teams.

“I love penalty shootouts,” he says, “I think it’s the ultimate drama in football.”

And yet, much of the nuance he described in the World Cup final wouldn’t have been obvious to the fans watching the game on TV because broadcasters tend to fill the space between the kicks with replays and closeups of anxious coaches and fans.

“The details that really mattered, the subplot of the event, can only be accessed if you’re lucky enough to have access to isolated broadcast cameras or by scrolling through fan videos on YouTube.

“TV producers aren’t always my friends,” Jordet concludes, “because they don’t look at what I like to look at.”

But now that teams are beginning to realize the value of small details in shootouts, perhaps broadcasters might also consider innovating their approach. The greatest drama in sport is happening right under their noses, and sometimes they’re missing the best bits.CNN —

The Palestinian team has never taken part in a World Cup tournament, but the territory’s presence was very much in evidence at Qatar 2022.

Fans interrupted press interviews shouting “free Palestine,” while some Moroccan players held up the Palestinian flag after their historic quarterfinal win against Portugal, making the Atlas Lions the first African and Arab team to reach the semifinals.

The Israeli-Palestinian conflict has been a constant source of tension in the Middle East since the State of Israel’s creation in 1948, only made more tense after Israel’s capture of the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem in 1967.

Since the State of Israel’s creation – in what Palestinians call the “Nakba” and Israelis call Independence Day – clashes have been frequent.

Rami Hamadeh plays for the Palestianian national team against Jordan at the Mohammed Bin Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, AFC Asian Cup. Ulrik Pedersen/CSM/Zuma/AP

“Nakba” means catastrophe in Arabic, evoking a period which saw approximately 700,000 Palestinians flee or be forced to leave their homes in what became Israel.

“The Israeli occupation doesn’t just affect me, but affects … Palestinian sports in general,” the Palestinian team’s goalkeeper Rami Hamadeh told CNN Sports.

“Whether it’s players being arrested or killed. Regardless of these restrictions, we are able to achieve our goals and perform well, and this shows in our 2023 AFC Asian Cup qualification.”

One such player was the 23-year-old Ahmed Daraghmeh. Palestinian officials said Daraghmeh, a local football player from the city of Tubas near Nablus, was fatally shot by the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) in 2022, according to Reuters. Hamas, the militant group that runs Gaza, later claimed him as a member.

Palestinian football player Mahmoud Sarsak, who staged a hunger strike of nearly three months while in Israeli jail, is surrounded by relatives and supporters at the Al-Shifa hospital in Gaza City on July 10, 2012 upon his release from prison. Mahmud Hams/AFP/Getty Images

Palestinian athletes have also been arrested in the past. In 2009, Israeli authorities detained footballer Mahmoud Sarsak under Israel’s “illegal combatant” policy, colloquially known as administrative detention.

Under this policy, Israeli authorities can detain Palestinians indefinitely. Sarsak was released in 2012 following a hunger strike.

Israel alleged he was a member of the Islamic Jihad group. Sarsak rebutted those claims and said “I deny all the charges I am accused of. I am a sports person, I am a free footballer, I play for peace and the whole world, and I play for lifting the injustice of the Palestinian people.”

But last year’s AFC Asian Cup qualifiers proved to be a successful performance for the national team.

They beat the Philippines in the final round of the qualification stage with a 4-0 victory, granting them the third win in a row after beating Mongolia and Yemen.

Identification cards

Hamadeh, like 1.9 million other Palestinians living in Israel, holds Israeli citizenship and currently plays for local East Jerusalem team Jabal Al-Mukaber. He previously played for Israeli Premier League club Bnei Sakhnin.

Despite the obstacles Palestinian athletes face, he says they continue to dream big.

“The ambition and the dream is always there for me as a player and the national team. I hope that the national team is able to qualify for the World Cup. It’s the biggest competition that any football player wishes to be part of,” the 28-year-old Hamadeh added.

Palestinian athletes’ movements are determined by what identification card they hold, which is issued by the Israeli military.

Palestinians in the occupied West Bank and the Gaza Strip hold green IDs, while Palestinians in Jerusalem hold blue IDs. Palestinians in the West Bank cannot travel to Gaza or Jerusalem unless they have a special Israeli-issued travel permit.

To play matches in football stadiums Palestinian football players must apply for permits to cross Israeli checkpoints, and permit approvals are unpredictable. In 2019, Israel denied travel permits to some players from a Gazan football team to participate in a tournament against another club in the West Bank.

The president of the Palestinian Football Association (PFA) Jibril Rajoub told AP the denial was “clear evidence that this Israeli occupation is cruel but from our side we keep raising it to FIFA.”

In a survey conducted by London-based firm Henley & Partners, the Palestinian passport was ranked as one of the worst passports to hold in 2023, having visa-free or visa-on-arrival access to just 38 destinations, compared to Japan and the United States who enjoy access to over 100 destinations.

This can make it difficult for players to cross borders for qualifying competitions, leading them to cancel or forfeit.

In 2007, following the first leg of a play-off tie against Singapore, trailing 4-0, the Palestinian national football team failed to appear for the second match of the first round of FIFA 2010 qualifiers, making Singapore the automatic winners. Israel denied the players their travel permits from the Gaza Strip for travel to Singapore.

Makram Daboub (C) became the Palestinian national team's official coach in 2021. Suhaib Salem/Reuters

The politics of travel

Nicknamed the “Lions of Canaan” and the “Fedayeen,” the 30-strong Palestinian squad is coached by former Tunisian football player Makram Daboub, who told CNN that the politics of travel can be divisive.

“Our training base is in the West Bank, and I’m able to watch the matches here. But I can’t watch or train the players in Gaza because of movement restrictions. They can’t come to the West Bank either,” said Daboub.

The Gaza Strip is under a land, air, and sea blockade imposed by the Israeli and Egyptian army since 2007. Entry is granted to mostly journalists, diplomats, and aid workers, and tight travel restrictions are imposed on Gazans for travel.

“Freedom of movement in terms of training camps or attending matches is difficult and in our case it takes around a day to be able to move somewhere that should take 20 or 30 minutes,” Daboub said.

In a statement to CNN, a FIFA spokesman said, “Visa restrictions are evaluated on a case-by-case basis by the host country with the respective competition organizer. In the case of the Asian Cup, this is the AFC and FIFA of course for FIFA competitions with the host country or countries.”

Despite travel restrictions, the Palestinian team remains hopeful about their future prospects after qualifying for the 2023 AFC Asian Cup which has been postponed to January 2024.

With players scattered across various parts of the West Bank, Jerusalem, Gaza, Egypt, and Portugal, playing for their respective clubs, the Palestinian national football team has persisted through unique challenges.

Daboub became the team’s official coach in 2021 and believes the Palestinian squad has been steadily improving.

“We have been winning great achievements in the past couple of months. Qualifying for the 2021 FIFA Arab Cup in Qatar and for the Asian Cup. It is an achievement to qualify for the Asian Cup, especially for the third time as the national team,” said Daboub.

In 2022, The Asian Football Confederation (AFC) revealed they are expanding the number of teams for the FIFA World Cup 2026 from 32 to 48. For the first time since 1998, this new format will give Asian teams four additional places to qualify bringing the total to eight.

While FIFA President Gianni Infantino mentioned at a press conference last year that FIFA was reconsidering the 48-team World Cup structure in future discussions, a spokesman for soccer’s world governing body told CNN Sports the structure won’t be changing anytime soon.

This will give the number of Asian teams more spots to qualify and compete in the 2026 FIFA World Cup, and more possibilities for the Palestinian team.

The team will first showcase its talent at the West Asian Football Federation (WAFF) Championship before competing in the 2023 AFC Asian Cup.

Both tournaments will be crucial for Asian teams ahead of the next World Cup qualifier matches.

Morocco's Ismail El Haddad and Palestinian Yaser Hamed contest the ball in an Arab Cup game in December 2021. Suhaib Salem/Reuters

“I believe we can compete in the 2026 FIFA World Cup. At the 2023 Asian Cup qualification games in Mongolia, we won all three matches. During the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, we beat Uzbekistan 2-0 and played to a draw against Saudi Arabia,” said Yaser Hamed, who plays center back for the national team.

‘Love of football’

Despite not progressing to the 2022 World Cup – the Palestinian team managed to get to the second round of the Asian qualifiers out of a total of three stages – Hamed is positive about 2026.

Hamed was born in Spain to a Palestinian father and a Spanish mother, and references his dad as inspiration for his professional football career.

“When my father moved from Palestine to Spain, he started playing football and he loved it. So maybe the love of football comes from him. Maybe it’s from the Palestinian bloodline,” Hamed added.

Hamed, who scored his second national team goal in a 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Singapore, qualifies to play for Spain’s national football team if he’s called, but plays for the Palestinian national team instead, despite holding Spanish citizenship.

“I thought it was an amazing thing to play for the Palestinian national football team because I’m proud to be Palestinian. I need to use my voice for the Palestinian national team. It’s like I can fight for the country. This is very important for me,” said Hamed.

The road to FIFA 2026 begins this year, with the first stage of the continental qualifiers taking place on November 16, with two more stages continuing all the way through 2024 and 2025.

The president of the Palestinian FA Jibril Rajoub holding a press conference with IOC President Thomas Bach (not seen) after their meeting in Ramallah, West Bank, on September 19, 2022. Issam Rimawi/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images

The PFA, led by president Rajoub and General Secretary Firas Abu Hilal, funded the creation of the football squad’s first medical program in 2022 after they qualified for the Asian Cup. That medical program consists of a medical doctor and a nutritionist, who oversee the players’ health and fitness.

Diala Shaheen, who is also the nutritionist for the Palestinian National Olympic Committee, works with the soccer players, monitoring their health and fitness.

“To be an elite athlete requires you to be aware of what you consume and how you prepare, your physical status. I can happily say we are seeing the results with the athletes we are working with and are confirming the changes in their body and their performance in their games,” said Shaheen.

“The nutritional support that’s added on a higher level for our national team is going to make a difference because this is something that was never done before. I believe the importance of such interventions in making a difference on a team level,” Shaheen told CNN Sports, who adds that Oday Dabbagh has been “shining” in the Portuguese league.

Oday Dabbagh, who plays club football in Portugal, is pictured playing for the Palestinian national team against Song Kum Song of North Korea during the 2018 AFC Under-23 Championship in Jiangyin city, east China's Jiangsu province, in January 2018. Gao meng/Imaginechina/AP

Dabbagh is the first homegrown Palestinian athlete to star in a top European league, according to the PFA – he plays for Portugal’s F.C. Arouca and will be transferring to Belgian league R. Charleroi S.C in June of this year.

Shaheen and the PFA believe this addition will elevate the Palestinian team’s future success at professional tournaments and increase their global stature.

Infrastructure projects

The football team received FIFA membership in 1998 after several attempts. However the relationship between the PFA and FIFA hasn’t always been smooth.

Over the years, the PFA has filed numerous complaints to FIFA and has condemned the world governing body for what it cites as an inability to intervene with Israel’s control over Palestinian sports.

In 2015, the PFA called for the suspension of the Israel Football Association’s (IFA) membership with FIFA.

They accused Israel of restricting movements of Palestinian players in the West Bank and objected to Israeli teams playing in what are labeled by international law as illegal settlements in the West Bank.

FIFA said Israel didn’t violate any rules which led the PFA to withdraw their complaint, allegedly due to pressure by FIFA delegates.

Despite these tensions with the PFA, the world governing body pointed out that through its “FIFA Forward Programme and in addition to operational funding, FIFA has invested nearly $2.1 million into specific football development projects to help the Palestinians.”

Additionally, FIFA’s football infrastructure projects “include the installation of a Futsal Hall as well as renovation and installation of artificial pitch at Faisal Al-Husseini Stadium,” according to FIFA.

International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach, back right, and President of the Palestine Olympic Committee Jibril Rajoub, second right, back, meet with young Palestinian athletes at Faisal Al-Husseini stadium in the West Bank city of Al-Ram, north of Jerusalem, in September 2022. Alaa Badarneh/EPA-EFE/Shutterstock

General Secretary of the PFA Hilal told CNN Sports that the challenges the organization faces “won’t stop us from our plans.”

“This is our way as Palestinians to get the Palestinian message and the name of Palestine worldwide through football and through sport,” said Hilal.

“There are always clashes and limitations by the occupation, whether it is clashes happening in matches, or arresting athletes. But it’s known that existence is resistance for Palestinians, even in the world of sports,” Hilal added.

One such interruption during a football match was in 2019 when Israeli forces fired tear gas into a football stadium in Bethlehem, leaving Palestinian footballers to flee the pitch.

On an international level, the football association hasn’t hosted large tournaments because of the lack of infrastructure, according to general secretary Hilal.

Meanwhile in 2013, European soccer governing body UEFA granted Israel hosting rights for the European Under 21-Championships, which was hosted in Tel Aviv and three other cities, despite calls for boycotts from human rights groups.

While the FIFA World Cup 2026 is still three years away, the Palestinian national team is confident the West Asian and Asian Cups may help lead to a FIFA 2026 qualification.

“There’s a full plan to prepare our national team for the upcoming competitions, including the Asia Cup in January 2024 as well as the World Cup qualifications,” said General Secretary Abu Hilal.

“For 2026, we hope as the PFA and with the increase of the members in the World Cup, including the quota for Asia, that we are able to qualify for the World Cup,”

Coach Daboub goes even further.

“We’re going to do what Morocco did in the World Cup,” he said.CNN —

Betrayal has formed part of European politics since polities started forming – just ask Julius Caesar, who asked “Et tu Brute?” as his friend stabbed him for the good of the Roman Republic.

Fast forward to April 2021 and the machinations behind the proposed European Super League (ESL) that would have turned the sport on its head, effectively discarding its flagship competition – the Champions League – are akin to a ‘House of Cards’ plot.

Driven by 12 of Europe’s biggest clubs, the ESL intended to break away from European soccer governing body’s UEFA to create their own competition containing 20 teams – the founding members as well as three other permanent unnamed clubs and five others who would qualify every year.

In the Apple TV+ documentary “Super League: The War for Football,” the decisions that led to the controversial proposal are presented as a “political thriller … 96 sleepless hours over the course of four days,” its Emmy-award winning director Jeff Zimbalist tells CNN Sports.

Featuring almost all the key decision makers, the documentary depicts fans who felt betrayed by their clubs, soccer betraying its principles – or its future – and, most stingingly of all, “betrayal” between friends.

The friendship between UEFA President Aleksander Čeferin and Andrea Agnelli, then Juventus chairman and European Club Association chairman, forms the main narrative and emotional thread of the documentary.

Initially so close that Agnelli named Čeferin his daughter’s godfather as they worked together on reforming European football, their friendship unraveled as it became clear that Agnelli had helped formulate the rival ESL and was “sort of the general of the opposing army,” Zimbalist says.

“The dynamics at play here aren’t that different from the emotional and relational dynamics that we all have in our lives every day,” he adds. “The complexity of who to trust. And how deep the wound of betrayal runs.”

Aleksander Čeferin was elected UEFA President in 2016. Apple TV+

Characters – normally seen as names in a press release or faces giving television interviews – are fleshed out and offer tangible reasons for their actions, delving into their backstories.

Čeferin speaks about the moral dilemmas he faced as a lawyer defending traffickers and murderers; Agnelli about his brother’s death; Real Madrid President Florentino Pérez’s about his love of the club; and Paris Saint-Germain President Nasser Al-Khelaifi’s about his tennis playing days.

“This is not a bunch of robotic, mechanical strategists sitting around a war room,” Zimbalist says. “These are human beings, flesh and blood, with three dimensions who are feeling all sorts of emotion during this time.

“We were watching what’s usually taking place behind closed doors unfolding in public, this battle that revealed to us the machinations of power and how they clash up against each other.”

‘Is it social democracy or is it capitalist utopia?’

But the reverberations of the proposed ESL were felt beyond personal relationships, beyond even soccer, as the project entangled Russian oligarchs, American hedge fund billionaires and Middle Eastern sheikhs – all of whom owned the clubs involved.

Even Prince William intervened, expressing his opposition to the idea, while then British Prime Minister Boris Johnson threatened to “drop a legislative bomb” to prevent the breakaway league forming.

Public opinion became another battleground, with UEFA decisively winning the PR war as the ESL plans were dismantled by fans, governments and other clubs within 48 hours of becoming public.

Andrea Agnelli was replaced by Nasser Al-Khelaifi as the chairman of the European Club Association. Apple TV+

The documentary is balanced, offering the ESL architects’ reasoning and plans in extensive interviews, assembling almost the entire cast of characters to face off once more in the court of public opinion.

“That was how we presented it to them,” Zimbalist says.

“We’re going to hopefully have audiences in a tug of war where they, for 15 minutes at a time, are rooting for UEFA and the fans and the next 15 minutes they’re rooting for the Super League because they can identify with the personal experiences of the architects on either side and they understand the arguments.”

But Zimbalist was wary of casting the ESL as a battle between only two sides, constantly reminding himself and his team of the other groups.

“You can very easily just look at UEFA vs. the architects of the Super League,” he says. “But then you’re leaving out, in some ways, the most important voice, which is the fan voice.”

The entire documentary opens with the fans, lingering on the emotion provoked by football, and detailing the sport’s most fairytale-like stories such as unfancied Leicester City winning the Premier League in 2016.

So much of football’s magic, almost every commentator and fan interviewed for the documentary says, comes from the drama of promotion and relegation which the ESL would have undermined.

Real Madrid won the 2022 Champions League. Mustafa Yalcin/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images

It epitomizes the ideal that a club can rise from the lowest to the highest ranks of the sport; an idea that has been battered recently by the consolidation of wealth among the top few clubs, owned by mega-rich owners and able to simply buy the best players.

“This identity crisis in the sport – is it social democracy or is it capitalist utopia?” Zimbalist says. “If you look at the Super League story, capitalism may have its hands around the throat of the sport, but it hasn’t fully appropriated the sport either because the fans came out victorious.”

European governing body UEFA too emerged victorious, vowing to stop the “cynical project,” as seemingly, did football’s world governing body FIFA which threatened to expel clubs from international competitions.

The documentary, however, details FIFA’s more ambiguous position, its own financial competition with UEFA and its talks engaging with the nascent league, the documentary says.

‘The war for football rages on’

Still the conditions that led to the proposed ESL continue to plague European football as its organizers unveiled a reformed competition with “60 to 80 teams” earlier this month.

Zimbalist’s documentary delves deep into these themes, explaining the origins of the wage inflation first driven by “old money” clubs such as Real Madrid and Manchester United which are now in turn outspent by “new money” club such as PSG and Manchester City.

“We wanted to use this saga as a lens through which to understand the inner workings of a $40 billion a year industry,” he says.

“And ask big questions about can culture be owned? And how do you govern culture?”

Giorgio Marchetti is the Deputy General Secretary of UEFA. Apple TV+

For Barcelona and Juventus, their financial situations have only become more desperate during the last two years.

Juventus was docked 15 points earlier this month following an investigation into the Turin-based team’s representation of their player sales between 2018 and 2020, while the entire board of directors – including Agnelli – resigned in November amid an investigation from the public prosecutor’s office in Turin.

Barcelona’s already precarious financial situation has worsened following two consecutive group stage exits in the Champions League, and its president said in January that the ESL will become “a reality in 2025.”

But Arsenal CEO Vinai Venkatesham told CNN’s Richard Quest last month that for them, “the Super League is in the past.”

“It was something that we apologized for and … going forward, it’s not something that we’re interested in.”

Meanwhile court cases arbitrating the league’s fallout rumble on.

An opinion issued by the European Court of Justice (ECJ) ruled in December that the measures FIFA and UEFA took to block the breakaway league were in line with European Union competition laws, a blow to the continuing proponents of the ESL.

The ECJ will issue its final judgement later this year.

The ESL in the incarnation that it was originally proposed seems unlikely to become a reality but the “ideas behind the Super League, the vision that it proposes, are likely to take other forms and to evolve,” Zimbalist says.

“Maybe the battle of this version of the Super League and is perhaps close to over. But the war for football rages on.”CNN —

The seventh episode of Netflix’s “Full Swing” is named “Golf is Hard.” It could easily serve as the title for the series itself.

Taken literally, it could refer to how golf’s latest fly-on-the-wall show, documenting the 2022 PGA Tour season, shows just how difficult it is to win even a single tournament, let alone multiple or a major.

In the case of Matt Fitzpatrick, US Open triumph – his first PGA Tour win no less – proved the ultimate payoff to a dogged commitment to self-improvement, the reward for countless hours spent pouring over data and spreadsheets.

Dubbed the hardest working player in the men’s game, the 28-year-old Englishman is shown to have logged details of his shots since the age of 15. Trawling through a plastic box stacked with yardage books, Fitzpatrick estimates he has recorded over 7,000 swings from both competitions and the driving range.

Yet Rory McIlroy, despite a season featuring some of the best performances of his sparkling career, could not clinch a fifth major that has eluded him for over eight years.

McIlroy is the main character of the series’ eighth and final episode, which includes a sideline perspective of the Northern Irishman’s heartbreaking falloff in the final round of the Open Championship.

But “Golf is Hard” could also reference just how tough the sport is mentally on its biggest stars. Many of the show’s most compelling scenes are not of the golf itself, but instead those that allow viewers to peer into the psychological state of professional athletes navigating the pressures of elite sport.

McIlroy's wait for a fifth major continued at the 150th Open Championship in St. Andrews, Scotland, in July 2022. Warren Little / Getty Images

Troubles young and old

Emotional strains are shown manifesting differently for golfers at different stages of their career.

While rookie Sahith Theegala suffers the mental torture of an agonizing near-miss in the pursuit of his maiden win, Ian Poulter – into his 23rd season on the PGA Tour – contemplates his future in a field being frequently bossed by players half his age.

Just two months into his debut year after a prodigious US college career, Theegala tied for the lead at the Waste Management Phoenix Open in February 2022, with just two holes to play. But after a bogey at the 17th, a dejected Theegala trudged off the final green one stroke short of making the playoff – eventually won by Scottie Scheffler.

Fighting back tears in his press conference, after he finished answering questions cameras captured the rookie collapsing into the arms of his parents. Their efforts to console their distraught son – “It’s okay, it’s okay, you’ll get your day soon” – make for scenes as heartbreaking as they are touching.

Theegala acknowledges the crowd after narrowly missing out on the 2022 WM Phoenix Open title. Christian Petersen/Getty Images

“Sometimes you become a better player by failures,” says Theegala’s father Murli in the show.

“So I felt that maybe that’s great for him that he didn’t win. Psychologically, I feel like because there’s that hunger in him that he can still play well.”

“But I told him, ‘Hey, winning is not easy. It (losing) makes you stronger.’ I’m really, really proud of what he’s accomplished.”

Meanwhile, the “will he, won’t he” narrative around Poulter potentially joining the breakaway LIV Golf Series is framed around his desire to “maximize” his potential given his veteran status on the Tour.

His frustrations are in full view after a defeat to Fitzpatrick, one that deals a crushing blow to Poulter’s hopes of making The Masters. Facing his young English compatriot in a match-play event – a format at which Poulter is renowned for his proficiency – he is beaten decisively.

Upon returning to the locker room, Poulter’s frustrations boil over as he screams and throws his clubs. The 46-year-old later becomes one of the first to sign up for LIV Golf, which offers guaranteed prize money, in spite of the decision potentially ending his chances of captaining Team Europe at the Ryder Cup – a tournament he adores.

“People ask all the time, don’t you have enough (money) already? But that’s all relative,” Poulter says in the episode.

“I treat my golf as a job, and I want to obviously maximize every bit of my potential over the coming years.”

Poulter suffered an early exit at the World Golf Championships-Dell Technologies Match Play in March 2022. Gregory Shamus/Getty Images

Family ties

Somewhere in between Poulter and Theegala is Tony Finau, a five-time PGA Tour winner balancing his career with family responsibilities. As the show poses the question of why the American, given his talent, hasn’t lifted more silverware, the spotlight is turned on his close proximity to his family.

For the majority of the 2022 calendar, Finau traveled to events with his family, a decision prompted by the passing of his wife Alayna’s father. The golfer’s commitment to his partner, as well as his attitude to golf, is shown to be rooted in the loss of his own mother, who died in a car accident in November 2011, a day before Finau’s son was born.

“There’s always a special person in my life that’s never able to be here … I had a pretty amazing mom,” an emotional Finau says during a speech at an event for the foundation he has set up in his home of Salt Lake City.

“I feel like I just have to show the world not only what a great player I am, but the person I was raised to be.”

That attitude gives Finau conviction in how he has balanced his priorities, despite his reputation as the nearly-man of golf following an array of strong – but ultimately fruitless – major showings.

Video Ad Feedback Tony Finau's quest for his debut major 05:48 - Source: CNN

The episode juxtaposes his career with that of two-time major champion Collin Morikawa, who travels predominantly alone and discusses the benefits of being “selfish” while pursuing success. “I don’t have the family that Tony has. He’s got five kids, and I’m just learning how to travel with a dog,” Morikawa says.

But Finau holds his ground. “My career means a lot to me. And at times I think we can mistake that it means everything,” Finau says.

“I knew what my wife was going through. It was more important for me to be there for her … than really be anywhere else.

“Could my game have taken a backseat? Maybe. Potentially. But that’s not nearly as important to me as my wife.”

It makes for a fairytale ending to episode six when Finau – wearing green in honor of his mom – wins in front of his family for the first time on the PGA Tour at the 3M Open, before immediately following it up with triumph at the Rocket Mortgage Classic a week later.

Finau celebrates victory at the 3M Open with his family in July 2022. David Berding/Getty Images

‘Life and death’

By contrast, four-time major champion Brooks Koepka wrestles painfully with his loss of form, triggering a confidence crisis that has a profound impact on him.

A historic run of back-to-back major defenses between 2018 and 2019 established Koepka’s name in the golfing history books, but multiple injuries have contributed to his falloff in recent years.

For an athlete who frames winning and losing as “life and death,” the subsequent mental torture is all-consuming, even when far away from the course with his wife Jen.

“I used to be good at getting away from the game at home,” Koepka says.

“But lately, I cannot figure out how to f***ing turn it off cause I’ve been playing so bad. This f***ing thing can consume you.

“Jen will be talking to me, and I’m thinking about my damn golf swing. It’s one of those things – I’ve probably lost confidence a little bit. So if you lose confidence, it’s kind of tough to get it back just immediately.”

Koepka struggled for form throughout 2022. Amer Hilabi /AFP via Getty Images

Desperate to clear his mental block after an “embarrassing” missed cut at The Masters, Koepka cites the contrasting example of Scheffler, who is tearing up the Tour with multiple wins.

“I guarantee if you ask him what he’s thinking about, he goes ‘nothing,’” a despairing Koepka laments.

“The best player in the world doesn’t have any damn thoughts in his head, so why would you? So if Scottie isn’t doing it why the hell am I doing it?

“I’ve got to win, man. That’s the whole name of the game.”

Not for Joel Dahmen it isn’t. The polar opposite of the brooding Koepka, the self-depreciating “goofball” of the PGA Tour insists he will never be good enough to crack the top 10, let alone win a major.

“It’s not like I don’t try and I don’t practice. But someone’s got be the 70th best golfer in the world. Might as well be me,” Dahmen says.

“I’m a middle of the road PGA Tour player. The top players … they’re just built differently. They’re mentally just different. They hit it further and they chip and putt better. I’m not a threat when I walk into these things, really.

“I am not going to be a hall of famer. When I retire from golf, no one’s going to remember who I am. I understand that, I’m fine with it. I’m not playing for legacy. Some people are like, ‘That’s why you’ll never be great Joel, coz you don’t believe it.’”

Dahmen (left) is one of the PGA's Tour liveliest characters. Sarah Stier/Getty Images

The reason Dahmen doesn’t share Koepka’s life and death attitude to golfing success is shown to be rooted in two life-changing events. As a junior in high school, Dahmen lost his mother to pancreatic cancer – a death that left him directionless, “a leaf in the wind.”

In 2011, aged 23, Dahmen was diagnosed with testicular cancer. However, it was caught early and he was back playing golf the same year.

“I think myself having cancer probably changed my life for the better,” Dahmen says.

“Not take life for granted, try your best and do all the right things. Maybe a blessing in disguise.”

An excellent 10th place at the US Open, his best performance at a major, ensures an uplifting end to the episode on Dahmen, a change in rhetoric suggesting he had begun to chip away at his imposter syndrome.

“My best golf is very good golf. I can compete against the best in the world,” he says.

Dahmen seemed buoyed by his US Open result. Maddie Meyer/Getty Images

Filming has already begun on season two, Netflix and the PGA Tour announced Tuesday, with cameras in place at February’s Waste Management Phoenix Open to capture Scottie Scheffler’s defense of his title.

Following a new group of players, the second season “figures to capitalize on what made the launch of the docuseries so relatable, capturing not just the victories but also the heart-wrenching close calls,” a press release from the PGA Tour said.

In essence then, “Full Swing” looks set to repeat its message: “Golf is Hard.”CNN —

“The Island Green” – three words that have struck fear into the hearts of even the most talented golfers.

A short, 125-yard par-three surrounded by water, TPC Sawgrass’ iconic penultimate hole has drowned many a dream at The Players Championship for more than four decades.

On Thursday, Hayden Buckley had other ideas.

After making a steady start to his first round at the PGA Tour’s flagship event, the American — having started from the 10th hole – teed up at the 17th at one-under par, tied for eighth.

One swing later, he was level for the lead.

Buckley plays his shot from the 17th tee. Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images

Using a pitching wedge, the 27-year-old had sent his ball sailing over the water and comfortably onto the green; his ball bouncing three times before settling and curling leisurely into the cup.

A rapturous crowd roared their delight as Buckley gleefully tossed his hat into the air before high-fiving his caddie, then playing partners Adam Long and Taylor Montgomery.

It marks only the 11th ace at the renowned hole in the 49-year history of The Players Championship, and the second in consecutive tournaments after Irish golfer Shane Lowry took the tally to double digits in last year’s edition.

Buckley toasts his ace. Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images

After a run of 14 years without a hole-in-one between 2002 and 2016, there have now been five aces at the 17th hole over the last eight editions of “the fifth major.”

For Buckley, who arrived in Florida as world No. 107 and is chasing his first PGA Tour title, it marked the second hole-in-one of his PGA Tour career following his first at the Shriners Children’s Open in 2021 – coincidentally, also at the 17th hole.

The fairytale continued as Buckley birdied the subsequent par-four, making him the first player on record at The Players Championship to follow up a hole-in-one at the 17th with a birdie at the 18th, according to the PGA Tour.

A second straight birdie after the turn lifted him to five-under, though this marked the high water mark of the American’s round.

Six dropped shots – including two double bogeys at the 6th and 8th holes – saw him leave the course tied for 38th after carding a one-over 73.CNN —

A star-studded field will contest a record $25 million prize purse at The Players Championship on Thursday.

The field includes a trio of stars who have already held the world No. 1 spot in 2023 – Rory McIlroy, Scottie Scheffler and Jon Rahm, who currently tops the rankings – but there will be one glaring absence at TPC Sawgrass for the PGA Tour’s flagship event.

In the championship’s 49-year history, no player has ever successfully defended the title and with reigning champion Cameron Smith barred from competing due to his involvement in the LIV Golf Series, that run is guaranteed to tick over to half a century.

“Yes, it’s awkward,” PGA Tour Commissioner Jay Monahan told reporters Tuesday when quizzed on the Australian world No.5’s absence.

“He was a deserved champion … but ultimately that’s a decision he made, and we’ve got an unbelievable field here this week and a history and tradition that one of these 144 is going to go seek to get.”

Smith celebrates with The Players Championship trophy after victory in March 2022. Sam Greenwood/Getty Images

Elephants in the room

Smith headlines a host of big names who will not tee up in Florida due their involvement in the breakaway Saudi-backed tour.

Five of last year’s top 10 at the event – Smith, Anirban Lahiri, Paul Casey, Harold Varner III and Dustin Johnson – have joined LIV Golf.

Ensuring a field packed with the best golfers has been a cornerstone of The Players Championship’s claim to being golf’s “fifth major,”, yet six of the world’s top 50-ranked players – including Chilean duo Joaquin Niemann and Mito Pereira – will be absent for same reasons as Smith and co.

And as major champions in the previous five years, LIV Golf players Brooks Koepka, Bryson Dechambeau, Patrick Reed, and Phil Mickelson would all have been eligible to feature.

As a result, a string of questions posed to players ahead of the tournament focused on who was not playing, as opposed to who was.

“Would it be better if the defending champion was here this week? Absolutely,” McIlroy, champion in 2019, told reporters.

“But he made a decision that he felt was the best thing for him, and he knew that decision was going to come with consequences, and one of the consequences is right now not being able to play on the PGA Tour.”

McIlroy chats with his manager Sean O'Flaherty during a practice round ahead of the tournament. Richard Heathcote/Getty Images

Rahm’s response to Smith’s exclusion echoed that of McIlroy’s, with the Spaniard adding that “different circumstances” mitigated his belief that “defending champions should always be there.”

Some players made a choice of going to a different golf league knowing that they weren’t going to be allowed to play here,” Rahm said.

“And yes, this is a massive event. It is very close to major quality event, but it’s still a PGA Tour event.”

Smith will be watching, but exactly where from remains to be seen. In an interview shared on Twitter by Golf.com, the Australian – who lives in Florida – said he would be tuning in via TV before adding he would “love to get out” to TPC Sawgrass for the event.

“I don’t know how it would be received,” Smith said.

“But even getting out there and watching, walking around in the crowd, might be pretty funny.”

A new era

Arguably the most dominant theme of the pre-tournament press conferences though, concerned last week’s announcement of the PGA Tour’s revamped 2024 calendar.

Under the new schedule, eight “designated events” will offer increased prize purses, smaller fields, and no cuts – all features of the LIV Golf Series.

The restricted field sizes – between 70 and 78 players – twinned with eligibility criteria designed to reward “top performers” on the PGA Tour, has led to concerns that the revamped schedule could lead to a “closed shop,” leaving lower-ranked golfers out in the cold.

A players meeting was held Tuesday morning to discuss the changes, McIlroy said. The Northern Irishman, who joined Scheffler in backing the new schedule last week, believed those talks were positive.

“When more information and data was presented to them, the people that maybe had reservations about it I think came around, or at least were more informed on their opinions,” said McIlroy.

“It was good for them to see that and to see what the thinking is behind what we’re really trying to do here. I think the temperature in the room was nowhere near as hot as I anticipated it to be once the information was laid out.”

Rahm, who said he did not attend the players meeting as he was spending time with his children, added that while he understood some of the grievances, he believed the changes were “the best for everybody” in the long term.

Rahm speaks to the media ahead of the event. Richard Heathcote/Getty Images

McIlroy has been an outspoken critic of the LIV Golf Series since its arrival last year.

However, in light of the PGA Tour’s changes, the four-time major winner believes the breakaway series has ultimately been beneficial to golf.

“I’m not going to sit here and lie – I think the emergence of LIV or the emergence of a competitor to the PGA Tour has benefited everyone that plays elite professional golf,” McIlroy said.

“When you’ve been the biggest golf league in the biggest market in the world for the last 60 years, there’s not a lot of incentive to innovate.

“This has caused a ton of innovation at the PGA Tour, and what was quite, I would say, an antiquated system is being revamped to try to mirror where we’re at in the world in the 21st century with the media landscape.

“The PGA TOUR isn’t just competing with LIV Golf or other sports. It’s competing with Instagram and TikTok and everything else that’s trying to take eyeballs away from the PGA TOUR as a product.”

The iconic 17th green at TPC Sawgrass. Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images

Again, Rahm agreed with McIlroy, adding that such changes would “never” have happened without LIV Golf.

“So to an extent, like I’ve said before, we should be thankful this threat has made the PGA TOUR want to change things,” Rahm said.

“I wish it didn’t come to the PGA TOUR being under fire from somebody else to make those changes and make things better for the players, but I guess it is what we needed. It is because of LIV Golf, otherwise we wouldn’t have seen any of this.”

Tee times

Play begins with the first trios teeing off at 6:50am ET on Thursday, as a glittering field throws up a host of big-name groupings.

7:34am – Patrick Cantlay, Tony Finau, Tom Kim

7:45am – Collin Morikawa, Rickie Fowler, Adam Scott

7:56am – Scottie Scheffler, Rory McIlroy, Jon Rahm

12:34pm – Matt Fitzpatrick, Viktor Hovland, Shane Lowry

12:45pm – Kurt Kitayama, Will Zalatoris, Xander Schauffele

12:56pm – Justin Thomas, Jordan Spieth, Max Homa

How to watch

Golf Channel will be broadcasting the first two rounds of the event from 12pm to 6pm ET on Thursday and Friday, before coverage switches to NBC – from 1pm to 6pm ET – for the two final weekend rounds.

Viewers in the United Kingdom and Ireland can watch via Sky Sports from 11:30am Thursday.

More information on how to watch can be found on the PGA Tour’s website here.CNN —

For Brooks Koepka, picking his favorite major win is akin to choosing a favorite child.

Or at least, what he imagines the feeling is like. The 32-year-old has no children of his own, but the four glistening trophies displayed in his home are equally cherished all the same.

The matching pairs of US Open and PGA Championships cups were all scooped in an unprecedented stretch between 2017 and 2019 that saw the American become the first golfer in history to win back-to-back titles in two different majors concurrently. Before Koepka, nobody had ever won their first four majors inside two years.



It means that, of the eight PGA Tour wins he has to his name, half are major triumphs. For Koepka, it’s a ratio he is more than content with.

“Nothing quite feels the same, the majors are so different. It’s the pinnacle of our sport, it’s what you’re judged by,” Koepka told CNN.

“If you look at all the greats that have ever played this game, most people can’t tell you how many PGA Tour events or how many European Tour events this person’s won or that person’s won, but they know exactly how many majors you’ve won.

“So, to me, that’s what you’re defined by.”

‘I love it when athletes get cocky’

They are words that make for tough reading for the host of supremely talented golfers who never clinched, or are still chasing, a major win. With 11 runner-up finishes between them, Colin Montgomerie, Lee Westwood, and Rickie Fowler are just three acclaimed players for whom majors have proved elusive despite a plethora of professional wins.

Koepka has previously explained how majors are the easiest tournaments to win. It’s a characteristic candidness that he makes no apologies for. In fact, he sees it as a strength.

“I’m pretty blunt, I don’t like beating around the bush. I just say it how it is, I’ve always been that way,” he said. “I know my monotone can come off a little bit of a pain in the butt for people, but that’s how I feel.

“I love it when athletes get cocky or confident in themselves – I think that’s important. Everybody needs that, no matter what profession, no matter what you’re doing.

“If you feel you’re the best then go ahead and say it and then just go back it up.”

Koepka poses with the Wanamaker Trophy after capturing his second PGA Championship title in 2019. Ross Kinnaird/Getty Images

And Koepka has certainly backed it up. The Floridian has finished inside the top-five in 12 of his 34 career major starts, including three runner-up finishes.

Only five times has he missed the cut, and two of those came during an excruciating season last year.

Koepka’s current Official World Golf Ranking (OWGR) No. 85 status is the lowest position he has held since 2014 – albeit with the caveat of his involvement in the LIV Golf Series which, due its exclusion from the OWGR weighting system, has adversely affected the ranking of players who have joined the Saudi-backed series.

Injury woes have compounded a painful fall from the summit for the former World No. 1. After tearing the patella tendon in his left knee in 2019, Koepka revealed this past October that he had “dislocated and shattered” his right knee in 2021. The injuries were so severe that the American wondered if his career was over.

His struggle to come to terms with his loss of form was laid bare in Netflix’s new fly-on-the-wall golf documentary series “Full Swing,” where Koepka admitted his slump was “the worst” he had ever suffered in his life.

“There was a lot of stuff … just in (my) personal life, had gone on. A lot of down times, man,” Koepka told CNN.

“The injuries, you look back at it and a lot of time you’re just sitting there. There’s a lot of pain, a lot of stuff you’ve just got to endure, just to make it better. It’s not always fun, not always glamorous.”

Koepka struggled for form during 2022. Soobum Im/USA Today Network/Reuters

Health is wealth

Yet Koepka still carries good memories of 2022, namely his marriage to Jena Sims and a cathartic win at the final individual event of the LIV Golf Invitational Series in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, in October.

Alongside brother Chase, he also secured victory in the corresponding team event. Given Koepka had promised to buy his younger sibling a Lamborghini if they won, it put a dent in his $4 million individual winner’s earnings, but ultimately ensured a happy ending to a disappointing campaign.

Brooks and Chase Koepka toast their victory at the LIV Golf Invitiational - Jeddah. Charles Laberge/LIV Golf/Getty Images

“To be able to finally have some happy times, some success with all the down stuff, it was very enjoyable … something I can really, really look back on,” Koepka said.

“I could feel the trend coming upwards, (during) the middle of the year – I was getting out of the funk and just happy to be out of it now.

“Hopefully put all that stuff behind me and stay healthy for a while, that’s the goal.”

Naturally though, that isn’t Koepka’s only goal for 2023. A self-confessed “slow starter,” he is looking to be up to speed by the time The Masters rolls around in April.

Runner-up to Tiger Woods in 2019, a green jacket would put Koepka on track for what he considers to be a “good” 2023.

“Hopefully a few wins, and then a major – that’s the goal every year,” he said.CNN —

Lionel Messi and Alexia Putellas were crowned the best players in men’s and women’s football at FIFA’s annual awards ceremony in Paris on Monday.

Messi, who guided Argentina to World Cup glory at the end of last year, was honored as the Best FIFA Men’s Player for the second time in the award’s current format, while Spanish midfielder Putellas was named Best FIFA Women’s Player for the second year running.

National team coaches and captains, as well as a worldwide panel of journalists and supporters, vote on the awards each year.

The 35-year-old Messi finished ahead of Paris Saint-Germain teammate Kylian Mbappé and Real Madrid forward Karim Benzema in the voting for the men’s award.

“I achieved a dream I had been hoping for so long,” said Messi, reflecting on Argentina’s World Cup win. “It’s a dream for any player, very few people can achieve that and I was lucky enough to do so.”

In the World Cup final, Messi scored twice as Argentina and France played out a thrilling 3-3 draw after extra time before Argentina triumphed on penalties.

Messi also scored six goals in 26 appearances as his PSG team won a record-equaling 10th title in Ligue 1.

In his voting capacity as Argentina’s captain, Messi chose PSG teammate Neymar as the best men’s player ahead of Mbappé and Benzema.

Putellas, meanwhile, scored 34 goals in all competitions last season and captained Barcelona to a domestic treble and a spot in the Champions League final against eventual winner Lyon.

Putellas collects the award for the Best FIFA Women's Player. Franck Fife/AFP/Getty Images

The 29-year-old, who missed the European Championships with an ACL injury, finished ahead of the USA international Alex Morgan and England striker Beth Mead in the voting.

She also becomes the first player to win the women’s award twice.

As well as Messi, two other Argentinians – goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez and coach Lionel Scaloni – were honored at the awards ceremony, while England goalkeeper Mary Earps and coach Sarina Wiegman were recognized on the women’s side.

The Puskás Award for the best goal in men’s and women’s football went to Polish amputee star Marcin Oleksy for an outrageous scissor-kick goal while playing for Warta Poznan in November.

“I connected really cleanly. It was pure,” Oleksy said about his goal.

“When I hit it, I was following the ball all the way with my eyes and I saw it go into the corner of the net. I always wanted to score a beautiful goal. You could see how proud it made me after I scored. I stood up tall, I put my chest out. I was just so, so happy.”CNN —

FC Barcelona was charged on Friday by the Barcelona provincial prosecutor’s office with “continued corruption between individuals in the sports field” in addition to other charges in relation to an alleged payment scandal which has rocked Spanish soccer.

Former FCB presidents Sandro Rosell and Josep Maria Bartomeu, former club CEO Oscar Grau, former club director of professional sports Albert Soler and José María Enríquez Negreira – a former leading refereeing official in Spain – have also been charged.

In a written complaint from the Barcelona Prosecutor’s Office sent to CNN, Barça and the other accused have also been charged with “the crime of continued false administration and the crime of continued falsification of commercial documents.”

The charges were presented to the No. 1 magistrate’s court in Barcelona.

An FCB source told CNN that the club did not have an official statement, though its first reaction was that the charges were to be expected after recent events, but that the report was an “absolutely preliminary investigative hypothesis” and that the club would assist the investigation in any way possible. The source also strongly denied that the club had at any time bribed a referee or tried to influence refereeing decisions.

Spanish lawyer Jose Maria Fuster Fabra confirmed to CNN that he’s representing Bartomeu in this case. “We are preparing the defense and we don’t think this case will go to trial,” he said, declining to make further statements.

CNN has reached out to Enriquez Negreira’s company for comment.

CNN was unable to contact Rosell, Grau and Soler for comment.

Former Barça president Sandro Rosell is one of the accused in the Prosecutor's Office report. Fernando Villar/Pool/AP

According to the Prosecutor’s Office, the accused held positions of power in the club and were aware of payments which were invoiced annually from January 2011 until June 2018 to two companies that Enríquez Negreira – who was serving as a CTA vice president from 1993 to 2018 – founded, which “acted on behalf and in direct benefit to Barcelona.”

The CTA is the governing body responsible for deciding which referees and assistants officiate league and national competitive matches in Spain.

The club is accused of – through both Rosell and Bartomeu – coming to a “strictly confidential verbal agreement” with Enríquez Negreira with the aim to “produce actions which tended to favor Barcelona in the form of refereeing decisions.”

“Subsequently, the companies of the accused, [Nisdal SCP] and [Dasnil 95 SL], produced invoices which were presented for payment to FCB without having to produce any services of real technical reports,” the report said.

The report from the Barcelona’s Prosecutor’s Office outlines that the two companies connected to Enríquez Negreira were founded by him and he held 100% and 95% of the shares in Dasnil 95 and Nisdal respectively.

According to the report, an audit was started by the tax authorities in 2019 into Enríquez Negreira’s companies in which they asked Barcelona to provide copies of invoices and method of payment. Because Barcelona was not able to satisfy the authorities’ questions, the club incurred a tax penalty and an investigation was later opened into Enríquez Negreira and his companies for the time period of 2016 to 2019.

The investigation discovered that the club paid his two companies a total of $3,175,589.21 (€2,971,673.01) between those years, mostly under the pretense of “assessment of technical videos.” After Enríquez Negreira was relieved of his vice presidency at the CTA in 2018, the payments from Barcelona stopped.

Former Barça president Josep Maria Bartomeu was also named in the Prosecutor's Office report. Albert Gea/Reuters

In February 2019, Enríquez Negreira sent a fax directed towards Bartomeu “recriminating him for ending the long-lasting relationship, insisting that a solution be found for both parties and warning him of the consequences of not doing so,” according to the report.

“I don’t have the will to give attention to all of the irregularities I’ve known and lived first-hand with anyone at the Club, but you are forcing me to do so if you don’t reconsider your decision and complete the agreement we had to continue using my services until the end of my presidential mandate,” Enríquez Negreira wrote.

According to the report, the total amount Barça paid Enríquez Negreira’s companies from 2001 to 2018 during his vice-presidency in the CTA surpassed $7.8 million (€7.3 million).

“This resulted in a substantial remuneration, unforeseen by the statutes of the Club nor which was approved by the General Assembly, which should have been given its nature. Definitively, said payments neither had legal or statutory support at all.”

In February, Barcelona said that a “thorough and independent investigation” was underway.

European football governing body UEFA declined to comment on whether it is investigating the club. However, in a press conference earlier in March, Spanish football federation (RFEF) secretary general Andreu Camps said the organization had sent all of its information relating to the case to UEFA’s integrity unit.

CNN has reached out to FIFA for comment.CNN —

Gary Lineker will take a step back from presenting “Match of the Day,” the iconic British football show, following controversy about a tweet he wrote earlier in the week, the BBC announced on Friday.

On Tuesday, Lineker tweeted “Good heavens, this is beyond awful” to a video posted on Twitter by the British Home Office announcing the government’s asylum seeker policy.

He then continued to write: “There is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s, and I’m out of order?”

A statement from the BBC said the decision for Lineker to step back followed “extensive discussions” with the former England international and his team.

“We have said that we consider his recent social media activity to be a breach of our guidelines,” the statement said.

“The BBC has decided that he will step back from presenting Match of the Day until we’ve got an agreed and clear position on his use of social media.

“When it comes to leading our football and sports coverage, Gary is second to none. We have never said that Gary should be an opinion free zone, or that he can’t have a view on issues that matter to him, but we have said that he should keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies.”

Lineker’s team declined to comment on the BBC statement when contacted by CNN.

No presenters or pundits on Match of the Day

No presenters or pundits will appear on this Saturday’s Match of the Day show, after a series of statements of support for Lineker.

Former football players Alan Shearer and Ian Wright both announced on Twitter that they had told the BBC they would not appear on the show.

“I have informed the BBC that I won’t be appearing on MOTD tomorrow night,” Shearer wrote on Twitter.

“Everybody knows what Match of the Day means to me, but I’ve told the BBC I won’t be doing it tomorrow. Solidarity,” Wright tweeted.

“Some of our pundits have said that they don’t wish to appear on the programme while we seek to resolve the situation with Gary. We understand their position and we have decided that the programme will focus on match action without studio presentation or punditry,” a BBC spokesperson said on Friday evening.

Dan Walker, a former BBC Breakfast and Football Focus presenter, also tweeted: “I used to sit in for Gary Lineker on MOTD… not sure I’d fancy it this weekend. What a mess!”

Meanwhile, the BECTU union who represent BBC staff, expressed their concern on Friday about the BBC’s decision.

“This is a deeply concerning decision from the BBC. It will give the appearance that they have bowed to political pressure from ministers to take someone off air for disagreeing with the policies of the current government,” the Head of BECTU, Philippa Childs said in a statement.

“Taken with the ongoing controversy over the appointment of the BBC Chairman, who has a much more important role in upholding the reputation of the BBC, and who has not stepped back while under investigation, it also risks given the impression of double standards on these issues.”CNN —

The story of David versus Goliath is old as time immemorial, but it never gets old when it comes to sport as every fan loves hearing about how the brave underdog fights against all odds to conquer the bigger and supposedly better giant.

In the Premier League a small west London club recently promoted to top-flight soccer has defied the odds and now has the distinct possibility of challenging for a place to play in one of Europe’s intercontinental club competitions, which would be a chance to dine with the continent’s elite and bring in extra revenue.

This season’s Premier League title might be moving to north London as Arsenal has found its form again, with the Gunners topping the league standings, but it’s Brentford FC who have been consistently surprising the league’s big spenders.

“Make no mistake about it, if we were to get into Europe, we could give a right good go,” Brentford’s Technical Director Lee Dykes tells CNN Sport.

“We would take the challenge on,” he adds bristling with confidence.

Brentford has upset the odds this campaign and is looking to qualify for Europe ahead of next season. Catherine Ivill/Getty Images

The reason the Bees are swarming into the top half of the table is down to the club’s approach to soccer as they have fully embraced the concept of “moneyball.”

It’s the notion that analytics trump scouts when it comes to constructing winning teams as was immortalized in the book, “Moneyball.”

The book was turned into a Hollywood blockbuster where Brad Pitt played shrewd baseball executive Billy Beane of the Oakland A’s, who helped the franchise make the Major League Baseball (MLB) playoffs despite their low payroll.

Brentford has made the point in the past that for David to beat Goliath, his weapon of choice has to be different, and for the Bees that has manifested in the form of statistics.

“I would say that we use numbers cleverly in recruitment and in performance, and I think the way I put it is that the structure of this club is its biggest weapon,” Dykes says.

This season, Brentford’s squad, which according to Transfermarkt is estimated to be worth $305 million, beat Manchester United 4-0 ($808 million), Manchester City 2-1 ($1.08 billion), and Liverpool 3-1 ($992 million), while securing draws with Arsenal ($803 million) and Tottenham Hotspur ($711 million).

“We’re constantly trying to push the boundaries so when we achieve good things and when we beat Liverpool – I was sat there with a nice smile on my face saying ‘we’ve done that.’ We’ve worked hard to get that result,” Dykes says.

“It is very satisfying because when you win, when you do well and you achieve great things, you kind of want there to be a story behind it. You kind of want to know that you’ve overachieved and you’ve gone above and beyond, right?

“And that’s what we feel we’ve done at Brentford. We’ve not just got promoted to the Premier League and thrived in the Premier League, paying ridiculous amounts of money. We’ve actually really worked cleverly in the transfer market,” he says.

The Bees follow a system similar to that of Billy Beane's "Moneyball," as portrayed by Brad Pitt. Scott Rudin Productions/Kobal/Shutterstock

Fine margins

Dykes explains that the club looks to hold themselves accountable to keeping track of several key metrics, so that it avoids any costly panic buys or bloodletting if results aren’t going the team’s way. It helps take emotion out of any decision making and any assessment will be down to cold hard facts.

“You lose a game and everybody’s down on the floor,” he continues.

“When you’ve dissected the performance levels using final third entries we’ve had, how much possession and how many key passes that we’ve made, how many real chances did we have in that game. It’s a fine margin.

“Also, the goalkeeper may have pulled off an unbelievable save, maybe just little things that have gone wrong in that passing sequence.

“So we try to really understand the performance of the team in any given game and find out if we have actually won or not … and we try to look at the underlining numbers, data, statistics.”

In many ways Brentford is the Goliath when it comes to using statistics, but is it as simple as using algorithms to displace any human input?

Not quite, according to Dykes.

“We cover 85,500 worldwide. For me to do that, my team to do that – 15 people strong – you’re not going to do that with your eyes. You need a system that filters that down to a manageable number. But that system has to be aligned with what you want from your eyes,” he says.

“You need to develop a criteria that is linked to the data filter of all of the players. It comes down into this process and then you’re in a stage where you can start looking with the eyes still checking with the numbers, but that’s how data should be used in football.

“It gives us options, it allows us to filter through and miss nothing. And then we attach some very good eyes in the recruitment team,” Dykes adds.

Brentford's owner Matthew Benham has been a key figure in implementing this philsophy at the club. Mike Egerton/PA Images/Getty Images

But spotting the player is the first step and from there Dykes says, “we try and do things quietly and quickly.”

“The data will give us a really good idea of where we should be looking, so we catch things really early. Then it’s about how quickly we can take it from that point to a signing stage.

“We’ve got a situation where nobody knows this player we’re in for. He gets to this point, so we’re nearly there and all of a sudden it’s out in the press and then he’s gone to another club. So in the Premier League, that is a challenge for us.”

“Good eyes” have helped find a number of gems including the irrepressible Ivan Toney who has scored 15 goals in the league, and is currently the third top scorer behind Tottenham’s Harry Kane (18 goals) and Man City’s Erling Haaland (27 goals).

“I think he’s one of the top 10 center forwards in the world and that’s what Brentford have done for Ivan, but also what he’s done for himself,” Dykes says of the club’s star player.

“We plucked Ivan from League One, from Peterborough. There were a lot of people looking at Ivan and he’s always one of those, you sign them to do well, and it’s like, ‘oh yeah’ it was an obvious one because he was doing really well for Peterborough.

” I’m kind of like ‘yeah’ we were the ones that put, well, [Brentford FC owner] Matthew [Benham] was the one who put the money on the table and look at him now.”

It’s also on the opposite side of the pitch that Brentford have a much sought after prized asset in goalkeeper David Raya who has captured attention all across Europe, Dykes says.

“David’s a great guy. He’s a very nice person and I know what he wants to achieve personally. But we will have to move on from David.”

“In my opinion [David] could go play for any team in the world. He’s that good.”

Ivan Toney has been a success story for Brentford and is currently the Premier League's third top scorer. Alex Davidson/Getty Images

Last year, Brentford finished its inaugural season in the Premier League in 13th place, five places above the drop zone, where the worst three teams are relegated to the Championship.

Impressive for a team that had just been promoted.

Now the Bees have Europe in their sights, with an opportunity to potentially play in the Europa League or the Europa Conference League.

“For us, it is genuinely just about us getting better every year, but not by league position, by the measurements we take, by the players that we acquire, by the people that we employ,” Dykes concludes.

“If we can just continually develop and step in the right direction then naturally Europe will beckon one day. And we’ve got to embrace that challenge.”CNN —

Time might have run out for Novak Djokovic to be admitted US entry to play at Indian Wells, but US politicians – notably Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis – are lobbying for regulations to change and allow the world No. 1 into the country in time for the Miami Open.

The US still requires international visitors to be vaccinated against Covid-19, and the Serbian, who has previously said he remains unvaccinated, confirmed he had applied for special permission to enter the country ahead of both tournaments.

However, Indian Wells organizers announced on Sunday that Djokovic had withdrawn from the tournament, where main draw play began Wednesday.

DeSantis said he would “run a boat from the Bahamas” for Djokovic to compete in the Miami Open tennis tournament later this month.

“I would run a boat from the Bahamas here for him. I would do that a hundred percent,” DeSantis said at a press conference in Tampa Wednesday.

“I think his people are looking at it, and I’m not sure that’s the way they want to come into the country, which I understand. I think it’d be a great moment, but you know, nevertheless.”

According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director, proof of Covid-19 vaccination is required for non-U.S. citizens, non-immigrant passengers arriving from a foreign country to the US by air, though that applies to other forms of travel.

On Tuesday, DeSantis had called on US President Joe Biden to intervene and allow Djokovic to compete in the tournament.

“The only thing keeping Novak Djokovic from participating in the Miami Open tennis tournament is President Biden’s misguided and unscientific COVID-19 vaccination requirement for foreigner travelers,” DeSantis, who has separately vowed to permanently ban mandates related to coronavirus mitigation as he considers a presidential bid, said on Twitter.

“Mr. President – lift your restrictions and let him compete,” he added.

Australian Open champion Novak Djokovic poses with the trophy. Carl Recine/Reuters

Republican Senators Rick Scott and Marco Rubio of Florida also urged the US president to allow Djokovic into the country to play.

“On a question of regarding the vaccination requirement, I refer you to the CDC – are the ones who deal with that,” White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said Wednesday.

The vaccine requirement, she said, “is still in place, and we expect everyone to abide by our country’s rule, whether as a participant or spectator.”

US Open organizers said on Friday that they and the United States Tennis Association were “hopeful” that Djokovic was successful in his petition.

“Novak Djokovic is one of the greatest tennis players of all time and a six-time champion of the Miami Open,” the Miami Open said on Twitter on Friday.

“We hope he is allowed entry into the country so Floridians have the opportunity to see him compete once again.”

CNN has reached out to representatives for Djokovic and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security for comment.

“Look, last year I did miss both Indian Wells, Miami and all the US Open swing,” the 22-time grand slam winner Djokovic told reporters in Belgrade last month.

“So it wouldn’t be the first time if it does happen. I mean, I hope it doesn’t, but that’s all I can do. All I can do is hope at the moment because, you know, my position stays the same. There’s not much else I can do except wish for a positive result,” he said.

Djokovic returned to the world No. 1 position when he defeated Stefanos Tsitsipas to win a record 10th Australian Open in January.

It was his 22nd major title, which tied him with Rafael Nadal for the most grand slam singles titles in men’s tennis history.

The Miami Open’s main draw play starts March 22 and and the tournament nds April 2.CNN —

World No. 1 Novak Djokovic has withdrawn from this week’s BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells, the tournament announced on Sunday, suggesting that his visa application to enter the United States had been unsuccessful.

Djokovic, who is unvaccinated against Covid-19, said last month that he had hoped for a “positive result” on being able to receive special permission to play tournaments in the US, where international visitors must be vaccinated in order to gain entry.

Georgian player Nikoloz Basilashvili has taken Djokovic’s place in the draw.

Speaking to reporters on Friday after his defeat against Daniil Medvedev in Dubai, the Australian Open champion said he was “still waiting for the news from America.”

He added: “If there’s no America, I guess I’ll play clay. Monte Carlo is probably the next tournament. If that’s the case, I’ll take some time off, I’ll prepare.”

CNN has contacted Djokovic’s representatives for comment on his withdrawal from Indian Wells but did not receive a response.

The tournament begins on Monday and concludes on March 19.

Last week, the US Open said in a tweet that Djokovic is one of the “greatest champions our sport has ever seen,” adding that organizers of the grand slam were “hopeful” his petition to enter the country would be successful.

Djokovic began the year by defeating Stefanos Tsitsipas to win the Australian Open, equaling Rafael Nadal’s record of 22 grand slam singles titles in the men’s all-time list.

He could surpass Nadal’s record at the French Open later this year, though the Spaniard will be looking to defend his title as he continues his recovery from injury.CNN —

Ukrainian tennis player Marta Kostyuk refused to shake hands with her Russian opponent Varvara Gracheva after claiming victory in the final of the ATX Open in Austin, Texas, on Sunday.

Kostyuk defeated Gracheva 6-3 7-5, collapsing to the court after converting match point, before refusing to shake hands with the Russian.

The 20-year-old, who is from Kyiv, said at January’s Australian Open that she would not shake hands with any Russian or Belarusian opponent with war raging in her country.

She refused to shake hands with Victoria Azarenka of Belarus at the US Open in September last year. Belarus is being used as a key staging ground for Russia’s war in Ukraine.

Kostyuk dedicated her maiden WTA singles title to her native country during the trophy presentation.

“Being in the position that I am in right now, it’s extremely special to win this title,” Kostyuk said.

“And I want to dedicate this title to Ukraine and to all the people that are fighting and dying right now.”

Kostyuk did not acknowledge the beaten finalist in her acceptance speech.

The tournament win, the first for a Ukrainian woman since Elina Svitolina in 2021, elevated Kostyuk to No. 40 in the WTA rankings.

Among the grand slams, only Wimbledon has banned Russian and Belarusian players from competing, leading to a $1 million fine by the men’s tour.

Russian and Belarusian players were allowed to play at the Australian Open this year without their flag or country displayed.CNN —

Novak Djokovic has achieved another milestone in his illustrious tennis career, surpassing Steffi Graf to spend the most weeks at No. 1 in the world.

On Monday, Djokovic started his 378th week as the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) world No. 1, spending the most weeks in that spot since the ATP ranking system began in 1973.

A week ago, Djokovic matched the Women’s Tennis Association (WTA) leader, Graf, who held the top spot for 377 weeks in her career.

“With your love and great strength that you have given me over the years, I’ve managed to achieve many fantastic achievements throughout my career,” Djokovic said in a video message to fans, shared by the ATP.

“The most recent one breaking the record of 378 weeks on No. 1 rankings, surpassing one of the greatest, most legendary tennis players – both men and women – that ever played, Steffi Graf. So I’m flattered, obviously extremely, extremely proud and happy for this achievement.”

Djokovic jumped back up to No. 1 when he won the Australian Open last month. It was his 22nd major title, tying him with Rafael Nadal for the most grand slam singles titles in men’s tennis.

The 35-year-old will return to the court this week as the top seed in the Dubai Tennis Championships, his first tournament since the Australian Open.

The Serb has been out of action with a hamstring injury but told reporters he has been “pain free” for a week heading into his first match against the Czech Republic’s Tomás Machác on Tuesday.

It’s yet to be seen where and when Djokovic will play after Dubai, with his participation at next month’s Indian Wells and Miami Open tournaments in doubt.

The United States still requires international visitors to be vaccinated against Covid-19, and Djokovic, who has previously confirmed that he remains unvaccinated, has now applied for special permission to enter the country ahead of both tournaments, which start on March 6 and March 20 respectively.

“All I can do is hope at the moment because, you know, my position stays the same. There’s not much else I can do except wish for a positive result,” Djokovic previously told reporters.CNN —

Given the multi-billion dollar nature of the business, you might think that no expense would be spared in ensuring NFL players’ every need is taken care of. If so, think again.

In a survey published by the NFL Players’ Association (NFLPA) on Wednesday, 1,300 players provided feedback on the league’s 32 teams, which were then ranked in a variety of categories.

Look away now if you’re a fan of the Los Angeles Chargers, the Arizona Cardinals or the Washington Commanders.

NFL players rated teams in the NFLPA’s “Club Report Cards” survey based on their treatment of families, nutrition, weight room, strength and conditioning staff, training room, training staff and locker room. They also provided feedback specific to each team.

The Minnesota Vikings were ranked as the best overall: the NFLPA report pointing to the franchise’s newly built, state-of-the-art facility, calling the team a “shining example of what is possible when a concerted investment is made in both staffing and facilities.”

The Miami Dolphins came second, with the only critique being that players would “like a better post-game family area with more accessibility for players’ families.” The Las Vegas Raiders finished third.

At the other end of the scale, the Chargers, Cardinals and Commanders comprised the bottom three.

The Commanders finished last, with the franchise handed an F-minus for their training room, locker room and team travel, while also getting an F for treatment of families.

Complaints from players included an understaffed training room, undersized hot and cold tubs for player recovery, not enough personal space in the locker room and lack of warm water and issues with poor drainage in the showers.

The Chargers and Cardinals didn’t immediately respond to CNN’s request for comment.

In a statement sent to CNN, the Commanders said: “Player health and safety is our top priority, and we continue to invest in our facilities, including a new practice field, new turf in the practice bubble and increased meeting room space. We know there is more to do, and we regularly talk with our players about ways to improve their work environment and the experience for their families.”

The Washington Commanders celebrate after Milo Eifler completes a play during the first half of the game against the Dallas Cowboys at FedExField on January 8, 2023. Jess Rapfogel/Getty Images

Over one-fifth of players surveyed – 22% – also felt they didn’t have enough space on team flights, with the Commanders one of seven teams in the NFL that apparently don’t offer their players first-class seats.

The Cardinals ranked last in terms of food, with players complaining that they were charged for food at the facility, reportedly the only team to do so.

The team was also criticized heavily for the low standard of its facilities, with some complaining the weight room feels like a “safety hazard.”

Players labeled the Chargers’ hot and cold tubs “gross.”

Meanwhile, the Jacksonville Jaguars appear to have a bit of a rodent problem.

“When asked what the number one thing they want changed at their facility, the answer was unanimous – get rid of the rats! Players reported that for 3-4 weeks this season, there was a rat infestation in the locker room and laundry hampers,” the report said.

The Jaguars didn’t immediately respond to CNN’s request for comment.

The Cincinnati Bengals are one of three teams that do not provide dinner to their players and are the only team that doesn’t provide supplements. They are also the only team that does not have outlets in their lockers to charge devices.

The rankings aren’t necessarily an indication of success on the field though, with the Super Bowl champion Kansas City Chiefs coming in at 29th.

The objective of the “Club Report Cards” was to help provide “players with information about each club to not only help them make important career decisions, but also try and raise standards across each club,” according to NFLPA president JC Tretter.

“One of our core jobs as a union is to improve the overall working conditions for our players,” added Tretter.

“Often, you see our advocacy on ‘big’ issues – like our push for better field surfaces at stadiums or standardized safety protocols that limit the risk of workplace injuries – but it also includes the daily experience of players at the team facilities away from the lights and cameras,” he said.CNN —

Damian Lillard set an NBA record in his monster scoring night on Sunday, racking up 71 points in 39 minutes, including 13 three-pointers, as the Portland Trail Blazers beat the Houston Rockets 121-114.

With his effort, Lillard became the first player in NBA history to score more than 70 points in under 40 minutes and just the eighth player to hit the 70-point mark.

He is also the only player on that elite list to score 70 over the age of 30, and the first to do so with 10 or more three-pointers.

“I enjoy those moments in the game when I’m just going after people,” the NBA All-Star said after the game. “That’s all it was tonight. I wanted to be in attack mode. I got it going and stayed aggressive.”

Lillard came into the game averaging 37.6 points in his previous 18 games and continued that stellar run with a league-wide, season-high mark, equaling Donovan Mitchell’s 71 points against the Chicago Bulls in January.

Lillard started the scoring early, with 41 points, including eight three-pointers at halftime. Whether driving into the paint or dropping shots from distance, the Blazers guard was unplayable.

He made all 14 of his free throw attempts and had a magnetic relationship with the basket when shooting – even sinking a ludicrous, 36-foot jumper in the second quarter.

He ended the game shooting 22-of-38 from the field, making 13 three-pointers from 22 attempts – just one off Klay Thompson’s record 14 3-pointers set in 2018.

Lillard’s teammates continued looking for him in the closing minutes to try and get ahead of Mitchell’s total, but after missing a couple of shots, he came off the court exhausted with 44 seconds left the clock.

“It really, really was a masterful performance,” Portland coach Chauncey Billups said of his star’s game. “It was a piece of art. That was incredible.”

Any postgame celebrations for Lillard were cut short after he was picked for a drug test. Steve Dykes/AP

With that performance, Lillard entered a pantheon of NBA greats. His 71-point haul is tied for the eighth-most points scored in a game in NBA history, though still some way off Wilt Chamberlain’s record of 100 points set in 1962.

Lillard is behind only Chamberlain and Kobe Bryant for career 60-point games and he joins the two NBA legends as the only players to have separate games hitting 50, 60 and 70 points in a season according to CBS Sports.

“I think any hooper enjoys those moments when you’re hot, you’re in attack mode, you’re feeling good,” he said.

Not only was it a brilliant individual showing from Lillard, but it was also a much needed one.

The Blazers snapped a two-game losing skid with the win and keep their slim hopes of a playoff spot alive. Portland now sits in 11th place in the Western Conference with a 29-31 record but is only three games off the Phoenix Suns in fourth.

The Trail Blazers stay on the west coast for their next game as they travel to the Bay Area to play the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday night.CNN —

Byron Jones, who was selected in the first round of the 2015 NFL Draft by the Dallas Cowboys, tweeted Saturday that injuries sustained playing football have left him unable to run or jump, and he advised other players to be wary of the pills and injections doled out by team doctors.

“Much has changed in 8 years. Today I can’t run or jump because of my injuries sustained playing this game,” Jones tweeted.

“DO NOT take the pills they give you. DO NOT take the injections they give you. If you absolutely must, consult an outside doctor to learn the long-term implications.”

Representatives for the cornerback have not responded to CNN’s request for more clarity on his statements.

The 30-year-old former Pro Bowler has played for the Cowboys and Miami Dolphins in his 8-year NFL career. Jones spent the 2022 season on the physically unable to perform list as a member of the Dolphins.

CNN has reached out to the Cowboys and Dolphins as well as the NFL for response to Jones’ statement.

Jones catches the ball during joint practice between the Dolphins and the Atlanta Falcons at Baptist Health Training Complex on August 19, 2021. Michael Reaves/Getty Images

“It was an honor and privilege to play in the NFL but it came at a regrettable cost I did not foresee,” Jones tweeted after his initial post. “In my opinion, no amount of professional success or financial gain is worth avoidable chronic pain and disabilities.

“Godspeed to the draft class of 2023.”

It’s unclear whether Jones, who is still on the Dolphins’ roster, intends to retire from the NFL.CNN —

Chicago White Sox Minor League baseball player Anderson Comas announced he is “proudly and happily part of the LGTBQ+ community,” in an Instagram post on Sunday.

“I’m also a human with a great soul, I’m respectful, I’m a lover, I love my family and friends and that’s what really matters, I enjoy my work a lot, being a professional baseball player is the best thing that happened to me so I just wanna say something to those people that says that gay people can not be someone in this life, well look at me I’m Gay and I’m a professional athlete so that didn’t stopped (sic) me to make my dreams come true,” Comas said.

Comas, 23, is a converted outfielder who now pitches. He spent last season in the White Sox single A team, the Kannapolis Cannon Ballers in North Carolina.

He warned that his Instagram post was not for everyone.

“If you’re homophobic this post may not (be) for you….so you can see we all matters and we all are the same…

“I’m doing this cause I wanna be an inspiration for those like me out there fitting for their dreams, please don’t listen to those stupid things that people say about us, fight for your dreams, believe in yourself and go for it,” he added.

Chris Getz, White Sox assistant general manager/player development, said the team was “proud” of Anderson and confirmed he “first shared his news with us last year,” in a Chicago White Sox tweet on Sunday.

“And I was very pleased that he was comfortable sharing with us in player development. I also was happy at the reaction across the organization, which as you would expect was to support, help and congratulate a teammate. With his social media post today, we are so proud of Anderson and that he is comfortable sharing such an important personal part of his life so openly,” Getz added.

Comas joins pitcher Solomon Bates, who came out as gay after being released in 2022 when he was a minor leaguer in the Giants organization, and former Brewers farmhand David Denson, who became the first openly gay active player in affiliated baseball in 2015.Lionel Messi holds up the World Cup trophy after Argentina defeated France in the tournament final on Sunday, December 18.

Produced by CNN Digital's Photo Team

What a match.

After a dramatic penalty shootout, Argentina defeated France on Sunday to win its first World Cup since 1986.

It was a final for the ages, with momentum swinging both ways throughout a pulsating 120 minutes that ended 3-3. Gonzalo Montiel scored the penalty that clinched the title.

It is the crowning achievement for Argentina legend Lionel Messi, who said this would be the last World Cup game of his remarkable career. Messi, who is widely considered to be one of the sport's all-time greatest players, scored two goals in the final and was awarded the Golden Ball.

France star Kylian Mbappé had a hat trick for France, pulling his team back from a 2-0 halftime deficit and a 3-2 deficit in extra time.

The final was held at the Lusail Stadium in Qatar. This was the first time in history that a World Cup was held in the Middle East, and it was the first time it had taken place in an Islamic country.

This year's tournament was also mired in controversy, with much of the buildup focusing on human rights, from the death of migrant workers and the conditions many have endured in Qatar, to LGBTQ and women's rights in the country.

The World Cup has always been held in either May, June or July, but this one was moved to November and December because of the hot climate in Qatar.The Cleveland Browns run the ball across midfield against the New York Jets during the first quarter at FirstEnergy Stadium. The Browns ended up losing 31-30 after being up by 13 points with 1:55 remaining in the game. Jets QB Joe Flacco threw for 307 yards and four TDs — including two in the final two minutes of the game — to carry the Jets. Sunday's game saw the return of "Brownie the Elf" to the Browns' home field. The logo was initially used by the Browns in their inaugural season in 1946 but fell out of favor in the 60s, returning when the franchise was brought back to Cleveland in 1999. Scott Galvin/USA Today SportsCNN —

Kamal was standing outside a shop with other migrant workers, having finished yet another grueling working day, when he and – he says – a few others were arrested this August. Without explanation, the 24-year-old says he was put into a vehicle and, for the next week, kept in a Qatari jail, the location and name of which he does not know.

“When they arrested me, I couldn’t say anything, not a single word, as I was so scared,” he told CNN Sport, speaking at home in southern Nepal where he has been working on a farm since being deported three months ago.

Kamal – CNN has changed the names of the Nepali workers to protect them from retaliation – is one of many migrant workers wanting to tell the world of their experiences in Qatar, a country that will this month host one of sport’s greatest, most lucrative, spectacles – the World Cup, a tournament which usually unites the world as millions watch the spectacular goals and carefully-choreographed celebrations.

It will be a historic event, the first World Cup to be held in the Middle East, but one also mired in controversy. Much of the build-up to this tournament has been on more sober matters, that of human rights, from the deaths of migrant workers and the conditions many have endured in Qatar, to LGBTQ and women’s rights.

Kamal says he has yet to be paid the 7,000 Qatari Riyal bonus (around $1,922) he says he is entitled to from his previous employers, nor 7,000 Riyal in insurance for injuring two fingers at work.

“I wasn’t told why I was being arrested. People are just standing there … some are walking with their grocery [sic], some are just sitting there consuming tobacco products … they just arrest you,” he adds, before explaining he could not ask questions as he does not speak Arabic.

A worker is seen inside the Lusail Stadium during a stadium tour on December 20, 2019, in Doha, Qatar. Francois Nel/Getty Images

Describing the conditions in the cell he shared with 24 other Nepali migrant workers, he says he was provided with a blanket and a pillow, but the mattress on the floor he had to sleep on was riddled with bed bugs.

“Inside the jail, there were people from Sri Lanka, Kerala (India), Pakistan, Sudan, Nepal, African, Philippines. There were around 14-15 units. In one jail, there were around 250-300 people. Around 24-25 people per room,” he says.

“When they take you to the jail, they don’t give you a room right away. They keep you in a veranda. After a day or two, once a room is empty, they keep people from one country in one room.”

Using a smuggled phone, he spoke to friends, one of whom, he says, brought his belongings – including his passport – to the jail, though he says he was sent home after the Nepali embassy had sent a paper copy of his passport to the jail. CNN has reached out to the embassy but has yet to receive a response.

“When they put me on the flight, I started thinking: ‘Why are they sending workers back all of a sudden? It’s not one, two, 10 people … they are sending 150, 200, 300 workers on one flight,’” he says.

“Some workers who were just roaming outside wearing (work) dress were sent back. They don’t even allow you to collect your clothes. They just send you back in the cloth you are wearing.”

Kamal believes he was arrested because he had a second job, which is illegal under Qatar’s 2004 Labour Law and allows authorities to cancel a worker’s work permit. He says he worked an extra two to four hours a day to supplement his income as he was not making enough money working six eight-hour days a week.

Qatar has a 90-day grace period in which a worker can remain in the country legally without another sponsor, but if they have not had their permit renewed or reactivated in that time they risk being arrested or deported for being undocumented.

He says he received paperwork upon his arrest, which Amnesty International says would likely have explained why he was being detained, but as it was in Arabic he did not know what it said and no translator was provided.

Laborers rest in green space along the corniche in Doha, Qatar, on June 23. Christopher Pike/Bloomberg/Getty Images/FILE

A Qatari government official told CNN in a statement: “Any claims that workers are being jailed or deported without explanation are untrue. Action is only taken in very specific cases, such as if an individual participates in violence.”

The official added that 97% of all eligible workers were covered by Qatar’s Wage Protection System, established in 2018, “which ensures wages are paid in full and on time.” Further work was being done to strengthen the system, the official said.

Some workers never returned home

With the opening match just days away, on-the-pitch matters are a mere footnote because this tournament has come at a cost to workers who left their families in the belief that they would reap financial rewards in one of the world’s richest countries per capita. Some would never return home. None of the three Nepali workers CNN spoke to were richer for their experience. Indeed, they are in debt and full of melancholy.

The Guardian reported last year that 6,500 South Asian migrant workers have died in Qatar since the country was awarded the World Cup in 2010, most of whom were involved in low-wage, dangerous labor, often undertaken in extreme heat.

The report did not connect all 6,500 deaths with World Cup infrastructure projects and has not been independently verified by CNN.

Hassan Al Thawadi – the man in charge of leading Qatar’s preparations – told CNN’s Becky Anderson that the Guardian’s 6,500 figure was a “sensational headline” that was misleading and that the report lacked context.

A government official told CNN there had been three work-related deaths on stadiums and 37 non-work-related deaths. In a statement, the official said the Guardian’s figures were “inaccurate” and “wildly misleading.”

“The 6,500 figure takes the number of all foreign worker deaths in the country over a 10-year period and attributes it to the World Cup,” the official said. “This is not true and neglects all other causes of death including illness, old age and traffic accidents. It also fails to recognize that only 20% of foreign workers in Qatar are employed on construction sites.”

It has been widely reported that Qatar has spent $220 billion leading up to the tournament, which would make it the most expensive World Cup in history, though this likely includes infrastructure not directly associated with stadium construction. A spokesperson for the Supreme Committee for Delivery & Legacy (SC) which, since its formation in 2011, has been responsible for overseeing the infrastructure projects and planning for the World Cup, told CNN that the tournament budget was $6.5 billion, without expanding on what that cost covered.

Eight new stadiums rose from the desert, and the Gulf state expanded its airport, constructed new hotels, rail and highways. All would have been constructed by migrant workers, who – according to Amnesty International – account for 90% of the workforce in a near-three million population.

An aerial view of Al Janoub stadium at sunrise on June 21 in Al Wakrah, Qatar. David Ramos/Getty Images

Since 2010, migrant workers have faced delayed or unpaid wages, forced labor, long hours in hot weather, employer intimidation and an inability to leave their jobs because of the country’s sponsorship system, human rights organizations have found.

However, the health, safety and dignity of “all workers employed on our projects has remained steadfast,” a statement from the SC read.

“Our efforts have resulted in significant improvements in accommodation standards, health and safety regulations, grievance mechanisms, healthcare provision and reimbursements of illegal recruitment fees to workers.

“While the journey is on-going, we are committed to delivering the legacy we promised. A legacy that improves lives and lays the foundation for fair, sustainable and lasting labour reforms.”

Last year, in an interview with CNN Sport anchor Amanda Davies, FIFA President Gianni Infantino said that while “more needs to be done,” progress had been made.

“I’ve seen the great evolution that has happened in Qatar, which was recognized – I mean not by FIFA – but by labor unions around the world, by international organizations,” said Infantino.

‘It was difficult to breathe’

We are, unusually, writing about a World Cup in November because the competition had to be moved from its usual June-July slot to Qatar’s winter as the heat is so extreme in the country’s summer months – temperatures can reach around 43 degrees Celsius (109 degrees Fahrenheit) in June – that playing in such conditions could have posed a health risk to players.

Hari is 27 years old and, like many of his compatriots, left Nepal for Qatar as his family – he was one of five siblings with just his father at home – desperately needed money, primarily to eat. Since 2013, Nepal’s government-mandated minimum wage has been set at $74 a month, according to minimum-wage.org. He says that his monthly wage in Qatar was 700 Rial a month ($192).

After moving to Qatar in 2014, he worked in four places during his four-year stay: at a supermarket, a hotel and airport, but the most difficult job, he says, was in construction when he had to carry tiles up buildings “six to seven stories above” in overbearing heat, plus lay pipelines in deep pits.

“It was too hot,” he tells CNN. “The foreman was very demanding and used to complain a lot. The foreman used to threaten to reduce our salaries and overtime pay.

“I had to carry tiles on my shoulder to the top. It was very difficult going up through the scaffolding. In the pipeline work, there were 5-7 meters deep pits, we had to lay the stones and concrete, it was difficult due to the heat. It was difficult to breathe. We had to come upstairs using a ladder to drink water.

“It never happened to me, but I saw some workers fainting at work. I saw one Bengali, one Nepali … two to three people faint while working. They took the Bengali to medical services. I’m not sure what happened to him.”

During his time in Qatar, government regulations generally prohibited workers from working outdoors between 11:30 a.m. and 3 p.m. from June 15 to August 31. He said one company he worked for followed these rules.

He added: “At some places, they didn’t have water. Some places, they didn’t provide us water on time. At some places, we used to go to houses nearby asking for water.”

In this photo taken in May 2015 during a government organized media tour, workers use heavy machinery at the Al-Wakra Stadium being built for the 2022 World Cup. Maya Alleruzzo/AP/FILE

Working long hours in extreme heat has, some non-governmental organizations believe, caused a number of deaths and put lives at risk in Qatar.

In 2019, research published in the Cardiology Journal, exploring the relationship between the deaths of more than 1,300 Nepali workers between 2009 and 2017 and heat exposure, found a “strong correlation” between heat stress and young workers dying of cardiovascular problems in the summer months.

The government official told CNN that there had been a “consistent decline” in the mortality rate of migrant workers, including a decline in heat stress disorders, “thanks in large part to our comprehensive heat stress legislation.”

“Qatar has always acknowledged that work remains to be done, notably to hold unscrupulous employers to account,” the government official added. “Systemic reform does not happen overnight and shifting the behavior of every company takes time as is the case with any country around the world.”

‘Heat does not typically injure on its own’

Natasha Iskander, Professor of Urban Planning and Public Service at New York University, tells CNN that heat can kill “in ways that are confusing and unclear.”

“Fatal heat stroke can look like a heart attack or a seizure. Sometimes, heat kills through the body, amplifying manageable and often silent conditions, like diabetes and hypertension, and turning them into sudden killers,” she explains.

“As a result, Qatar, in the death certificates that it has issued after migrant construction workers have collapsed, has been able to push back against the correlation between heat stress and deaths and claim instead that the deaths are due to natural causes, even though the more proximate cause is work in the heat.”

Determining the number of workers injured by heat is even harder, she says, because many injuries may not become apparent until years later, when migrants have returned home and young men “find that their kidneys no longer function, that they suffer from chronic kidney disease, or that their hearts have begun to fail, displaying levels of cardiac weakness that are debilitating.”

“Heat does not typically injure on its own,” she adds. “Workers are exposed to heat and heat dangers through the labor relations on Qatari worksites. The long hours, physically intense work, the forced overtime, the abusive conditions, the bullying on site all shape how exposed workers are to heat. Additionally, conditions beyond the worksite also augmented heat’s power to harm – things like poor sleep, insufficient nutrition or a room that was not cool enough to allow the body to reset after a day in the heat. In Qatar, the employer housed workers in labor camps, and workers as a matter of policy were segregated to industrial areas, where living accommodations were terrible.”

Foreign laborers working on the construction site of the Al-Wakrah football stadium, one of Qatar's 2022 World Cup stadiums, walk back to their accomodation at the Ezdan 40 compound after finishing work on May 4, 2015, in Doha's Al-Wakrah southern suburbs. Marwan Naamani/AFP/Getty Images/FILE

According to Amnesty International, Qatari authorities have not investigated “thousands” of deaths of migrant workers over the past decade “despite evidence of links between premature deaths and unsafe working conditions.” That these deaths are not being recorded as work-related prevents families from receiving compensation, the advocacy group states.

In its statement, the SC said that its commitment to publicly disclose non-work-related deaths went beyond the requirements of the UK’s Health and Safety Executive Reporting of Injuries, Diseases and Dangerous Occurrences regulations (RIDDOR), which defines and provides classification for how to document work-related and non-work-related incidents.

The statement added: “The SC investigates all non-work-related deaths and work-related fatalities in line with our Incident Investigation Procedure to identify contributory factors and establish how they could have been prevented. This process involves evidence collection and analysis and witness interviews to establish the facts of the incident.”

Amnesty International’s Ella Knight told CNN Sport that her organization would continue to push Qatar to “thoroughly investigate” deaths of migrant workers, including past deaths, to “ensure the families of the deceased have the opportunity to rebuild their lives.”

Barun Ghimire is a human rights lawyer based in Kathmandu whose work focuses on the exploitation of Nepali migrants working abroad. He tells CNN that the families he advocates for have not received satisfactory information on their loved ones’ deaths. “Families send out healthy, young family member to work and they receive news that the family member died when they were sleeping,” he says. In a separate interview, he told CNN last year: “The Qatar World Cup is really the bloody cup – the blood of migrant workers.”

Last year, Qatari legislation was strengthened regarding outdoor working conditions, expanding summertime working hours during which outdoor work is prohibited – replacing legislation introduced in 2007 – and additionally putting into law that “all work must stop if the wet-bulb globe temperature (WBGT) raises beyond 32.1C (89.8F) in a particular workplace.” The regulations also mandate annual health checks for workers, as well as mandatory risk assessments.

“We recognize that heat stress is a particular issue in the summer months in Qatar,” a Qatari government official said. “In May 2021, Qatar introduced a requirement for companies to conduct annual health checks for workers, as well as mandatory risk assessments to mitigate the dangers of heat stress. Companies are expected to adopt flexible, self-monitored working hours where possible, adjust shift rotations, enforce regular breaks, provide free cold drinking water and shaded workspaces, and adhere to all other guidelines with respect to heat stress outlined by the Ministry of Labour.

“Every summer, Qatar’s labor inspectors carry out thousands of unannounced visits to work sites across the country to ensure that heat stress rules are being followed,” the official added. “Between June and September 2022, 382 work sites were ordered to close for violating the rules.”

Workers walk to the Lusail Stadium -- one of the 2022 Qatar World Cup stadiums -- in Lusail on December 20, 2019. Hassan Ammar/AP

Iskander said a heat point of 32.1C WBGT was “already dangerous.”

“Working at the physical intensity that construction workers do in Qatar for any amount of time at that temperature is damaging to the body,” she explained.

“The regulation relied on the assumption that workers would be able to self-pace and rest as needed whenever they experienced heat stress. Anyone who has ever spent any amount of time on a Qatari construction site knows that workers have no ability to self-pace.”

Knight adds: “The fact investigations into migrant workers deaths are often not happening precludes the possibility of greater protections being implemented because if you don’t know what is really happening to these people how can you then implement and enforce effective measures to increase their protection?”

For the majority of his time in Qatar, Hari said he felt sad. He would watch planes take off during his six months tending the airport gardens and question why he was in the country. But he had paid 90,000 Nepali rupees ($685) to a Nepali recruitment company that facilitated his move. He was also told, he says, by the company he had joined that he would have had to pay 2,000 to 3,000 Riyal ($549-$823) to buy himself out of his contract.

His friends, he said, counseled him as he continued to work long, lonely days for, Hari says, not enough money to live and save for his family. Amnesty International says many migrants pay high fees to “unscrupulous recruitment agents in their home country” which make the workers scared to leave their jobs when they get to Qatar.

Now, he is a father-of-two, and work is plowing fields in Nepal as a tractor driver, but Hari hopes one day to work abroad again, his heart set on Malaysia. “I don’t want my children to go through what I did. I want to build a house, buy some land. That’s what I am thinking. But let’s see what God has planned,” he says.

‘Our dreams never came true’

Sunit has been back in Nepal since August after working just eight months in Qatar. He had expected to be there for two years, but the collapse of the construction company he worked for meant he and many others returned with money still owed to them, he says. He struggles to find work in Nepal, meaning feeding his two children and paying school fees is difficult.

He had dreamed of watching World Cup matches from the rooftop of the hotel he had helped build. One of the stadiums – the name of which he does not know – was a 10-minute walk from the hotel. “We used to talk about it,” he says of the World Cup. “But we had to return, and our dreams never came true. The stadium activities were visible from the hotel. We could see the stadium from the hotel rooftop.”

In helping construct the city center hotel, the name of which he doesn’t remember, he would carry bags of plaster mix and cement, weighing from 30 to 50 kilos, on his shoulders up to 10 to 12 floors, he says.

“The lift was rarely functional. Some people couldn’t carry it and dropped it halfway. If you don’t finish your job, you were threatened saying the salary would be deducted for that day,” he says. “The foreman used to complain that we were taking water breaks as soon as we got to work. They used to threaten us saying: ‘We will not pay you for the day.’ We said: ‘Go ahead. We are humans, we need to drink water.’

“It was very hot. It used to take 1.5 to two hours to get to the top. I used to get tired. I used to stop on the way. Then proceed again slowly. Yes, the supervisors used to yell at us. But what could we do?”

He says he had paid an agent in Nepal 240,000 Nepali rupees (around $1,840) before leaving for Qatar. He says he has filed a case with the police about the agent as he had been unable to fulfill his two-year contract, but there have been no developments. He says the owners of the company he worked for in Qatar were arrested because they did not pay laborers. The company did not immediately respond to CNN’s request for comment, neither did it respond to questions from the Business & Human Rights Centre, an advocacy group, about protests over unpaid wages.

Qatar has expanded its airport, constructed new hotels, and rail and highways over the last decade. Britta Pedersen/picture alliance/Getty Images

For a month, he says, he was in his accommodation with no work or money to buy food – he borrowed to eat – so he and his fellow workers called the police, who brought food with them.

“The police came again after 10-15 days and said we have arrested the company people. (The police) distributed food again,” he says. “They told us the company has collapsed and the government will send all the workers back home.”

“I’m extremely sad,” he adds. “I mean, it is what it is. Nothing would change by regretting it. I get mad (at the company) but what can I do? Even if I had tried to fight back, it would have been my loss.”

The SC said it has established what it claims is a “first-of-its-kind” Workers’ Welfare Forum, which it said allowed workers to elect a representative on their behalf and, when companies failed to comply with the WWF, it steps in, demands better and alerts the authorities.

Since 2016, the SC said 69 contractors had been demobilized, 235 contractors placed on a watch list and a further seven blacklisted. “We understand there is always room for improvement,” the statement added.

‘Expertise and heroism’

Qatar, a peninsula smaller than Connecticut and the smallest World Cup host in history, is set to host an estimated 1.5 million fans over the month-long tournament, which begins on November 20. There are already reports of accommodation concerns for such a vast number of visitors.

The spotlight is no doubt on this Gulf state, as has progressively been the case since it was controversially awarded the tournament over a decade ago – though Qatari officials have previously “strongly denied” to CNN the allegations of bribery which has surrounded its bid.

Such attention has brought about reforms, significantly dismantling the Kafala system which gives companies and private citizens control over migrant workers’ employment and immigration status.

In Qatar, migrant workers can now change jobs freely without permission from their employer. But Knight adds: “Another aspect of the Kafala system, the criminal charge of absconding still exists, and this, along with other tools that are still available to employers, means that, fundamentally, the power balance between workers and employers, the imbalance remains great.”

Knight says unpaid wages is still an issue as the wage protection system “lacks enforcement mechanisms,” while she also says employers can cancel a worker’s ID at a “push of a button,” meaning they risk arrest and deportation. Additionally, labor committees intended to help workers are under-resourced and “lack the capacity to deal with the number of cases that are coming to them.”

Migrant laborers work at a construction site at the Aspire Zone in Doha on March 26, 2016. Naseem Zeitoon/Reuters/FILE

Ghimire agrees that there have been a few positive changes to employment laws but adds that it is “more show and tell.”

“Many workers who work in construction are untouched, so there’s still exploitation going on,” he tells CNN.

Qatar’s government official told CNN work remained to be done but that “systemic reform does not happen overnight, and shifting the behavior of every company takes time as is the case with any country around the world.

“Over the last decade, Qatar has done more than any other country in the region to strengthen the rights of foreign workers, and we will continue to work in close consultation with international partners to strengthen reforms and enforcement.”

Human Rights Watch’s #PayUpFIFA campaign wants Qatar and FIFA to pay at least $440 million – an amount equal to the prize money being awarded at the World Cup – to the families of migrant workers who have been harmed or killed in preparation for the tournament.

Families of workers who have died face uncertain futures, HRW says, especially children. Those who survived and returned home, cheated of wages or injured, remain trapped in debt, it says, “with dire consequences for their families.”

Ghimire says compensation is key, but so too is making the world aware of what has taken place to make this tournament happen.

“People are concerned about clothing brands, and the meat they eat, but what about mega events? Isn’t it time we ask how this was possible?” he asks.

“Everyone who will watch should know at what cost this was even possible and how workers were treated. Players should know, sponsors should know.

“Would it be the same situation if it was European workers dying in Qatar? If it was Argentinean workers, would Argentina be concerned about playing?

“Because it’s migrant workers from poor south Asian countries, they’re invisible people. Forced labor, death of workers, while making a World Cup is unacceptable. As a football fan, it makes me sad; as a lawyer, it makes me really disappointed.”

Earlier this month, Qatar’s Labor Minister Ali bin Samikh Al Marri rejected the prospect of a remedy fund.

A Qatar government official said the country’s Workers’ Support and Insurance Fund was “effective in providing compensation for workers and their families” with the fund reimbursing workers with more than $350 million so far this year.

In terms of the SC’s efforts to ensure repayment of recruitment fees, as of December 2021, workers have received $22.6 million, with an additional $5.7 million committed by contractors, according to FIFA.

Last month, FIFA’s Deputy Secretary General Alasdair Bell said “compensation is certainly something that we’re interested in progressing.”

A general view shows the exterior of the Al-Thumama Stadium in Doha -- one of eight stadiums that will host World Cup matches KARIM JAAFAR/AFP/AFP via Getty Images

It has been widely reported that FIFA has urged nations participating in the World Cup to focus on football when the tournament kicks off.

FIFA confirmed to CNN that a letter signed by FIFA President Gianni Infantino and the governing body’s secretary general Fatma Samoura was sent out on November 3 to the 32 nations participating in the global showpiece but would not divulge the contents. However, a number of European federations have issued a joint statement saying they would campaign at the tournament on human rights and for a migrant workers center and a compensation fund for migrant workers.

The motto for Qatar’s bid team in 2010 was ‘Expect Amazing.’ In many ways, this year’s World Cup has replicated that maxim.

As NYU’s Iskander says: “One of the things that is not really covered in the coverage of the World Cup and the coverage of this enormous construction boom is the expertise and heroism of the workers who built it.

“They built buildings that were unimaginable to everyone, including the engineers and designers, until they were built. They performed acts of bravery that are unsung. They operated at levels of technical complexity and sophistication that are unparalleled. And yet their contribution to building the World Cup is really rarely featured, downplayed.

“They are represented, generally speaking, as exploited and oppressed. And it’s true that they have been exploited and oppressed, but they are also the master craftsmen that built this Cup, and they are enormously proud of what they have built.”

Hosting this tournament has undoubtedly put Qatar under the global spotlight. The question is whether the world can enjoy watching what the migrant workers built, knowing the true cost of this billion-dollar extravaganza.CNN —

For Lisa Wright, an elite-level diving judge from New Zealand, it was supposed to be the highlight of her career – the chance to adjudicate at the sport’s premier event at the Olympics.

But the scenes that unfolded after the men’s 10-meter platform final in Tokyo last year “darkened” her Olympic experience for some time, Wright says.

They also led to an official complaint being lodged by Diving New Zealand and Wright against Zhou Jihong – a vice-president of water sports governing body FINA and one of the most influential figures in diving – on the grounds of harassment and abuse.

That was after Zhou, who has been dubbed the “Iron Lady” of Chinese diving, allegedly launched a verbal tirade at Wright at the 10m platform event’s conclusion for underscoring Chinese divers.

“She was on poolside screaming at me and yelling at me – it was definitely one of the most humiliating experiences of my life,” Wright tells CNN Sport.

Zhou was later ordered by a FINA Ethics Panel to write a letter of apology to Wright.

However, some members of the diving community view Zhou’s actions at the Olympics as a flashpoint amid a wider pattern of conduct they believe is harmful to the sport.

One of those who holds that belief is New Zealander Simon Latimer, a former diver and judge and now a member of FINA’s Diving Technical Committee (TDC).

Zhou attends a press conference ahead of the Diving World Series event in Beijing in 2019. Qing kong/Imaginechina/AP

Following the incident at the Olympics, Latimer sent a whistleblower complaint to FINA’s executive director Brent Nowicki in December detailing Zhou’s alleged “unethical behavior” which he says stretches back several years and “compromises the integrity of both diving and FINA.”

This contains allegations that Zhou has routinely coached Chinese divers during major events – including the Tokyo Olympics – and has manipulated judging panels in order to benefit Chinese athletes.

Zhou has not spoken publicly about these allegations. CNN has contacted the General Administration of Sport of China and the Chinese Swimming Association for a response from Zhou but has not received a response.

Latimer’s complaint also focused on the events after the men’s 10m platform final last year, an incident he says he witnessed and describes as a “personal outburst” from Zhou towards Wright.

“Part of making this complaint is to ensure that an incident like that … never happens again,” Latimer tells CNN Sport. “There’s a lot of things to consider around athlete welfare, but we also need to consider the welfare of officials.”

The final concluded with Chinese divers Cao Yuan and Yang Jian winning gold and silver medals respectively and Great Britain’s Tom Daley securing bronze.

Wright then approached Zhou to offer her congratulations on China’s success, but says she was met with a barrage of verbal abuse and the allegation that she hadn’t judged to an appropriate standard and had underscored Chinese athletes.

“I just said I’m sorry you feel that way and I left and ended up crying in the bathroom, which was definitely not how you want to end your premier event of the Olympics,” says Wright.

“It was pretty traumatic for me, to be honest, especially given the fact that everyone knows that she’s the vice president of FINA.”

Of some consolation for Wright was the support she received from other diving officials, who she says agreed with how she had scored athletes in the competition.

Moreover, the event’s independent assessor – responsible for monitoring the scores given by the judging panel – had agreed with her scoring on two occasions in which she gave a Chinese diver lower scores compared to her peers.

In a diving event, judges on the panel award each dive a score ranging from zero to 10. Every FINA event has an assessor who watches replays of the dives, checks for bias in the judging, and evaluates the scores the judges are awarding.

Diving judge Lisa Wright officiated at the Olympics for the first time last year. From Diving New Zealand/Facebook

‘What am I in this sport for?’

Wright says she had no interest in making a “personal complaint” or “retaliation” against Zhou, but was also aware of what might happen if no investigation was launched by diving’s authorities.

She believes Zhou would have the power and influence to exclude her from judging panels.

“In the end, I think my biggest question was: what am I in this sport for and what am I here for?” Wright says.

“I felt that it was important that we do the best thing for the sport of diving, that it remains fair, because that’s what I’m here for as a judge: that I rank those divers in the order that they should be ranked.”

In November, the FINA Ethics Panel ordered Zhou to formally apologize to Wright and Diving New Zealand for the incident.

Wright says she received the letter of apology, “appreciated” it, but “didn’t feel like it was something personal” given Zhou had been instructed to send it.

The panel also ruled that only members of the TDC should be allowed on pool deck during competitions and that Zhou’s Bureau Liaison position – traditionally tasked with taking the views of the TDC back to the FINA bureau – creates “confusion, conflict and discord” and “should be removed.”

China's Cao Yuan (left) and Yang Jian celebrate their medals in the men's 10m platform final at the Tokyo Olympics. Du Yang/China News Service/Getty Images

In his whistleblower complaint, which has been shared with CNN Sport, Latimer alleges that Zhou has provided coaching to Chinese athletes at international diving events – including the FINA World Championships and the Diving World Series, as well as the Olympics – despite her roles requiring neutrality.

“It’s absolutely unethical … if you are up coaching divers from your own nation, I don’t see how you could be viewed as a neutral party,” says Latimer.

“I also can’t think of any other sport where you would have a vice president on pool deck coaching and having such an open interest in the proceedings.”

Since the Olympics, video footage has emerged reportedly showing Zhou coaching Chinese divers at the Games, while another TDC member, Colleen Huffman, says she has witnessed Zhou coaching at other international events.

“A lot of times she’s very subtle about it, but obviously at the Olympics she wasn’t subtle at all,” Huffman tells CNN Sport.

“For her to have her position and be a coach is a huge conflict of interest. It’s one thing if she helps out at home with the national team, but it’s another thing if she’s actively coaching an athlete at a major FINA event when she’s the Bureau Liaison.”

In a statement sent to CNN Sport, TDC member Dominique Philippopoulos said she has twice requested to coach divers from her native South Africa at international events, but on both occasions had her requests denied by FINA officials on the grounds it was a conflict of interest.

That’s despite coming from a country where the sport of diving is small and the obstacles are many.

According to Philippopoulos, the South African diving federation has limited resources and struggles to finance overseas trips and to cover the cost of coaches.

‘Why do you not like China?’

A third allegation made by Latimer in his whistleblower complaint is that Zhou has deliberately manipulated judging panels in an apparent attempt to benefit Chinese divers.

“Two judges have confidentially advised me that they believe they are regularly disregarded to judge finals as punishment for not judging Chinese divers as favourably as Zhou Jihong would like,” he wrote.

“One judge informed me that Zhou Jihong approached them at a World Cup Event in 2018 and asked ‘why do you not like China?’”

Zhou (right) attends the opening ceremony of the 2019 Swimming World Cup in Jinan, China. Lintao Zhang/Getty Images

According to Latimer, Zhou has “substantial input” when it comes to deciding which judges are chosen to officiate at competitions.

He cites his own experience as a judge at the 2016 Rio Olympics, ahead of which he says he had been awarded the highest cumulative evaluation score from assessors among international judges through 2015-2016.

But he alleges in his whistleblower complaint that he “fell out of favor” as a judge during the Olympics and was only reinstated for the men’s platform final when members of the TDC Commission “convinced Zhou Jihong” to reappoint him.

“What concerns me and some others is that judges appointed to finals aren’t always the ones that appear to be assessed most highly,” says Latimer.

“There’s certainly a discrepancy in some judges with very high evaluations getting very few appointments.”

‘People are scared stiff’

Since making his whistleblower complaint, Latimer says he has received a response from FINA saying the governing body won’t look into the issues he raised as they were already considered during the previous complaint submitted by Wright and Diving New Zealand.

However, allegations about Zhou manipulating judging panels and coaching during events were not directly mentioned in the Ethics Panel’s response to that initial complaint.

These issues, Latimer says, are being “swept under the carpet” by FINA.

In a statement sent to CNN, FINA said: “The reports regarding Ms Jihong Zhou were fully investigated by an independent panel that heard from witnesses and reached a decision which is publicly available on the FINA website.

“The independent panel concluded that there was no evidence to suggest that competition results were impacted in any way and to our knowledge, no further formal allegations have been made beyond what has been previously decided by the independent panel.

“At all times, FINA’s primary concern is the welfare of the aquatics community and ensuring the integrity of our competitions.”

Latimer calls the incident between Zhou and Wright at the Olympics a “watershed moment” for him – the moment he decided to support the New Zealand federation’s complaint and then subsequently speak publicly about Zhou’s behavior and his concerns for the integrity of the sport.

“I’m well aware that through this whistleblower process, I could lose my position on the Technical Committee,” he says.

“We have elections in two months’ time in Budapest [at the World Championships, which start on June 17]. But for me, seeing this complaint through and getting some action is more important than maintaining my position on the committee, although I would obviously like to stay on the committee and be part of the process to ensure this sort of behavior doesn’t continue.”

Latimer was appointed to FINA's Diving Technical Committee in 2017. From FINA

Allegations against Zhou, Latimer says, have been slow to emerge due to her influential status within the sport.

The “Iron Lady” of Chinese diving, Zhou became the country’s first ever Olympic gold medalist in the sport in 1984.

She went on to spearhead China’s dominance in diving, coaching the national team from 1990 to 1997. Today, as well as being a FINA vice president, she is also the chair of the Chinese Swimming Association.

“People are scared stiff, they’re petrified of rocking the boat and losing their position,” Latimer says.

Huffman, meanwhile, says she fears for the future of the sport and the potential difficulty of attracting new judges given Zhou’s alleged behavior.

“People won’t want to judge. They just won’t,” she adds.

“We’re already struggling to get judges, particularly out of the South America region. All the judges from that area are aging out and the new people coming in, they hear bad things about her, how mean she is, how intimidating she is. Who wants to go experience that?”

As for Wright, she’s looking forward to her next judging commitments with optimism, undaunted by what happened at the Olympics. She is in line to officiate at the World Championships in June and the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham, England, in July.

Zhou will likely be at the World Championships, but that doesn’t cause her too much concern.

“What’s in the past is in the past,” says Wright. “I really do believe that I choose forgiveness, that I choose to just move on and continue doing what I love.”CNN —

Omie Dale has fond memories of splashing in the sea as a child, of racing through water parks and swimming in backwaters and rivers.

“There’s so much joy that can be had once you learn to swim, once you’ve abandoned those fears and you can get in the water,” the 25-year-old Dale, who is based in southeast London, tells CNN Sport.

Even though swimming is a joyful experience for Dale, the stark reality is that many Black communities in Britain and the US do not have safe access to swimming lessons and public pools due to historic racism and segregation – a problem that is especially alarming given that, as Dale says, it is “the only sport that can save your life.”

A history of exclusion

The lack of access afforded to Black communities in Britain is what motivated Dale to become a swimming teacher in September 2019.

“I used to work in Kensington (in London) as a lifeguard and some of the richest people live in that borough, but also some of the poorest,” she says. She saw there was a difference when private schools and independent schools would come in and all the kids were able to swim, yet hardly any children of the same age that Dale saw from state schools could swim 25 meters.

“There’s a real class barrier in the sport of swimming,” Dale adds.

Video Ad Feedback Meet the Black women pushing for equality in swimming 04:56 - Source: CNN

She is a director of Swimunity, a collective offering free swimming lessons to women and children in North Kensington, West London.

It was born in the wake of the Grenfell Tower disaster in 2017, when a residential block caught on fire, killing 72 people – and leaving many more without homes.

“There’s like a lot of people who come to swim lessons … who have undergone some form of trauma, whether that be water-related trauma or trauma related to their everyday lives,” Dale says.

“Many people say it’s like an escape from their daily lives or is, actually, the first time that they’ve taken time for themselves.”

While 77% of children from the most affluent families in England can swim 25 meters unaided, only 34% from the least affluent families can, according to a 2021 survey from Sport England, a non-departmental public body that fosters grassroots sports in England.

About 95% of Black adults and 80% of Black children in England do not regularly participate in swimming, according to Sport England’s report, published in January 2020.

Likewise, about 93% of Asian adults and 78% of Asian children, including those with Indian, Pakistani and Bangladeshi heritage, do not regularly participate in swimming, the same research found.

This trend extends to the US, where nearly 64% of Black children have “low” or no ability to swim, compared with 40% of their White peers, according to 2017 data from the country’s national governing body for the sport at a competitive level, USA Swimming.

The underrepresentation of Black people in the pool in the US can be traced back to the early 20th century.

Public swimming pools became popular in North America in the 1920s and 30s and were initially open to all. However, Northern politicians stipulated a “Whites Only” rule, referencing racist fears about Black men fraternizing with White women.

Omie Dale told CNN Sport that "there's a real class barrier in the sport of swimming." Dale founded Swimunity in 2020 to help address structural barriers and introduce the joy of swimming to as many people as possible. Louis Lesson/CNN

Even after legal racial segregation ended in the US in 1964, public pools continued to be hostile environments. As people of color began to use public pools, White swimmers retreated to the privacy of their own pools and private clubs, where expensive fees continue to be an economic barrier for Black families who cannot afford the cost.

Similar examples in Britain illustrate how racial and class inequalities lead to the systemic exclusion of Black people in pools. For example, more than 4.2 million people in the UK live in ethnically diverse communities where Covid-19 national lockdowns resulted in the closure or mothballing of pools, according to Swim England – England’s national swimming governing body – and the Black Swimming Association (BSA), a UK-based charity that aims to encourage more African, Caribbean and Asian communities to take up swimming.

‘We cannot keep recovering bodies’

Globally, drowning is the third leading cause of accidental injury-related death and at least 236,000 people die each year from drowning, according to 2019 data from the World Health Organization (WHO). Children are particularly affected, with drowning being one of the top five causes of death for those aged 1-14 years in 48 of 85 countries studied by the WHO.

And while natural disasters and irregular migration are notorious risk factors, so are lower socioeconomic status, lack of higher education and being a member of an ethnic minority, depending on the country, WHO research shows.

“Most drowning incidents happen when people never intend to get into the water in the first place,” says Dale, who was awarded Swim Teacher of the Year by Swim England in 2021.

In December 2019, three members of the same Black British family – a 53-year-old father and his two children – died in a swimming pool at a resort in Costa del Sol, Spain, Reuters reported. The father and his 16-year-old son had reportedly leapt into the water to try to save his nine-year-old daughter, who was drowning.

Danielle Obe is the co-founder and chair of the Black Swimming Association (BSA). Louis Leeson/CNN

Danielle Obe is the co-founder and chair of the BSA. She told CNN Sport that the Costa del Sol deaths prompted her to establish the BSA in March 2020, alongside Olympic swimmer Alice Dearing, journalist Seren Jones and songwriter, rapper and producer Ed Accura.

“This was devastating because these families were actually acquainted to me and they were from my local community,” Obe says. “(At) that point, I called Alice and Seren, and I said, ‘We’ve been talking about doing something for our community. We’ve got to do something. We’ve got to do it now. We cannot keep recovering bodies.’”

“We’ve got to do something. We’ve got to do it now. We cannot keep recovering bodies.” Danielle Obe, Black Swimming Association (BSA) chair and co-founder

“It’s no longer just about that lack of representation,” Obe adds.

“It’s now about saving lives, vital water safety, education for all. Swimming is an intervention. Swimming is a life skill.”

However, there is still a lack of data when it comes to drowning-related deaths by ethnicity in the UK, says Obe.

“At the moment, we don’t know how much of a disparity there is between drowning and fatalities, aquatic fatalities for different communities in the UK because, up until now, drowning data isn’t really captured by ethnicity, which is another point, another issue that the BSA is looking to tackle.”

‘People just don’t think Black people should swim’

Dearing, the first Black female swimmer to represent Britain at the Olympics when she competed at Tokyo 2020, “implores” people to learn to swim.

“I have been quite torn between the amazing achievement of being the first Black woman to represent GB in swimming but wanting to be my own person, my own athlete, who’s known for being an athlete and not for her race and her sport combined together,” she tells CNN Sport.

“I take the two of them just as they are – kind of like separate things. I’m trying to be the best athlete and best role model that I can be to show people that they can do the sport, that the sport is for everybody.”

At the age of 24, Dearing was making history in Japan and became a beacon of hope for young people – especially Black girls – who wanted to break into the sport.

But her personal triumph also drew attention to the institutional access gap for people of color in swimming.

Alice Dearing co-founded the BSA with Obe and several others to help encourage more minority communities to take up swimming. Louis Leeson/CNN

“Fortunately, for myself, I haven’t come across any barriers at the level I’m at currently,” Dearing says.

“But I have faced barriers when I was younger and issues where people just don’t think Black people should swim, or do swim, or think that we’re better suited to other sports and so shouldn’t even learn to swim or attempt swimming in the first place.”

CNN reached out to the International Swimming Federation (FINA), Sport England and USA Swimming requesting a breakdown of Black and ethnic minority participation in swimming at grassroots and professional levels of the sport. However, they told CNN they were unable to provide such data.

FINA – the global governing body for swimming – told CNN it does not have a breakdown of the ethnicities of swimmers at a grassroots or elite level.

FINA said in 2021 it allocated $6.6 million towards development programs for distribution among all national federations and continental associations, while also pushing for diversity in the sport through its “Swimming for All, Swimming for Life” program.

“FINA remains fully committed to non-discrimination,” the organization said to CNN in a statement. “FINA continues to work hard to ensure that the global aquatics community is a place where all athletes, coaches and administrators are treated equally.

“Work will continue to develop and grow with the support of members of the aquatics community as we strive to be at the forefront of this essential area,” FINA added.

“I have faced barriers when I was younger and issues where people just don’t think Black people should swim, or do swim, or think that we’re better suited to other sports and so shouldn’t even learn to swim or attempt swimming in the first place.” Alice Dearing, Olympic swimmer and BSA co-founder

Sport England told CNN in a statement that it is “committed to increasing investment in facilities and organisations across England to try to level up access to good quality sports and activities.”

“Barriers to getting active persist and have even been exacerbated for some disadvantaged groups – like women, people with long-term health conditions, disabled people, people from ethnically diverse communities and lower socio-economic groups,” the statement added.

Sport England said in May it announced further funding that brings its total investment in its 121 partners to more than £550 million ($670 million), which they’ve selected “due to their unique position to tackle entrenched activity inequalities and influence positive change throughout the sector, their own networks and beyond.”

“It’s not all about the economic side of things. It is also about getting people to feel comfortable with putting their kids in swim lessons and in competitive swimming so that they can then go and do other aquatic-based sports,” Joel Shinofield, the managing director of sport development at USA Swimming, told CNN during a phone call.

USA Swimming is a membership-serviced organization that has over 3,100 clubs and more than 400,000 members, according to the official website.

“Our goal is to facilitate opportunities and make sure they’re good ones. While our clubs are the ones that do that on the local level, the resources, guidance, support, financial investment that we provide can shift who those opportunities can be provided to and more broadly create access,” he added.

Shinofield said that USA Swimming has established a 10-year initiative that will grant $1 million to develop learn-to-swim and competitive opportunities for communities served by Historical Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs). The program was announced in 2021, according to the USA Swimming official website.

Serving underrepresented communities

From representing their organization at the UK’s first Equality, Diversity and Inclusion Summit For Sport in Birmingham, England earlier this year to facilitating swimming classes in Hackney – one of the most deprived boroughs in London – Obe hopes that the BSA will help bridge the barrier through community-level engagement.

“That community engagement really is to build trust, accountability and collaboration with disenfranchised communities and the sector,” says Obe.

“Only in understanding these attitudes and understanding some of the barriers that preclude our communities from engaging in aquatics can we begin to drive change.”

In August 2021, the BSA announced it would conduct a research program with the Royal National Lifeboat Institution and the University of Portsmouth, exploring the behaviors and barriers that prevent African, Caribbean and Asian communities from swimming.

“There’s so much joy that can be had once you learn to swim, once you’ve abandoned those fears and you can get in the water.” Omie Dale, Swimunity Director and Instructor

Speaking about the program, Obe says: “It’s important for us to inspire confidence with African, Caribbean and Asian communities, and the only way we’re able to do that is to ensure that we understand where these communities are in the first place and understand why they don’t engage in aquatics, why we don’t see the representation pool side and why we don’t even see the representation within some aquatic organizations.”

Dale also volunteers with Mental Health Swims, a grassroots organization that facilitates swimming meet-ups for people struggling with their mental health. As part of her work for the organization, she coordinates swim events in south London to help swimmers access the mental health benefits of the sport. She also volunteers for Pride in Water, a network that aims to increase LGBTQ+ representation in swimming.

‘The future is bright’

Dearing says that despite the racial and economic barriers to swimming for African, Caribbean and Asian communities, she’s still optimistic about the changing landscape of the sport.

“I really think if anything is going to change, it’s going to be now, it’s going to be over the next couple of years,” she says. “Each story is different, each person is different and has to be understood in their own way, and there’s nothing wrong with that, that’s just another challenge that we have to face and we’re up for it.

“It’s tough – it’s not a quick fix, but the future is bright.

“I like to feel that I’m giving something back to swimming and, hopefully, giving something to the Black community to hopefully achieve, strive for and change the way that Black people are viewed in swimming and the way Black people view swimming.

“It’s a double-edged sword; I absolutely love doing it. Sometimes, it’s really frightening and daunting, but if I’m trying to make the world a better place, then sometimes you got to step out and scare yourself.”London CNN —

For Claire Heafford, the abuse she says she suffered as a young gymnast has left a lasting mark on her life.

Heafford, who’s now in her 40s, told CNN Sport she experienced symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) after competing in British gymnastics in the 1990s, when she alleges, she was physically and emotionally abused.

Now, she says she finally feels “vindicated,” after years fighting for reform in the sport through the organization she co-founded, Gymnasts for Change.

Last week, an independent review concluded that British Gymnastics allowed for a culture of physical and emotional abuse and failed to provide a safe environment for gymnasts, with children body-shamed, belittled and abused.

Heafford said she felt “a massive feeling of vindication” following the release of a review conducted by barrister Anne Whyte, saying it “completely validated everything that we’d anecdotally known and had been reporting and campaigning on for two years.”

Released Thursday, Whyte’s 300-plus page review concluded that British Gymnastics should have been aware of the “bullying, harassment and excessive control” that occurred in training clubs between 2008 and 2020.

“My own experience was that I was trained by the first Russian that was brought over to the UK in the 90s,” Heafford told CNN’s Amanda Davies.

“I grew up in a Soviet training camp in the heart of the home counties [the counties surrounding London]. It was too bizarre to be believed. So as a kid just at an ordinary state school, trying to explain to my school friends, what my training life was like was difficult,” she said.

"It was too bizarre to be believed," Claire Heafford tells CNN's Amanda Davies. CNN

In the report, Whyte highlighted the “recruitment of a significant number of coaches” from the former Soviet Union and the Soviet bloc.

“The technical skill and experience of these coaches, whilst formidable, was sometimes accompanied by an attitude to the gymnast which was autocratic and dismissive and left athletes feeling like commodities,” Whyte wrote, adding that the ability of these coaches to produce decorated gymnasts was admired and later emulated by coaches in the UK.

Heafford says what she experienced in the 1990s mirrors incidents reported to Whyte, who was commissioned by UK Sport and Sport England to review allegations that British Gymnastics failed to address complaints for decades.

Whyte received over 400 submissions and interviewed 190 people after her call for evidence in August 2020.

In response to the review, British Gymnastics chief executive Sarah Powell admitted Thursday that the organization failed the sport of gymnastics and apologized on behalf of the sporting body.

“I wish to accept all of the recommendations and the key findings, and we will work hard to ensure that these are acted upon quickly and robustly,” stated Powell.

“But most importantly, I want to wholeheartedly apologize on behalf of the leadership and the board for those gymnasts who have suffered because we have not met the standards that are expected for our sport.”

Protecting the next generation

“When you do try to raise the alarm as a child and you’re shut down, it makes you think that if you do speak out, you’re not going to be believed,” Heafford, who left the sport in 1995, told CNN.

“From that point on, I never watched gymnastics. I got the hell away from it. And I went into athletics, which is where I had wonderful experiences, and I loved every minute of being a track and field athlete. So it was only when I stopped competing that I started to get PTSD symptoms showing up from my time in gymnastics,” she added.

After distancing herself from the sport for years, Heafford now coaches adults in gymnastics, runs body positive gymnastics classes and campaigns for change in the sport – particularly for the recognition of historic abuse.

Other gymnasts have been vocal in their support of the report’s release. Two-time Olympian Becky Downie, who competed for Great Britain in the 2008 and 2016 Olympic Games, said the report “feels like a vindication for myself and so many who have known for so long of the serious cultural problems within the sport. A sport I love more than anything.”

“Finally everyone knows the truth and while it won’t directly benefit those who have experienced it, it’s encouraging to know that if the recommendations are implemented, it’ll protect and enhance the next generation of gymnasts,” she wrote on Instagram and Twitter.

Becky Downie, who competed for Great Britain in the 2008 and 2016 Olympic Games, said the report was like a "vindication." Naomi Baker/Getty Images

Whyte recommended systemic changes in her review, including calling on British Gymnastics to improve its complaints system by offering better guidance on how concerns should be investigated and strengthening how complaints are monitored so that patterns of abuse can be better recognized.

Whyte also recommended that British Gymnastics reassess the level of responsibility delegated to volunteers and employ trained, expert staff, as well as introducing mandatory safeguarding training for all club owners and managers.

She added that British Gymnastics must appoint board members with expertise in promoting the welfare of children and protecting them from harm, as well as a director of education with responsibility for the education of coaches and welfare officers.

Downie added: “While it’ll never make what has been allowed to happen to myself and so many others ok, it has been made clear us athletes have been heard, and I’m overwhelmingly encouraged for the future of young gymnasts in this country.”

UK Sport and Sport England said they accepted and endorsed the review’s recommendations, and that they would continue to support British Gymnastics.

“At this time, our intention is to continue to fund British Gymnastics, as we believe that withdrawing funding would not only prevent them from implementing the vital changes outlined in the report but also negatively impact on the support to and wellbeing of gymnasts now,” the joint UK Sport and Sport England statement reads.

“However, we are clear that continued funding for British Gymnastics will depend on its new leadership team making significant changes to the sport, to the timelines set out in the report’s recommendations.”

First civil case won

This week, 18-year-old former elite acrobatic gymnast Eloise Jotischky won the first civil case against British Gymnastics for the abuse she said she experienced at the hands of a coach.

She and Heafford are among a group of 39 plaintiffs involved in civil cases focusing on historic abuse by coaches who fell under the auspices of British Gymnastics, according to a representative for Gymnastics for Change.

British Gymnastics admitted full liability in Jotischky’s case and reached a settlement with the former gymnast, whom the BBC reported also received an apology from the chief executive of the organization.

Jotischky, who said her coach subjected her to inappropriate weight management techniques and verbal harassment, told CNN Sport in an email she was glad the report had “finally exposed the catastrophic safeguarding failures that led to the abuse of hundreds of gymnasts.”

In the report, Whyte highlighted submissions detailing how “some coaches went to damaging lengths to control what gymnasts ate and weighed, to the extent of searching luggage and rooms for food. As a result, some gymnasts suffered from (and still suffer from) eating disorders and associated mental health issues.”

Whyte's 300-plus page review concluded that British Gymnastics should have been aware of the "bullying, harassment and excessive control" that occurred in training clubs between 2008 and 2020. buenafoto/Adobe Stock

Jotischky, who competed in the sport between the ages of eight and 14, told CNN Sport she was encouraged that British Gymnastics intended to implement the report’s recommendations.

But she expressed concern, saying that “more needs to be done to address and reform the endemic culture of abuse that has been so deeply ingrained within the sport.”

In particular, Jotischky said she believes a register of coaches is critical: “Without a register of coaches, parents will never know when their child is being coached by someone who has had allegations of abuse against them. The failures of the past have proved that parents should not be shut out, especially in a sport where the coaches are being entrusted with the welfare of young children.”

When approached for a comment on Jotischky’s remarks, British Gymnastics declined to comment further.

Jotischky said that, since becoming the first gymnast to win her legal case against British Gymnastics, she has been overwhelmed by the number of gymnasts who have contacted her to share their experiences.

“It shows there are so many gymnasts who are afraid to speak out publicly and that must change,” she said.

Heafford agreed.

“The reality is that national governing bodies operate within a vacuum from a legal point of view. And the only thing that will bring actual cultural change to sport generally and specifically to the sport of gymnastics is legislative change,” she said, adding that she is calling for mandatory reporting whereby parents, gymnasts and coaches within training facilities would legally be required to report any abuse they observed.

Heafford said that it was difficult for survivors to speak up, adding “there is such defensiveness within the culture of gymnastics.”

“You know that as a gymnast, if you speak out about culture, there will be repercussions. You’ll be ostracized from the community, so it’s not an easy thing to do,” she said.

UK Sport and Sport England referred CNN to last week’s joint statement when approached for further comment.

A global reckoning

The report comes as gymnastics institutions worldwide have been forced to reckon with claims of abuse and safeguarding failures following an outpouring of survivor testimony.

In March, more than 70 former and current gymnasts in Canada called for an investigation into “ongoing toxic and abusive practices” gymnasts are allegedly subject to in the country.

In an open letter addressed to Sport Canada, the athletes have called for the governing body to conduct an “independent, third-party investigation.”

At the time, GymCan said it was aware of the letter being circulated and agreed that an external and independent organization must be established to oversee complaints.

In May, GymCan and its Provincial Member Organizations said they had been informed by the media of a proposed class action lawsuit, filed with the Supreme Court of British Columbia, in which they are named as defendants.

“Although we have not been served, the allegations we have been made aware of in the claim describe behaviour that is unacceptable in any sport environment, and we take them very seriously,” GymCan said in a statement, adding they are committed to addressing all allegations with “diligence and due process.”

This comes four years after disgraced former USA Gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar was sentenced to up to 175 years in Michigan state prison after pleading guilty to seven counts of criminal sexual conduct.

At the sentencing, 156 victims, including Olympic gold medalists Aly Raisman and McKayla Maroney, recounted stories of how they went to Nassar to receive treatment for sports injuries, only to be sexually assaulted and told it was a form of treatment.

Attorneys for more than 90 women and girls who were sexually abused by Nassar this month submitted claims for over $1 billion to the FBI, saying investigators could have ended Nassar’s predation and protected other victims had they not mishandled the case.

The claimants include Olympic gymnasts Simone Biles, Raisman and Maroney and world championship medalist Maggie Nichols. Each has asked for $50 million, according to the law firm that represents them.

CNN this month contacted the Department of Justice, which oversees the FBI, and officials there declined to comment.