CNN —

Asia’s richest man, Mukesh Ambani, has announced plans to relaunch an iconic 1970s soda brand that once rivaled Coca-Cola and Pepsi, prompting a wave of nostalgia on social media among the millions of Indians who grew up drinking the beverage.

Ambani’s Reliance Group said this week it would reintroduce Campa Cola to India’s multibillion-dollar non-alcoholic drinks market this summer in three flavors: cola, lemon, and orange, CNN News-18 reported.

The brand filled a void in the South Asian country at a time when its more famous American rival Coca-Cola was not available, and the news of its return has prompted a flurry of interest from middle-aged Indians who remember drinking it in their youth.

Shailesh Desai, 60, from Mumbai, told CNN he remembered how drinking Campa Cola “would drown the apprehension” when he needed to tell his father about a bad grade on his report card, and provide a boost of confidence when he wanted to ask a girl on a date.

Sukant Khurana wrote on Twitter that he could remember pestering his grandfather to buy him the drink.

“So many childhood memories … If it tastes anything like it did, Campa Cola will sell on nostalgia,” he wrote.

Meanwhile Atul Mohan tweeted that “some brands remain timeless … people still ask, ‘will you drink Campa?’”

While Coca-Cola was introduced in India in the 1950s it withdrew from the market just over two decades later when the Indian government introduced a regulation that would have required it to reveal its formula.

In its absence, the Indian alternative Campa Cola became immensely popular and soon grew to lead the country’s soft drink market.

Like its American rival its popularity was fueled by catchy advertising campaigns that appealed to Indian youth. Bollywood actor Salman Khan appeared in one of its more famous television campaigns while its print advertisements were known for their pop-art illustrations and bold colors.

It also had a punchy tag line, with a hint of an appeal to patriotism: “The Great Indian Taste.”

However, its popularity began to fizzle during the 1990s when India’s then Prime Minister PV Narasimha Rao and his Finance Minister Manmohan Singh opened the country to foreign investment.

Foreign cola brands made a comeback, with Coca-Cola returning in 1993 and Pepsi and Fanta also becoming popular. Campa Cola gradually disappeared from stalls and shelves across the country.

With its new acquisition, Reliance appears to be hoping to appeal both to those Indians nostalgic for the brand and to introduce the cola to a younger crowd who might not remember its previous incarnation.

“By presenting Campa in its new avatar, we hope to inspire consumers across generations to embrace this truly iconic brand and trigger a new excitement in the beverage segment,” a company spokesperson said, according to CNN News-18.Seoul, South Korea CNN —

When a Chinese high-altitude balloon suspected of spying was spotted over the United States recently, the US Air Force responded by sending up a high-flying espionage asset of its own: the U-2 reconnaissance jet.

It was the Cold-War era spy plane that took the high-resolution photographs – not to mention its pilot’s selfie – that reportedly convinced Washington the Chinese balloon was gathering intelligence and not, as Beijing continues to insist, studying the weather.

In doing so, the plane played a key role in an event that sent tensions between the world’s two largest economies soaring, and shone an international spotlight on the methods the two governments use to keep tabs on each other.

Until now, most of the media’s focus has been on the balloon – specifically, how a vessel popularly seen as a relic of a bygone era of espionage could possibly remain relevant in the modern spy’s playbook. Yet to many military historians, it is the involvement of that other symbol of a bygone time, the U-2, that is far more telling.

The U-2 has a long and storied history when it comes to espionage battles between the US and China. In the 1960s and 1970s, at least five of them were shot down while on surveillance missions over China.

Those losses haven’t been as widely reported as might be expected – and for good reason. The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), which was responsible for all of America’s U-2s at the time the planes were shot down, has never officially explained what they were doing there.

Adding to the mystery was that the planes were being flown not by US pilots nor under a US flag, but by pilots from Taiwan who, in a striking parallel to today’s balloon saga, claimed to be involved in a weather research initiative.

A US Air Force pilot looks down at the suspected Chinese surveillance balloon from the cockpit of his U-2 spy plane on February 3, 2023. US Department of Defense

The Dragon Lady and Chinese nukes

That the CIA would be tight-lipped over what these American-built spy planes were doing is hardly surprising.

But the agency’s continued silence more than 50 years later – it did not respond to a CNN request for comment on this article – speaks volumes about just how sensitive the issue was both at the time and remains today.

The US government has a general rule of 25 years for automatic declassification of sensitive material. However, one of its often-cited reasons for ignoring this rule is in those cases where revealing the information would “cause serious harm to relations between the US and a foreign government, or to ongoing diplomatic activities of the US.”

Contemporary accounts of what the planes were doing – by the Taiwan pilots who were shot down, retired US Air Force officers and military historians among them – leave little doubt as to why it would have caused a stir.

The planes – according to accounts by the pilots in a Taiwan-made documentary film and histories published on US government websites – had been transferred to Taiwan as part of a top-secret mission to snoop on Communist China’s growing military capabilities, including its nascent nuclear program, which was receiving help from the Soviet Union.

The newly developed U-2, nicknamed the Dragon Lady, appeared to offer the perfect vessel. The US had already used it to spy on the Soviet’s domestic nuclear program as its high-altitude capabilities – it was designed in the 1950s to reach “a staggering and unprecedented altitude of 70,000 feet,” in the words of its developer Lockheed – put it out of the range of antiaircraft missiles.

Or so the US had thought. In 1960, the Soviets shot down a CIA-operated U-2 and put its pilot Gary Powers on trial. Washington was forced to abandon its cover story (that Powers had been on a weather reconnaissance mission and had drifted into Soviet airspace after blacking out from oxygen depletion), admit the spy plane program, and barter for Powers to be returned in a prisoner swap.

“Since America didn’t want to have its own pilots shot down in a U-2 the way Gary Powers had been over the Soviet Union in 1960, which caused a major diplomatic incident, they turned to Taiwan, and Taiwan was all too willing to allow its pilots to be trained and to do a long series of overflights over mainland China,” Chris Pocock, author of “50 Years of the U-2,” explained in the 2018 documentary film “Lost Black Cats 35th Squadron.”

A mobile chase car pursues a U-2 Dragon Lady as it prepares to land at Beale Air Force Base in California in June 2015. US Air Force

The Black Cats and Detachment H

Like the U-2, Taiwan – also known as the Republic of China (ROC) – seemed a perfect choice for the mission. The self-governing island to the east of the Chinese mainland was at odds with the Communist leadership in Beijing – as it remains today – and at that time in history had a mutual defense treaty with Washington.

That treaty has long since lapsed, but Taiwan remains a point of major tensions between China and the United States, with Chinese leader Xi Jinping vowing to bring it under the Communist Party’s control and Washington still obligated to provide it with the means to defend itself.

Today, the US sells F-16 fighter jets to Taiwan as part of that obligation. In the 1960s, Taiwan got the US-made U-2s.

The island’s military set up a squadron that would officially be known as the “Weather Reconnaissance and Research Section.”

But its members – pilots from Taiwan who had been trained in the US to fly U-2s – knew it by a different name: the “Black Cats.”

The author Pocock and Gary Powers Jr., the son of the pilot shot down by the Soviets and the co-founder of the Cold War Museum in Washington, DC, explained the thinking behind the squadron and its mission in the 2018 documentary film.

The other CIA unit in Taiwan Coinciding with the Black Cat Squadron, the Black Bat Squadron was formed under the cooperation of the Central Intelligence Agency and Taiwan’s air force, according to a Taiwan Defense Ministry website. While the Black Cats were in charge of high-altitude reconnaissance missions, the Black Bats conducted low-altitude reconnaissance and electronic intelligence gathering missions over mainland China from May 1956. It also operated in Vietnam in tandem with the US during the Vietnam War. Between 1952 to 1972, the Black Bats lost 15 aircraft and 148 lives, according to the website.

“The Black Cats program was implemented because the American government needed to find out information over mainland China – what were their strengths and weaknesses, where were their military installations located, where were their submarine bases, what type of aircraft were they developing,” said Powers Jr.

Lloyd Leavitt, a retired US Air Force lieutenant general, described the mission as “a joint intelligence operation by the United States and the Republic of China.”

“American U-2s were painted with ROC insignia, ROC pilots were under the command of a ROC (Air Force) colonel, overflight missions were planned by Washington, and both countries were recipients of the intelligence gathered over the mainland,” Leavitt wrote in a 2010 personal history of the Cold War published by the Air Force Research Institute in Alabama.

One of the first men to fly the U-2 for Taiwan was Mike Hua, who was there when the first of the planes arrived at Taoyuan Air Base in Taiwan in early 1961.

“The cover story was that the ROC (air force) had purchased the aircraft, that bore the (Taiwanese) national insignia. … To avoid being confused with other air force organizations stationed in Taoyuan, the section became the 35th Squadron with the Black Cat as its insignia,” Hua wrote in a 2002 history of the unit for the magazine Air Force Historical Foundation.

At the Taiwan airbase, Americans worked with the Taiwan pilots, helping to maintain the aircraft and process the information. They were know as Detachment H, according to Hua.

“All US personnel were ostensibly employees of the Lockheed Aircraft Company,” Hua wrote.

Code name: Razor

The ROC air force and US representatives inked an agreement on the operation, giving it the code name “Razor,” Hua wrote.

He described the intelligence gained by the flights as “tremendous” and said it was shared between Taipei and Washington.

“The missions covered the vast interior of the Chinese mainland, where almost no aerial photographs had ever been taken,” he wrote. “Each mission brought back an aerial photographic map of roughly 100 miles wide by 2,000 miles long, which revealed not only the precise location of a target, but also the activities on the ground.”

Other sensors on the spy planes gathered information on Chinese radar capabilities and more, he said.

Between January 1962 and May 1974, according to a history on Taiwan’s Defense Ministry’s website, the Black Cats flew 220 reconnaissance missions covering “more than 10 million square kilometers over 30 provinces in the Chinese mainland.”

When asked for further comment on the Black Cats, the ministry referred CNN to the published materials.

“The idea was that black cats go out at night, and the U-2 would usually launch in the darkness. Their cameras were the eyes, and it was very stealthy, quiet, and hard to get. And so combining the two stories, they became known as the Black Cats,” the author Pocock said in the documentary.

The squadron even had its own patch, reputedly drawn by one of its members, Lt. Col. Chen Huai-sheng, and inspired by a local establishment frequented by the pilots.

But the Black Cats, like Powers Sr. two years before, were about to find out their U-2s were not impervious to antiaircraft fire.

On September 9, 1962, Chen became the first U-2 pilot to be shot down by a People’s Liberation Army antiaircraft missile. His plane went down while on a mission over Nanchang, China.

Video Ad Feedback See photos showing US Navy recovering spy balloon from water 01:18 - Source: CNN

Shot down over China

In the following years, three more Black Cat U-2 pilots were killed on missions over China as the PLA figured out how to counter the U-2 missions.

“The mainland Chinese learned from their radars where these flights were going, what their targets were, and they began to build sites for the missiles but move them around,” Pocock said.

“So they would build a site here, occupy that site for a while but if they thought the next flight would be going over here, they would move the missiles. It was a cat-and-mouse game, literally a black cat and mouse game between the routines from the flights from Taiwan and those air defense troops of the (Chinese) mainland, working out where the next flight would go.”

In July 1964, Lt. Col. Lee Nan-ping’s U-2 was shot down by a PLA SA-2 missile over Chenghai, China. According to the Taiwan Defense Ministry he was flying out of a US naval air station in the Philippines and trying to gain information on China’s supply routes to North Vietnam.

In September 1967, a PLA missile hit the U-2 being flown by Capt. Hwang Rung-pei over Jiaxin, China, and in May 1969, Maj. Chang Hsieh suffered a “flight control failure” over the Yellow Sea while reconnoitering the coast of Hebei province, China. No trace of his U-2 was ever found, according to Taiwan’s Defense Ministry.

A U-2 Dragon Lady, from Beale Air Force Base, lands at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam, Hawaii, in 2017. US Air Force

Captured by the Communists

Two other Taiwanese U-2 pilots were shot down but survived, only to spend years in Communist captivity.

Maj. Robin Yeh was shot down in November 1963 over Jiujiang, Jiangxi province.

“The plane lost control when the explosion of the missile took out part of the left wing. The plane spiraled down. Lots of shrapnel flew into the plane and hit both of my legs,” Yeh, who died in 2016, recalled in “The Brave in the Upper Air: An Oral History of The Black Cat Squadron” published by Taiwan’s Defense Ministry.

He said that following his capture Chinese doctors removed 59 pieces of shrapnel from his legs, but couldn’t take it all out.

“It didn’t really affect my daily life, but during winter my legs would hurt, which affected my mobility. I guess this would be my lifelong memory,” Yeh said.

Maj. Jack Chang’s U-2 was hit by a missile over Inner Mongolia in 1965. He, too, suffered dozens of shrapnel injuries and bailed out, landing on a snowy landscape.

“It was dark at the time, preventing me from seeking help anyway, so I had to wrap myself up tightly with the parachute to keep myself warm … After ten hours when dawn broke, I saw a village of yurts afar, so I dragged myself and sought help there. I collapsed as soon as I reached a bed,” he recalled in the oral history.

Neither Yeh nor Chang, who were assumed killed in action, would see Taiwan again for decades. The pilots were eventually released in 1982 into Hong Kong, which at the time was still a British colony.

However, the world into which they emerged had changed greatly in the intervening years. The US no longer had a mutual defense treaty with Taiwan and had formally switched diplomatic recognition from Taipei to Beijing.

Though the Cold War US-Taiwan alliance was no longer, the CIA brought the two pilots to the US to live until they were finally allowed to return to Taiwan in 1990.

Members of the 5th Reconnaissance Squadron "Black Cats" work on a U-2 "Dragon Lady" at Osan Air Base on Oct. 22, 2020. US Air Force

No regrets

Indeed, by the time of their release CIA control of the U-2 program had long since ceased. It had turned the planes over to the US Air Force in 1974, according to a US Air Force history.

Two years later, the Air Force’s 99th Strategic Reconnaissance Squadron and its U-2s moved into Osan Air Base in South Korea. Commander Lt. Col. David Young gave the location the “Black Cat” moniker.

Today, the unit is known as the 5th Reconnaissance Squadron.

But US U-2s continue to be involved in what might be characterized as “cat-and-mouse” activities and their activities continue to make waves occasionally in China. In 2020, Beijing accused the US of sending a U-2 into a no-fly zone to “trespass” on live-fire exercises being conducted by China below.

The US Pacific Air Forces confirmed to CNN at the time that the flight had taken place, but said it did not violate any rules.

Meanwhile, for those involved in the original Black Cats, there are few regrets – even for those who were captured.

Yeh told the documentary makers he had fond memories of life at 70,000 feet.

“We were literally up in the air. The view we had was also different; we had the bird’s eye view. Everything we saw was vast,” he said.

Chang too felt no bitterness.

“I love flying,” he said. “I didn’t die, so I have no regrets.”Editor’s Note: A version of this story first appeared in CNN’s Meanwhile in the Middle East newsletter, a three-times-a-week look inside the region’s biggest stories. Sign up here.

Abu Dhabi, UAE CNN —

Saudi Arabia and Iran announced on Friday that they had agreed to reestablish diplomatic ties after seven years of hostility, in a deal between the regional archrivals that could have wide-ranging implications for the Middle East.

Riyadh and Tehran plan to reopen their embassies within two months in an agreement mediated by China, Saudi Arabia and Iran said in a joint statement after talks in Beijing on Friday.

They also plan to reimplement a security pact signed 22 years ago under which both parties agreed to cooperate on terrorism, drug-smuggling and money-laundering, as well as reviving a trade and technology deal from 1998.

Friday’s announcement is also a diplomatic victory for China in a Gulf region that has long been considered part of the US’ domain of influence. It comes as the Biden administration tries to notch its own win in the Middle East by trying to broker a normalization pact between Israel and Saudi Arabia.

Talks had been ongoing since March 6 in Beijing between Iranian national security chief Ali Shamkhani, Saudi national security council adviser Mosaed Bin Mohammad Al-Aiban and China’s top diplomat Wang Yi, according to Iranian state media.

Video of the signing ceremony aired by Iranian media showed officials seated around tables on opposite sides with the Saudi Arabian, Iranian and Chinese flags around them.

“We will continue to play a constructive role in properly handling hotspot issues in today’s world in accordance with the wishes of all countries and demonstrate our responsibility as a major country,” Wang said, adding that Chinese President Xi Jinping supported it since the beginning.

In an apparent push back to American influence, Wang said that “the world is not limited to the Ukraine issue” while emphasizing that the fate of the Middle East should be determined by the people of the Middle East.

“The foreign ministers of the two countries will meet each other to implement this decision and make necessary arrangements for the exchange of ambassadors,” the joint statement said. “The two sides agree to respect the sovereignty and non-interference in each other’s internal affairs.”

Saudi Arabia and Iran had previously held talks aimed at reconciliation in Oman and Iraq.

Riyadh severed ties with Tehran in 2016 after Iranian protesters stormed the Saudi embassy in the Iranian capital following the execution of a Shi’ite cleric in Saudi Arabia. Since then, they have fought a proxy war that has embroiled a number of neighboring countries, bringing the region ever closer to war.

In Yemen, the two countries have supported opposite sides of a civil war that has been described by the United Nations as one the world’s worst humanitarian crises. From there, the Houthi rebels have fired missiles at both Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, targeting oil infrastructure that is vital to their economies.

Saudi Arabia has however been engaged in direct talks with the Houthis, and an unofficial ceasefire appears to be holding.

In a speech prior to the signing of the agreement with his Iranian counterpart, Saudi Arabia’s Al-Aiban called for non-interference in the sovereignty of states to be a “fundamental pillar for the development of relations.”

“We value what we have reached and we hope that we will continue the constructive dialogue, in accordance with the pillars and foundations included in the agreement,” he said.

Iranian Foreign Minister Hossein Amir-Abdollahian hailed the deal and said Tehran would step up its diplomatic efforts in the region.

“Iran and Saudi Arabia relations returning to normal makes the two countries, the region and the Muslim world stronger,” Amir-Abdollahian tweeted on Friday.

Tehran finds itself increasingly isolated on the global stage. Talks to revive Iran’s 2015 nuclear pact with world powers are frozen and relations with Western states have faced further strains due to the Islamic Republic’s brutal crackdown on protests that started in September.

Iran’s main international ally Russia is preoccupied with the war in Ukraine, while China, its other ally, has lately been courting Tehran’s archrival Saudi Arabia.

“For Saudi Arabia, rapprochement with Iran is a key part of a major diplomatic offensive on all fronts,” said Hussein Ibish, a senior resident scholar at the Arab Gulf States Institute in Washington. “Just as Saudi Arabia normalizes relations with Iran it produces a potential framework for eventually, perhaps, normalizing with Israel as well.”

“The fact that it has been agreed to in Beijing is very significant for China and its rise as a diplomatic and strategic player in the Gulf region,” said Ibish. “This does seem to recognize China’s unique role in being able to broker relations between Tehran and Riyadh, stepping into a position that had previously been occupied by European countries, if not the United States, and this will not be particularly pleasing to Washington.”

The reconciliation comes as China expands its diplomatic outreach in the Arab world. In December, Chinese President Xi Jinping was welcomed in Riyadh in an extravagant ceremony as part of a visit that brought together 14 Arab heads of state. That was just months after a relatively low-key meeting with US President Joe Biden, whose relationship with Saudi Arabia has been frosty.

“China’s role as a broker is striking, and could foreshadow a bolder diplomatic position,” said Sanam Vakil, a senior research fellow for the Middle East and North Africa program at Chatham House think-tank in London.

“But we should be cautious in overstating Beijing’s intentions. This is more about China’s interests in the region. China has brought together two key actors – regional and economic actors – for the purpose of reducing regional tensions and facilitating greater economic engagement with both.”

Xiaofei Xu, Shawn Deng and Abbas Al Lawati contributed to this report.Havana CNN —

Marta Perdomo agonizes day and night for her two sons Jorge and Nadir, jailed in Cuba for taking part nearly two years ago in the largest anti-government protests since the 1959 revolution. A call she says she received in late February from Cuba’s internal security service only added to her anxiety.

“State security called me and asked me if my sons had passports. That alarmed me because then I thought they should know if my sons have passports,” she told CNN.

When Perdomo asked why, the answer she said she received back from the agent from the other end of the line was cryptic.

“They told me there are ‘things on the table,’” Perdomo said.

Perdomo’s sons are facing lengthy prison sentences but she and other families have taken hope from a recent mass release of prisoners in authoritarian Nicaragua, a close ally of Cuba’s. More than two hundred jailed government opponents there were stripped of citizenship and sent to the United States in February.

One Catholic Cardinal appeared to allude to a similar possibility during an unusual visit to the island in February to met with Cuban President Miguel Diaz-Canel. In a brief exchange with reporters, Cardinal Benaimino Stella said at the behest of Pope Francis he had pressed for the release of the more than 700 people the Cuban government has charged or convicted for their involvement in the protests.

“The Pope very much wants there to be a positive response,” Stella said.

“Amnesty, clemency, whatever it is called. The words are secondary. “It is important that the young people who at one time spoke out in a way we know about can return to their homes,” he said.

Cuban president Miguel Diaz Canel (R) and Italian Cardinal Beniamino Stella (L) in Havana on February 8, 2023. Adalberto Roque/AFP/Getty Images

On July 11, 2021, Cubans, frustrated at power cuts and food and medicine shortages, poured into the streets. Many demanded freedom and that Diaz-Canel leave power.

Labeling the protestors “vandals” and “counter revolutionaries,” Diaz-Canel ordered police and those faithful to the government to restore order. Hundreds of people were arrested and later faced mass trials.

US President Biden, who had earlier promised to return to the détente of the Obama era, when diplomatic relations were restored for the first time with the Cuban government following more than a half century of severed ties, criticized the crackdown at the time.

He placed economic sanctions on officials believed to be involved in crushing the protests and called Cuba “a failed state.” In discussions with their Cuban counterparts, US diplomats told them the US-Cuban relationship would likely stay frozen if the protestors remained jailed.

Cuban officials offered little indication the pressure campaign to release the protestors was having any effect.

Nevertheless, given last month’s talks between the Catholic Church and Cuban government, European diplomats in Havana told CNN that they were preparing to issue humanitarian visas to any prisoners who might be released by the government and leave the island for exile abroad.

The diplomats cautioned it was unclear how many prisoners, if any, would actually be released.

But the Catholic church has had success in the past securing the release of prisoners from Cuban jails. Ahead of visits by Popes Benedict and Francis to the communist-run island, the Cuban government agreed to release thousands of prisoners.

And as part of the secret talks to normalize relations with the Obama administration, some of which took place at the Vatican, Cuba also agreed to release 53 Cubans from their jails that the US considered to be political prisoners.

Cuban officials did not respond to CNN requests for comment on the negotiations for the prisoners’ release.

It is still not clear what Cuba might gain from a new prisoner release, though the Cuban government has pushed for relief from crushing US economic sanctions that officials say are contributing to a mass exodus of people from the island.

Following his State of the Union speech in February, Biden was overheard telling Senator Bob Menendez, a proponent of tougher sanctions on the Cuban government, “I gotta talk to you about Cuba.”

The remark was interpreted by many Cuba watchers as a sign that changes are coming to the relationship.

In the most suggestive comments yet that the US is negotiating for the release of the jailed demonstrators, the Assistant Secretary of State for the Western Hemisphere Brian Nichols said on Tuesday while speaking on Cuba policy in Miami: “Publicly – and privately in discussions with Cuban officials – the US government continues to call for the release of political prisoners. And we always stress that the Cuban people should be able to choose where to live and the government should allow its citizens to return to Cuba.”

“While we strongly oppose forced exile,” Nichols continued. “The United States will not turn its back on political prisoners, and if they want to come to America, we will explore available avenues under US law to welcome them.”CNN —

Scientists have set out a way to suck planet-heating carbon pollution from the air, turn it into sodium bicarbonate and store it in oceans, according to a new paper.

The technique could be up to three times more efficient than current carbon capture technology, say the authors of the study, published Wednesday in the journal Science Advances.

Tackling the climate crisis means drastically reducing the burning of fossil fuels, which releases planet-heating pollution. But because humans have already pumped so much of this pollution into the atmosphere and are unlikely to sufficiently reduce emissions in the near term, scientists say we also need to remove it from the air.

Nature does this – forests and oceans, for example, are valuable carbon sinks – but not quickly enough to keep pace with the amounts humans are producing. So we have turned to technology.

One method is to capture carbon pollution directly at the source, for example from steel or cement plants.

But another way, which this study focuses on, is “direct air capture.” This involves sucking carbon pollution directly out of the atmosphere and then storing it, often by injecting it into the ground.

The problem with direct air capture is that while carbon dioxide may be a very potent planet-heating gas, its concentrations are very small – it makes up about 0.04% of air. This means removing it directly from the air is challenging and expensive.

It’s a “significant hurdle,” Arup SenGupta, a professor at Lehigh University and a study author, told CNN.

Even the biggest facilities can only remove relatively small amounts and it costs several hundred dollars to remove each ton of carbon.

Climeworks’ direct air removal project in Iceland is the largest facility, according to the company, and can capture up to 4,000 tons of carbon dioxide a year. That’s equivalent to the carbon pollution produced by fewer than 800 cars over a year.

The new technique laid out in the study can help tackle those problems, said SenGupta.

The team have used copper to modify the absorbent material used in direct air capture. The result is an absorbent “which can remove CO2 from the atmosphere at ultra-dilute concentration at a capacity which is two to three times greater than existing absorbents,” SenGupta said.

This material can be produced easily and cheaply and would help drive down the costs of direct air capture, he added.

Once the carbon dioxide is captured, it can then be turned into sodium bicarbonate – baking soda – using seawater and released into the ocean at a small concentration.

The oceans “are infinite sinks,” SenGupta said. “If you put all the CO2 from the atmosphere, emitted every day – or every year – into the ocean, the increase in concentration would be very, very minor,” he said.

SenGupta’s idea is that direct air capture plants can be located offshore, giving them access to abundant amounts of seawater for the process.

Stuart Haszeldine, professor of carbon capture and storage at the University of Edinburgh, who was not involved in the study, told CNN that the chemistry was “novel and elegant.”

The process is a modification of one we already know, he said, “which is easier to understand, scale-up and develop than something totally new.”

But there may be regulatory hurdles to surmount. “Disposing of large tonnages of sodium bicarbonate in the ocean could be legally defined as ‘dumping,’ which is banned by international treaties,” Haszeldine said.

Others remain concerned about negative impacts on the oceans, which are already under pressure from climate change, pollution and other human activity.

Peter Styring, professor of chemical engineering and chemistry at the University of Sheffield, told CNN: “Unless you’ve got a full eco-toxic study, then you don’t know what it’s going to do, even at small concentrations.”

Direct air capture also remains expensive and inefficient, Styring said. “This is a big scale problem. Why would you capture from the atmosphere when you’ve got so much coming out of power stations and industrial plants? It just makes sense to go for the high concentrations first,” he said.

Some scientists have expressed concerns that a focus on technology to remove carbon pollution could distract from policies to reduce fossil fuel burning, or could give polluters license to carry on polluting.

But given the scale of the climate crisis, there is a big push from governments and international bodies to scale up this technology.

More research will be needed to understand how the method works at scale, Haszeldine said. But it’s promising, he added, saying “the world needs lots of this type of discovery.”

SenGupta said the technology is ready to be taken out of the lab and trialed. “This is the time to go forward and do something in maybe two or three different places around the world. Let other people get involved, find faults, improve on it, and then proceed accordingly,” he said.Lagos, Nigeria CNN —

Lagos State governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu has temporarily halted his reelection campaign after a train rammed into a public bus in the country’s commercial hub Thursday, killing six people and injuring dozens of others.

The accident happened at a bus stop in the Ikeja area of Lagos, a city of around 20 million people, Lagos state emergency services said in a statement.

Sanwo-Olu tweeted Thursday that 85 passengers comprising state workers were aboard the bus.

“Lagos is in a state of mourning and for the next 3 days, I am suspending all campaign activities. All flags will be flown at half mast and tomorrow all civil servants will work till 12 noon before returning home to be with their loved ones during this trying time,” the governor further said in a series of tweets while calling for blood donations to treat the injured.

The country’s President Muhammadu Buhari described the accident as “distressing and extremely sad,” in a statement on Thursday.

“The accident at the level crossing involving a train and BRT staff bus is distressing and extremely sad. I pray for the souls of the deceased and quick recovery of the injured,” Buhari said while commending Lagos authorities for intervening swiftly at the scene of the collision.

Security guard Ubong Okon witnessed the aftermath of the crash, which happened from about 7 a.m. to 8 a.m. local time (0600 to 0700 GMT).

“I came out to open the gate, then I saw the train and the bus, I looked inside the bus, there were lots of passengers inside, I went inside and saw people with injuries, there was blood everywhere, then I started to help get people inside the bus out.”

Traffic jams are part of daily life in Lagos, where most people drive with little regard for road and safety rules.

In Africa’s most populous nation, many roads are poorly maintained and riven with potholes, leading to accidents that claim thousands of lives every year.

Aviation Minister Hadi Sirika said in a statement that he has directed Nigeria’s safety investigation agency to look into the cause of the accident.A version of this story appeared in the March 10 edition of CNN’s Royal News, a weekly dispatch bringing you the inside track on Britain’s royal family. Sign up here.

CNN —

When the Duke and Duchess of Sussex had their first child, Archie, he wasn’t granted a royal title. It’s not clear whether one was offered by Queen Elizabeth II and refused, or not offered at all. But it raised eyebrows.

That’s because the custom would have been for the monarch to offer a title such as Earl to someone so high up the line of succession. The assumption many made was that Prince Harry and Meghan declined a title to allow their new son to live a more normal life, away from the limelight and official duties.

A royal source at the time didn’t elaborate but pointed out to CNN that Archie would automatically become a prince when his grandfather acceded to the throne. Our hypothesis back then was that any children of the Sussexes would take their royal titles when the time came.

So, when Lilibet Diana was born in 2021, little fuss was made over her lack of official title. But, over time, as tensions escalated between the Sussexes and the rest of the royal family it wasn’t clear if they would still want to align their children to the institution or, perhaps, leave it up to the kids to decide when they were older.

This week, we found out. Confirmation that both Sussex children will use their royal titles was subtly dropped into a short statement from a spokesperson for the couple that read: “I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, March 3 by the (Bishop) of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor.”

Lilibet and her brother, Archie, became eligible to use princess and prince titles when their grandfather acceded the throne. But it was acknowledged for the first time this week.

Buckingham Palace made no official comment amid the ensuing media frenzy questioning why the titles were being reaffirmed now. Some wondered why the Sussexes would want their young children to take the titles when they have been so critical of the monarchy since relocating stateside.

A spokesperson for the couple on Thursday told CNN that the titles were the children’s “birthright,” before adding that the “matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace.”

Meanwhile, a palace source told us that Lilibet’s new title was in line with the precedent established by the 1917 Letters Patent issued by George V, which confer the title of Prince or Princess on the male-line grandchildren of the sovereign.

The implication here is that King Charles III was fully aware and approved of his grandchildren using their titles. Theoretically, if he hadn’t endorsed the move, the King could have stripped their titles away – though that would have required him to issue new Letters Patent to supersede the historical guidance. Despite some previous reports, there has never been any suggestion from the palace that he intended to do so and, frankly, it would only have exacerbated already-fraught family relations.

Archie and Lilibet’s titles have subsequently been updated on the royal family’s website. Under the line of succession to the throne, the “Master” and “Miss” references have been replaced with “Prince Archie of Sussex” and “Princess Lilibet of Sussex” in the rundown at numbers six and seven, respectively, confirming the United States is home to the world’s newest prince and princess.

Announcements

Prince Edward has taken on many duties previously held by Prince Philip, including the development of the Duke of Edinburgh's Awards. Mark Cuthbert/UK Press/Getty Images

Prince Archie and Princess Lilibet’s titles weren’t the only updates to the monarchy’s website this week. On Friday morning, Buckingham Palace announced that the King had conferred the title of Duke of Edinburgh upon his youngest brother, Prince Edward, on the prince’s 59th birthday.

The title – which was previously bestowed upon their father, Prince Philip – will remain with Edward throughout his life and revert to the Crown upon his death. Though he is still technically also the Earl of Forfar, Edward will now use the title of Duke of Edinburgh as it is more senior.

Edward’s wife, Sophie, now becomes the Duchess of Edinburgh, while their son, James, Viscount Severn takes his father’s other previous title of Earl of Wessex. There is no change for the couple’s daughter, Lady Louise Mountbatten-Windsor, due to the centuries-old law of primogeniture, which puts male heirs ahead of women.

Like the acknowledgement of the Sussex children’s titles, Prince Edward’s new title isn’t entirely unexpected. Back when he and Sophie wed in 1999, it had been announced that the dukedom would pass to him following Philip’s death. However, the lack of movement in the two years since his father’s passing sparked speculation over whether it would actually happen.

Prince Edward reflected on his father’s legacy in a chat with us at St. James’ Palace back in 2021. Take a look.

In the royal diary

Charles and Camilla arrive at Westminster Abbey for last year's Commonwealth Day service ceremony. Tolga Akmen/AFP/Getty Images

The royal family will make their way to Westminster Abbey on Monday for the annual Commonwealth Day service. As head of the Commonwealth, the King will be accompanied by the Queen Consort as well as other senior royals, including the Prince and Princess of Wales, the new Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh and Princess Anne and her husband, Vice Admiral Tim Laurence.

Following the service, the royals will return to Buckingham Palace to welcome the Commonwealth secretary-general, high commissioners, foreign affairs ministers and other members of the Commonwealth community for the traditional Commonwealth Day reception.

What else is happening?

Coronation holy oil consecrated in Jerusalem.

The sacred oil that will be used to anoint King Charles III at his May 6 coronation has been consecrated at a Christian holy site in Jerusalem. The “chrism oil” was created using olives harvested from two groves on the Mount of Olives, a mountain ridge to the east of Jerusalem’s Old City, which holds religious importance to Christians. According to Buckingham Palace, olives from the Monastery of Mary Magdalene and the Monastery of the Ascension were pressed just outside Bethlehem, where Christians believe Jesus was born. Read more on this story here.

The chrism oil was consecrated in a special ceremony held by the Patriarch of Jerusalem and the Anglican Archbishop of Jerusalem. Patriarchate of Jerusalem/Buckingham Palace/Reuters

Photo of the week

Steve Reigate/WPA Pool/Getty Images

Catherine, Princess of Wales helps Lance Corporal Jodie Newell tend to a “wounded soldier” in an exercise during her visit to the Irish Guards on Salisbury Plain, southern England, on Wednesday. The Princess of Wales visited the 1st Battalion Irish Guards for the first time since becoming the regiment’s Colonel, to learn about work on the Salisbury Plain Training Area.

“Like many, my mother grew up in a world where HIV was likely a death sentence. Yet, in the midst of all that uncertainty, she led with empathy, finding the humanity in all around her and demonstrating the power of connection in the face of fear.” Prince Harry

The Duke of Sussex sent a message to mark the 40th anniversary of the Terrence Higgins Trust – a HIV and sexual health charity he has been involved with for a number of years and one with which Princess Diana previously worked with closely. Harry added: “While my mother did not live to see the success of today’s treatments, I feel immense pride in being able to continue her advocacy with you.”Washington CNN —

Saudi Arabia is looking to the United States for security guarantees and help with its civilian nuclear program as a condition for normalizing relations with Israel, according to people familiar with the matter, setting up a critical decision that could reshape the political situation in the Middle East.

The discussions are ongoing, and it wasn’t clear precisely what the terms of any agreement might look like, if it ever comes to pass.

Ramping up security guarantees for Saudi Arabia would likely face stiff resistance from some members of Congress, who have called on the Biden administration to downgrade Washington’s relationship with Riyadh.

Still, President Joe Biden has placed importance on normalizing ties between Saudi Arabia and Israel, as has Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, who believe better relations between the two nations could help increase security in the Middle East. Israel and Saudi Arabia have been cultivating unofficial ties for several years, though remain without official diplomatic relations.

“The better the relations between Israel and their Arab neighbors, the better for everybody,” Biden said Friday at the end of a speech about the economy.

Israel has already secured diplomatic agreements with other Arab nations, including Morocco, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates. The Abraham Accords were a signature achievement of the Trump administration and Biden has vowed to build upon them, particularly as Iran’s nuclear program advances.

A spokesman for the US National Security Council declined to confirm Saudi Arabia was seeking security guarantees from the US, which were reported earlier by the Wall Street Journal.

Instead, John Kirby, the strategic communications coordinator at the NSC, pointed to accomplishments Biden secured when he visited Israel and Saudi Arabia over the summer.

“The President’s trip to the region accomplished a lot,” said Kirby, citing an agreement on contested Red Sea islands and a recent announcement by Oman it would allow Israeli overflights.

“We’re going to keep that diplomacy going,” he said.

The State Department did not reply to a request for comment. The Israeli Embassy in Washington had no comment.

The consequences of a US-brokered agreement between Israel and Saudi Arabia could be widespread. It would throw into doubt the future of the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians, which has seen renewed violence in recent weeks under Israel’s right-wing government.

US officials also believe normalizing relations would provide heft to a regional counterweight against Iran, which has advanced its nuclear enrichment over the last year.

Last year, Biden promised Saudi Arabia would suffer “consequences” after the Saudi-led OPEC+ oil cartel unexpectedly announced it would cut production, though the Biden administration has no plans to take proactive steps to punish – let alone significantly reorient its posture toward – the oil-rich Middle East kingdom.

On Friday, Saudi Arabia and Iran announced that they had agreed to reestablish diplomatic ties after seven years of hostility, in a deal between regional archrivals that could have wide-ranging implications for the Middle East.

Riyadh and Tehran plan to reopen their embassies in an agreement mediated by China, a joint statement by Saudi Arabia and Iran said on Friday.

Kirby said Saudi officials had kept the White House informed on the talks as they progressed. But he downplayed Beijing’s role in brokering the agreement, saying the roadmap to reestablishing ties also included talks in Iraq and Oman.CNN —

Russia’s overnight missile attack on Thursday showered Ukraine with an array of missiles, in one of Moscow’s biggest aerial assaults for months.

Nearly half a million people are without power in Kharkiv, Ukraine’s second-largest city, following the latest barrage of strikes, according to the regional governor.

And there are concerns about how effectively Ukraine can stand up to such bombardments.

“They’re sending a very strong signal to everyone in Ukraine, and to perhaps some of our refugees outside of Ukraine, that life is very far from returning to normal despite the fact that over recent weeks there was more quiet,” Alexander Rodnyansky, an economic adviser to Zelensky, told CNN.

But aerial strikes like these are not going to win Russia the war, Western experts say.

“There is a long history of nations trying to win wars through strategic bombardment, to break the will or capacity of an opposing state to resist,” Justin Bronk, senior research fellow for airpower and technology at the London-based Royal United Services Institute (RUSI) think tank, told CNN. “It has an incredibly poor record of success.”

Russia’s limited stockpiles mean it’s unlikely they will force a major breakthrough in the war through the skies, so long as its air force is unable to gain supremacy above Ukraine.

Here’s what you need to know about Russia’s latest missile attacks, and what they mean for the conflict.

What missiles are Russia using?

Russia launched a total of 95 missiles of various types over the past day, 34 of which were intercepted, the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine said in a morning update on Friday, as well as a number of Iranian-made Shahed drones.

That array included cruise missiles that were launched from both the sea and the air; six different kinds were used in the early hours of Thursday morning, according to Valerii Zaluzhnyi, commander in chief of the Ukrainian Armed Forces.

Much attention has been focused on the six launches of Kinzhal air-launched ballistic missiles, which are especially difficult to stop.

The powerful weapon has rarely been seen over the country’s skies. Its first known use in Ukraine was last March and occasionally used since, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS).

Like virtually all ballistic missiles it is hypersonic, which means it travels at least five times the speed of sound, but it is also particularly difficult to detect because it can be launched from MiG-31 fighter jets, giving it a longer range and the ability to attack from multiple directions, and because it can maneuver as it nears its target.

Is this a new strategy?

The use of so many different weapons systems in one night has increasingly become Russia’s preferred method of striking through the skies.

“Over the last six months or so there’s been a trend towards larger gaps between missile raids, but more missiles used at once when they do, to make it harder for defenses to intercept them all,” Bronk said.

That shift has come as Ukraine’s air defenses have become better equipped and more advanced, and as a way of maximizing the impact of each wave of strikes.

“Moscow looks to have been adapting its missile attacks to further complicate the challenge for defenders, with a mix of subsonic cruise missiles, the much higher speed Kinzhal aero-ballistic missiles, and possibly also decoys and other counter-measures,” Douglas Barrie, senior fellow for military aerospace at the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS), said.

The use of hypersonic missiles in particular follows the Kremlin’s years-long push to equip its military with such weaponry – a move that the United States and the West has been less keen to adopt, given the trade-offs in pursuing hypersonic capabilities.

“What you get is a missile that is much harder to intercept and gives your opponent much less warning. What you lose is that it’s much more expensive, and often can only be carried by a much more limited number of platforms,” Bronk explained.

How effective are Ukraine’s air defenses?

Ukraine’s air defense systems did not stand up well enough against Russia’s nuclear-capable Kinzhal missiles, an adviser to President Volodymyr Zelensky said following Thursday’s missile barrage.

“They are using hypersonic missiles. They are using new types of weapons and they are seeing how our air defense systems can cope with it,” Rodnyansky told CNN’s Isa Soares in an interview, adding, “they are not coping well enough.”

Ukraine has adapted to new Russian aerial bombardments in the past, improving their ability to shoot down incoming cruise missiles with surface-to-air defenses and seeing particularly high levels of success against Shahed drones.

“They’ve seen a lot of the potential patterns in terms of routes and the way the Russians plan their missile salvos, so they’ve got better at positioning their air defense teams,” Bronk said. Ukraine’s command and control, and its ability to track incoming strikes – often with the help of Ukrainians via an app – has also grown, he added.

A plume of smoke rises on Thursday morning after Russia launched strikes at Ukraine in the early hours. Twitter

But the Kinzhal provides a specific challenge: It is immune to Ukraine’s air defenses. An air-launched variant of the Iskander short-range ballistic missile (SRBM) which has also, more frequently, been used in Ukraine, the Kinzhal was unveiled by Putin in 2018 as a cornerstone of a modernized Russian arsenal.

“Russia likely developed the unique missile to more easily target critical European infrastructure … (its) speed, in combination with the missile’s erratic flight trajectory and high maneuverability, could complicate interception,” according to a CSIS report.

How much firepower does Russia have left?

While Russia has deployed a handful of missiles that Ukraine is currently unable to stop, it appears unlikely that such attacks will become a regular or decisive feature of the conflict – because, by most Western assessments, Russia is running low on supplies.

Ihnat said that Russia had about 50 Kinzhals to draw upon, the Institute for the Study of War (ISW) noted, meaning it used a significant proportion in one night.

“The Kremlin likely deliberately launched missiles that Ukrainian air defenses cannot intercept to achieve results within the Russian information space despite the dwindling supplies of such missiles,” the ISW wrote in its latest assessment of the conflict, adding that Vladimir Putin “likely used these scarce missiles in fruitless attacks to appease the Russian pro-war and ultranationalist communities.”

“The Russians are getting low on missiles and yet they continue to fire them,” Bronk added, explaining that Moscow can produce somewhere around 40 cruise missiles each month.

Bronk said Moscow appears comfortable running down supplies that would have been theoretically preserved for an attack on Russian soil. But now they are also “getting to a point where they are really low on certain missile types in absolute terms,” he said.

Rescuers carry a body after Russian strikes hit Lviv on Thursday. State Emergency Service of Ukraine in Lviv region via Reuters

Why is Moscow attacking the entire country?

The benefits to Russia in using scant supplies in aerial bombardments appears limited, and seems unlikely to shift momentum in the war – particularly given that Ukraine is through the worst of what turned out to be a mild winter, when Putin had hoped that attacks on energy and electricity supplies would break morale.

“It’s very damaging for Ukraine, but is it likely to cause them to lose the ability to keep fighting the war? No, absolutely not,” Bronk said, assessing the use of such strikes.

But the use of a frustrating if ultimately fruitless tactic is not out of character for a disjointed Russian war effort.

“They don’t really have any military plan beyond outlasting the West’s ability to support the Ukrainian military,” Bronk said. “In other words, just avoid losing on the battlefield for long enough that the West gets tired of supporting them.”

In that context, the strikes serve as a psychological reminder of Russia’s military threat without shifting the balance of the war.

And Putin may foremost be playing to a domestic audience with the strikes, as the ISW suggested, amid growing complaints among Russia’s hawkish military community that his commanders have been too “soft” or ineffective in Ukraine and have struggled to land lasting blows.

“Putin likely attempted to offset these narratives with another missile attack similar to the ones that Russia conducted in the fall of 2022, using advanced missiles to guarantee some damage in Ukraine,” the ISW wrote.CNN —

Uganda’s parliament on Thursday took up a bill that would criminalize identifying as LGBTQ, with lawmakers saying the current ban on same-sex relations does not go far enough.

Anti-LGBTQ sentiment is deeply entrenched in the highly conservative and religious east African nation, with same-sex relations punishable by up to life in prison.

More than 30 African countries ban same-sex relations, but Uganda’s law, if passed, would appear to be the first to criminalize merely identifying as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ), according to Human Rights Watch.

The proposed Ugandan law was introduced as a private lawmaker’s bill and aims to allow the country to fight “threats to the traditional, heterosexual family”, according to a copy seen by Reuters.

It punishes with up to 10 years in prison any person who “holds out as a lesbian, gay, transgender, a queer or any other sexual or gender identity that is contrary to the binary categories of male and female”.

It also criminalizes the “promotion” of homosexuality and “abetting” and “conspiring” to engage in same-sex relations.

Video Ad Feedback Ugandan President: Being gay not a right 04:20 - Source: CNN

The law is similar in some ways to a law passed in 2013 that stiffened some penalties and criminalized lesbianism. It drew widespread international condemnation before it was struck down by a domestic court on procedural grounds.

After the new bill was read in parliament, Speaker Anita Among sent it to a committee for scrutiny and public hearings before it is brought back to the House for debate and a vote.

Among urged members of parliament to reject intimidation, referencing reported threats by some Western countries to impose travel bans against those involved in passing the law.

“This business of intimidating that ‘you will not go to America’, what is America?” she said.

An investigation by a parliamentary committee ordered in January into reports of alleged promotion of homosexuality in schools has already sparked a wave of discrimination and violence against members of the LGBTQ community, activists say.CNN —

The United Nations has released a plan to offload 1 million barrels of oil off a rusting supertanker that has been moored off the coast of Yemen for more than 30 years.

In an attempt to avert what could be one of the worst environmental disasters in history, a very large crude carrier was purchased by the UN to get the oil off the FSO Safer.

The 47-year-old tanker has not been maintained since 2015 because of the conflict in Yemen, the Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) Achim Steiner told a briefing on Thursday.

“A massive spill from the Safer would destroy pristine reefs, coastal mangroves and other sea life across the Red Sea, expose millions of people to highly polluted air, and cut off food, fuel and other life-saving supplies to Yemen, where 17 million people already need food aid,” the UN said on a website dedicated to the issue.

A cleanup from the oil spill would cost $20 billion and would affect 200,000 communities with their livelihoods “wiped out,” UN’s Resident and Humanitarian Coordinator for Yemen, David Gressly, said.

It could touch the African coast, it affect shipping and would cause damage in pristine waters that would not recover for 25 years, Gressly added.

The UN said the FSO Safer supertanker is holding four times the amount of oil spilled by the Exxon Valdez which is “enough to make it the 5th largest oil spill from a tanker in history.”

The new $55-million double hull crude carrier will attempt to move the oil off the FSO Safer in a ‘ship-to-ship’ transfer in May, Steiner said.

The operation has been described by Gressly as “high risk” and “highly complex.” “We’re not quite there yet,” Gressly said, adding that they have already mobilized $95 million for the project but need $34 million more to complete it.

Where the oil will end up after its removed is yet to be decided, but discussions are ongoing, Steiner added.CNN —

Germany was in shock on Friday after a gunman killed six people as well as an unborn child at a Jehovah’s Witnesses center in Hamburg, before turning the gun on himself as police stormed the building.

The attacker, a 35-year old German national, was a former member of the Jehovah Witnesses community, according to Hamburg’s state prosecutor.

German police are still searching for a possible motive after the shooter opened fire on an event attended by 50 people on Thursday evening. ”Hamburg has never seen a mass shooting like this,” Interior Minister Andy Grote said at a press conference on Friday.

The gunman acted alone, Grote said. ”There could have been more victims if police had not intervened so quickly,” he said.

The mother of the unborn baby that was killed survived her gunshot injuries, Hamburg police chief Matthias Tresp told reporters. Police said that four men and two women – all German nationals between the ages of 33 and 60 – died in the attack.

Eight people were wounded, four of them seriously. Police said that among them are six women and two men; six are German nationals, one injured person is from Uganda and one from Ukraine. The victims are not related to the suspected perpetrator, Tresp said.

Suspect was former member of Jehovah’s Witnesses

The suspect left the Jehovah’s Witnesses community about 18 months ago, “apparently not on good terms,” Thomas Radszuweit, a Hamburg security official, told reporters Friday. He was a 35-year-old German national, identified only as Philipp F. in line with German privacy laws.

Philipp F. was a former member of the Jehovah’s Witnesses, but it is unclear if he was excluded from the community or left voluntarily. The suspected shooter was not previously known to authorities in Hamburg, according to Radszuweit. Why the suspect went on the shooting rampage is as yet unknown, he added, and there is no indication of a political motive.

Meanwhile Ralf Peter Anders, spokesman for the Hamburg prosecution’s office, said there was “no indication of a terrorist background” to the attack.

Ralf Martin Meyer, Hamburg’s chief of police, said investigations were ongoing into the mental state of the suspect, adding that it was possible the suspect suffered from mental illness. Meyer said he had been in legal possession of a semi-automatic pistol since December 2022. During the attack the gunman shot nine magazines of ammunition.

Messages of condolence poured in from politicians and religious leaders, with German Chancellor Olaf Scholz denouncing the “brutal act of violence.”

Police were called to the scene at 9:04 p.m. local time (3:04 p.m. ET) Thursday night, Grote said. The first teams arrived at 9:08 p.m. and entered the building three minutes later.

The Jehovah’s Witnesses in Germany said in a statement: “The religious community is deeply saddened by the horrific attack on its members at the Kingdom Hall in Hamburg after a religious service.”

One unidentified witness described the moment the shots rang out in the Thursday evening attack. “We heard shots,” they said as quoted by Reuters news agency. “There were 12 continuous shots. Then we saw how people were taken away in black bags.”

A neighbor of the Jehovah’s Witnesses center in Hamburg told CNN affiliate RTL Germany Friday: “I heard … Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam. And I wondered, ‘who is still working with the jackhammer now?’ That was my first idea because you don’t hear any gunshots [around here].”

Another neighbor told RTL: “We were not at home at all. Our son called us that there had been a shooting across the street at the Jehovah’s Witnesses and he had even filmed parts of it, thinking it was a scare gun.”

Messages of sympathy

Chancellor Scholz led politicians in denouncing the murder spree in the northern German city.

“Several members of a Jehovah community fell victim to a brutal act of violence last night. My thoughts are with them and their loved ones,” he wrote on Twitter.

He later said the country has been left “stunned” by the shooting. Speaking at a trade fair in Munich Friday, the German chancellor highlighted the devastating impact of the “terrible incident” which occurred in his hometown of Hamburg. “We are stunned by this violence,” Scholz said.

Forensics experts leave the Jehovah's Witnesses center in the Alsterdorf district of Hamburg on Friday morning. Christian Charisius/picture alliance/Getty Images

The Kingdom Hall of Jehovah's Witnesses is taped off on Friday after the shooting the night before. Fabian Bimmer/Reuters

EU Commissioner for Home Affairs Ylva Johansson expressed her sorrow, writing on Twitter: “A shocking attack on a church in GrossBorstel, Hamburg last night. My thoughts are with the victims and their families.

“Thanks to @PolizeiHamburg who responded to the attack immediately and with incredible bravery.”

French President Emmanuel Macron also expressed his condolences. “Terrible news from Hamburg,” he said on Twitter Friday. ”I send France’s condolences to the relatives of the victims and to all our German friends. Our thoughts are with them.”

Police secure the area following the deadly shooting in Hamburg on Thursday. NONSTOP NEWS/Reuters

Footage from the scene on Thursday night showed numerous armed police officers inside and around the Kingdom Hall while a helicopter flew overhead. A bomb disposal team was deployed at one point.

The streets around the place of worship were cordoned off, and police earlier warned of “extreme danger” in the area, the spokesperson added. Local residents were urged to stay indoors.

There is “no confirmed information on the motive for the crime,” police said on Twitter as they urged people not to share any unconfirmed assumptions.

Messages of support also came in from Hamburg’s religious communities.

“The news of this bloody crime in Hamburg-Alsterdorf is shocking and leaves me speechless… My deepest sympathy goes to the relatives of the victims,” Father Sascha-Philipp Geissler, a senior member of Hamburg’s Catholic diocese, said in a statement.

Tighter gun ownership laws

Shootings in Germany are not unheard of, though rarer than in the United States. According to statistics published by the country’s National Firearms Register in 2013, Germany has, per capita, the fourth-highest gun ownership of any nation. However, its strict laws mean they are largely kept out of the public eye.

German citizens require a weapons possession card to own or buy a gun and a weapons license to use or carry a loaded gun. Hunters do not need a weapons license as long as they have a hunting license.

Gun control laws in Germany have been further tightened in recent years after several shooting incidents. A new Weapons Act was introduced in 2003 after a school shooting in Erfurt that left 16 people dead.

In January 2022, at least one person was killed after a man opened fire on students in a lecture hall at Heidelberg University in southwestern Germany.

And in 2020, a mass shooting at two shisha bars in Hanau killed several people.

Clarification: This story has been updated to clarify the number of victims after further information from police – six people and an unborn child.CNN —

An Australian judge has been widely criticized for asking a breastfeeding mother to leave a public gallery in his courtroom and then defending his decision as “self-explanatory.”

Mark Gamble, a judge in the County Court of Victoria, told the woman, who was feeding her child under a blanket while observing the trial, that she needed to leave because it might be “distraction for the jury,” CNN affiliate 9News reported.

The news network reported that the woman, who wished to remain anonymous, told a local newspaper she felt shocked and degraded and started crying after leaving the courtroom in Melbourne.

Naomi Hull of the Australian Breastfeeding Association told 9News she was “completely shocked” by the incident.

“It’s really disappointing to hear that this kind of thing is still happening,” she added.

Ingrid Stitt, minister for early childhood in the state of Victoria, said she understood the state’s attorney-general would talk to the courts about the issue, CNN affiliate 7News reported.

“I mean, it’s 2023 for goodness sake, and women should never (feel) that they can’t actually feed their child, which is perfectly natural and a pretty basic thing,” she said.

“We need to be able to make women feel that there’s nothing wrong with them caring for their child, including feeding their child in public places.”

Gamble later explained the decision to the jury, who were not in the courtroom when he asked the woman to leave.

“It should all be self-explanatory, members of the jury,” he said, according to 9News.

“What I said was this, and I am reading from the transcripts: ‘Madam, you will not be permitted to breastfeed a baby in court. I’m sorry. I will have to ask you to leave. It will be a distraction for the jury at the very least. Thank you,’” he added.

In 2016, the Australian Parliament changed its rules to allow female lawmakers to nurse their infants in the chamber, and in 2017, then-Queensland Sen. Larissa Waters became the first person to breastfeed in federal parliament.

According to the Australian Breastfeeding Association, “a mother’s right to breastfeed her child is protected by law both federally and in every State and Territory,” and under the country’s federal Sex Discrimination Act 1984, it is illegal to discriminate against a person either directly or indirectly on the grounds of breastfeeding.

In the state of Victoria, discrimination due to breastfeeding is illegal in the areas of “accommodation, clubs, education, employment, goods and services, selling and transferring land, and sport,” the association adds, though it does not mention courtrooms specifically.

CNN has reached out to the County Court of Victoria for comment.CNN —

Georgia’s parliament on Friday formally revoked a controversial “foreign influence” bill that sparked major protests amid concerns that it resembled Russian laws used to stifle political dissent.

Georgian lawmakers voted against the bill in its second reading by a margin of 35 to one, according to Georgia’s public broadcaster First Channel.

Friday’s vote came a day after the country’s ruling party announced it would scrap the proposed legislation, hours after tens of thousands of people rallied outside the Georgian parliament for a second night of protests. Senior officials in the US and the European Union also expressed concern over the bill.

The controversial legislation would have required organizations receiving 20% or more of their annual income from abroad to register as “foreign agents” or face heavy fines – a proposal that rights experts warned would have a chilling effect on civil society in the country and damage its democracy.

Georgian lawmakers formally repealed a controversial "foreign influence" bill on March 10, 2023, after widespread demonstrations against the proposed legislation rocked parts of the country. Parliament of Georgia/Reuters

A demonstrator in Georgia, pictured on March 9, 2023, wears an EU flag during a protest against the proposed "foreign agents" bill. Zurab Javakhadze/Reuters

Georgia won its independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, and has since sought to strike a diplomatic balance between its citizens’ pro-European stance and the geopolitical ambitions of its powerful neighbor, Russia.

Western leaders welcomed Thursday’s decision to shelve the bill, with the European Union’s office in Georgia saying it encouraged lawmakers in the country “to resume pro-EU reforms.” Though Georgia was not granted EU candidacy status after applying for membership in March 2022, the European Council has expressed readiness to grant that status if the country implements certain reforms.

Meanwhile, Moscow said Friday it is closely monitoring so called “provocations” in Georgia with “great concern” after mass protests there forced a the controversial proposed law to be quashed.

Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters that Georgia’s decision to withdraw the bill is “fraught with provocations” and denied Russian influence in proposing the Putin-style “foreign agents” bill.

“The situation that served as a trigger for these popular unrest and insurgent manifestations has nothing to do with the Russian Federation,” said Peskov, adding that “Russia has nothing to do with it either in essence or in form. We do not interfere in internal Georgian affairs.”

Peskov instead alleged US interference in Georgian affairs, and claimed Washington was “diligently trying to again add an anti-Russian element to it.”

Fight ‘not over’

Protesters outside the Georgian parliament welcomed the withdrawal of the bill, but said they will continue to fight for their country to join the EU in the form of a 12-point plan.

“This is a victory for our people … we were dispersed many times, but we returned with a common European and national idea. The main demand of this protest was to fail this bill, but our aspiration is that Georgia should become a member of the European Union,” said Tamar Jakeli, one of the protest organizers, according to First Channel.

Georgian protesters celebrate outside the parliament as lawmakers vote to call off controversial "foreign agent" bill on Friday March 10, 2023. Vano Shlamov/AFP/Getty Images

Human Rights Watch (HRW) Associate Director Giorgi Gogia warned earlier that “the fight is likely not over.”

“Ruling party leader just spoke blaming critical media & independent groups for polarization in the country, attempting to discredit them,” Gogia, associate director for HRW’s Europe and Central Asia division, tweeted Friday.

Gogia had said that the proposed legislation was a clear threat to human rights in Georgia.CNN —

As Russian missiles rained down on Ukraine in February last year, another grim tale was unfolding on the sidelines: Foreign students, mostly African and Asian, seeking to flee to bordering nations recounted an ordeal of segregation and racism at Ukraine’s borders.

One African medical student told CNN at the time that she and other foreigners were ordered off a public transit bus at a border checkpoint between Ukraine and Poland and asked to stand aside as the bus drove off with only Ukrainian nationals on board.

The Border Guard Service of Ukraine told CNN at the time that allegations of segregation at the borders were untrue.

More than 70,000 international students were studying in Ukraine when the war began, many of them attracted by its strong reputation for medical courses and tuition, with expenses much lower than in programs in other Western nations.

One year on, some of the students tell CNN they are stuck in limbo, unable to continue their education. Others say they are being forced to head back to the war-torn country in order to graduate.

Korrine Sky, 26, a British-Zimbabwean citizen who was in the second year of a medical degree at Ukraine’s Dnipro Medical Institute when the war broke out, is one of those whose studies are now on hold.

Speaking to CNN last month, Sky said she was among those who faced segregation at the Ukrainian-Romanian border as they tried to flee.

“We were kicked out of the initial car queue that we were in and told to go stand in a pedestrian queue that was only Black people, Asian people and Middle Eastern people… it took like 10 hours and we knew it was racism because everyone who was White was expedited to go first,” Sky said.

Korrine Sky was in the second year of a medical degree at Ukraine's Dnipro Medical Institute when the war broke out. Korrine Sky

While hundreds of students were evacuated from Ukraine by their own countries, some stayed in the bordering European nations to which they had fled.

Many are yet to be granted refugee status, said Sky, who says she has been in contact with some foreign students.

“Some were given between six months to one-year visas. As of February and March, a lot of the visas that they were granted at the start of the war, will be running out. So, they’ll be facing deportation. A lot of them have decided to go back to Ukraine,” Sky told CNN in a phone call from her home in Leicester, England.

“There’s also a large portion of students who’ve now gone back to Ukraine because their universities weren’t offering transcripts unless they return,” she added.

Sky says she was told by Ukraine’s First Deputy Minister Vitrenko Andrii that transcripts – the formal records of students’ academic results – can only be obtained in person.

“I got to speak to Ukraine’s Minister of Education in September last year at an Education Summit in New York,” she said.

“His response was that the Ukrainian schooling system is quite old-fashioned in the sense that a lot of these transcripts are actual physical documents domiciled in the Dean’s office. So, they’re working to digitalize transcripts, so that people can access them online… but I never heard anything,” said Sky.

CNN has contacted the Ministry of Education and the minister for comment.

‘For Ukrainians only’

Sky now campaigns by writing letters to policy makers and governing bodies to get equal access to higher education for refugee students.

After fleeing the conflict, she said she hoped to complete her education at other European universities that had offered a place to international students displaced by the Russian war.

“There were articles from different universities saying that they were offering scholarships and different opportunities for students who are studying in Ukraine. We were optimistic that maybe we’ll be able to transfer since we can’t go back to Ukraine,” Sky said.

However, her hopes were soon dashed after she discovered the scholarship opportunities were reserved mainly for Ukrainian students.

“That’s the same sentiments we’d had when we were trying to get on the buses and the trains (while fleeing the war) … It was Ukrainians only. No one seems to even have a single bit of empathy that our lives have been completely disrupted,” she said.

Sky added that back in the UK, she wrote letters to members of parliament and to universities to try to continue her studies but has been unsuccessful so far.

She puts it down to compassion fatigue due to the current state of the world, saying “There’s a lot going on in the world at the moment… so we are lower down in the list of priorities.”

Mandatory exams

Some of the foreign students are now protesting because some Ukrainian universities are mandating them to return in March to complete exams before they can graduate.

“Organizers of the exams are perfectly aware of the risks associated with traveling to Ukraine as a result of daily missile attacks and the war. No insurance is currently working in Ukraine, and there are no direct flights to Ukraine, so most of the students from non-EU countries cannot even arrive in Ukraine before the exam,” a statement signed by the students said.

Students say they are also directed to fill out a consent form taking responsibility for all risks involved in traveling to Ukraine.

“I am aware of the risks associated with crossing the state border of Ukraine and staying in Ukraine while taking the integrated test-exam ‘KROK 2’ … I am aware that I am responsible for my safety and life during my stay in Ukraine,” stated part of the consent form issued by Kyiv Medical University to its students, and seen by CNN.

CNN has contacted Kyiv Medical University for comment.

Final-year Nigerian medical student Oluwayemisi Folu-Ojo, 23, told CNN the Ternopil National Medical University in western Ukraine is one of at least five Ukrainian schools asking students to return to campus.

The exam known as Krok 2 is part of a series of qualifying exams for final-year medical students.

It was initially waived by Ukraine’s health ministry after the war began, says 25-year-old Adetomiwa Adeniyi, also from Nigeria, who was one semester ahead of Folu-Ojo in Ternopil when the war broke out and only had a few months of studies remaining.

“I was able to do the final three to four months online and we had a graduation ceremony online,” Adeniyi told CNN. “For our set, they waived the (Krok 2) exam. We only wrote school and state exams online.”

In an email to CNN, the office of the Dean of International Students Faculty at the Ternopil National Medical University said the exam was being organized by Ukraine’s health ministry and not the school.

“The aforementioned Ministry is organizing the exam on March 14, 2023, for those graduates of medical universities who are currently in Ukraine or have the opportunity to arrive in Ukraine on this date,” the dean’s office said, adding that, “for those international students, who cannot come to our country, the Ministry plans to organize the Step 2 exam at a later date, outside of Ukraine.”

No timeline was provided for facilitating the exam outside Ukraine.

CNN has contacted Ukraine’s ministry of health for further comments.

Oyindamola Morenikeji pictured at the Romanian border after crossing from Ukraine in March 2022 Oyindamola Morenikeji

Some who graduated online from university in Ukraine say they are not faring much better.

Adeniyi is unable to practice as a doctor in Nigeria because Nigeria’s medical council (MDCN) does not recognize medical degrees acquired digitally.

He says he might be forced to repeat his final year in a Nigerian university or find a country abroad that will allow him to practice.

For fourth-year medical student Oyindamola Morenikeji from Nigeria, “everything is just at a standstill.”

“It feels like everything is on hold; my education, my plans for my career, my future… There aren’t a lot of choices available to me for now,” she told CNN of her failed attempts to transfer to another European school.

The 23-year-old said her family did not find it easy to fund her education in Ukraine, which she said cost around $4,000 per year.

“I could see that they were denying themselves quite a lot of things to send me to school because they were trying to fulfill my dream of becoming a doctor. They took loans quite a few times,” she said.

Morenikeji says she is considering applying to a Nigerian nursing school and starting all over again but is worried about the financial toll on her family.

“They had already thought they’d paid my fees up to the fourth year with two more years to go. But now, they have to pay for extra three to four years of school fees, so it’s like they are starting all over again. It feels like when they were close to the final point, everything came crashing,” she said.CNN —

The daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, Lilibet, has been christened, a spokesperson for the couple said Wednesday.

“I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, March 3 by the Archbishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor,” they told CNN.

People magazine reported that Lilibet’s parents invited King Charles, Queen Consort Camilla, Prince William and Catherine, Princess of Wales to the event but they did not attend.

This announcement marks the first time the title of princess has been used publicly for Lilibet. She is entitled to it under the usual protocol as a male-line grandchild of the monarch.

Video Ad Feedback Foster: Harry and Meghan's new baby's name a nod to the Queen 01:16 - Source: CNN

When Lilibet was born in June 2021, her great-grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II, was still on the throne. It was only when her grandfather, Charles, became monarch that she became entitled to be known as princess.

Although the Buckingham Palace website currently doesn’t reflect this, a source told CNN that the site will be updated in due course.

Correction: The headline on this story, which originally stated that the christening took place in Los Angeles, has been updated. The Sussexes' spokesperson confirmed the christening was carried out by the Archbishop of Los Angeles but did not give a location.CNN —

Tens of thousands of people gathered outside the Georgian parliament on Wednesday in the second day of protests in capital city Tbilisi over a draft “foreign agents” bill that critics fear could drive a wedge between the Caucasian nation and Europe.

Protesters could be seen waving the flag of the European Union – which Georgia applied to join last year – and those of the United States and Ukraine, as well as the Georgian flag. Social media videos also showed some protesters throwing stones at the building’s windows and attempting to break a protective barrier, with police deploying water cannon and tear gas.

The controversial bill would require organizations receiving 20 percent or more of their annual income from abroad to register as “foreign agents” or face heavy fines – a proposal that rights experts warn will pose a chilling effect to civil society in the country and damage its democracy.

The ruling Georgian Dream party has said that the bill is modeled on US legislation, Reuters reports. But critics say it evokes a controversial law in neighboring Russia that forms the basis of draconian restrictions and requirements on organizations and individuals with foreign ties.

The bill passed a first reading on Tuesday in the legislature and faces several further steps before becoming law. Its ultimate passage is considered likely, however, as the bill has strong support among lawmakers.

In a statement on Wednesday, the Georgian Interior Ministry called “on the protesters, organizers and political leaders not to go beyond the limits defined by the law on freedom of assembly and expression.”

At least 76 people have been arrested in connection to Tuesday’s protests.

Georgian riot police stand outside Georgia's Parliament in Tbilisi early on March 9, 2023. Vano Shlamov/AFP/Getty Images

A protesters wave the Georgian, Ukrainian and European flags outside Georgia's Parliament in Tbilisi on March 8, 2023. Vano Shlamov/AFP/Getty Images

Georgia’s balancing act

Georgia has long played a delicate balancing act between citizens’ pro-European sentiment and the geopolitical aims of its powerful neighbor, Russia.

But an EU statement Tuesday warned that the law would be “incompatible with EU values and standards” and could have “serious repercussions on our relations.”

Georgian President Salome Zourabichvili said she believed that the bill “looks very much like Russian politics.”

“There is no need for this law, it comes from nowhere. Nobody has asked for it,” Zourabichvili told CNN’s Isa Soares Wednesday.

Zourabichvili has vowed to veto the bill. But supreme executive power lies with the government headed by Prime Minister Irakli Garibashvili.

Georgia applied for EU membership in March 2022. Though it was not granted candidacy status, the European Council has expressed readiness to grant that status if Georgia implements certain reforms.

“For Georgia, there has been certain conditions that are very much linked to the democratic credentials for democratic reforms,” European Union Vice Commissioner Maroš Šefčovič told CNN.

The bloc’s member states have since “had very intense discussions” about Georgia’s candidacy, Šefčovič said, speaking to CNN’s Richard Quest on Wednesday.

The US has said it is “deeply troubled” by the bill, with State Department spokesman Ned Price on Wednesday describing it as “Kremlin-inspired.”

“Parliament’s advancing of these Kremlin-inspired draft laws is incompatible with the people of Georgia’s clear desire for European integration and its democratic development,” Price said.

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky meanwhile addressed Georgian protesters directly, thanking them on Wednesday for raising his country’s flag during the demonstrations and wishing them “democratic success.”

“I want to thank everyone who has been holding Ukrainian flags in the squares and streets of Georgia these days,” Zelensky said.

“We want to be in the European Union and we will be. We want Georgia to be in the European Union, and I am sure it will be,” Zelensky added later. “We want Moldova to be in the European Union, and I am sure it will be. All free peoples of Europe deserve this.”London CNN —

The UK government has insisted a controversial plan aimed at blocking undocumented migrants from entering the country on small boats is legal, despite criticism from the United Nations and other global bodies.

British Home Secretary Suella Braverman introduced an illegal immigration bill this week aimed at tackling people crossing the English Channel to reach the UK, which if passed “would amount to an asylum ban,” the UN refugee agency (UNHCR) said in a statement.

The UK government has made stopping small boats arriving a top priority. Under the plans, those arriving via this route face detention and deportation. Those removed will be banned from returning.

About 40 migrants, pictured on July 11, 2022, carry an inflatable boat toward the water before they attempt to cross the English Channel from northern France to reach Britain. Denis Charlet/AFP/Getty Images/FILE

But the UNHCR said Tuesday the bill would be a “clear breach” of the 1951 Refugee Convention, which defines refugees as those who are seeking refuge from persecution. It also gives them the right to not be sent back home into harm’s way, except under extreme circumstances.

“Most people fleeing war and persecution are simply unable to access the required passports and visas. There are no safe and ‘legal’ routes available to them. Denying them access to asylum on this basis undermines the very purpose for which the Refugee Convention was established,” added the statement from the agency.

A national debate

An increasing number of refugees and migrants fleeing conflict, persecution and poverty risk the perilous crossing between Britain and France every year, inflaming a national debate on the issue of migrant crossings to the UK.

Tens of thousands of people travel in dinghies unfit for the voyage, and at the mercy of people smugglers, hoping to claim asylum or economic opportunities in the UK. In 2022, 45,755 people crossed the Channel in small boats, according to UK government data. More than 3,000 people have already made the crossing this year.

In December, at least four people died after a small boat likely to be carrying migrants capsized in the English Channel. The previous year, 27 people drowned in bitterly cold waters off the coast of France, in one of the deadliest incidents in the Channel in recent years.

It has prompted the UK government to adopt increasingly hardline policies, a move that has been roundly condemned by humanitarian bodies and NGOs.

“The government’s new legislation ignores the fundamental point that most of the people in small boats are men, women and children escaping terror and bloodshed from countries including Afghanistan, Iran and Syria,” Enver Solomon, CEO of the charity Refugee Council, said to CNN in a statement.

“We need an approach that replaces the chaos and cost of what we have now and focuses on compassion and competence, creating safe and orderly routes for refugees to reach the UK, such as refugee visas, and always give people a fair hearing so their rights are respected.”

Home secretary Braverman spoke to UK broadcasters on Wednesday to defend the plans, facing questions on everything from their feasibility to how they would apply to the high-profile case of Mo Farah, an Olympian who was trafficked into the UK as a child.

Playing down concerns the law would breach international agreements, Braverman told Sky News it is “not breaking the law.”

British Home Secretary Suella Braverman, pictured Tuesday, played down concerns that a controversial new bill to tackle illegal immigration is legally tenuous. Leon Neal/Pool/AFP/Getty Images

Her comments come despite that, when setting out the policy on Tuesday, she said she could not make a “definitive statement of compatibility” with human rights laws.

Meanwhile, British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has vowed to “fight” any legal challenge to the UK government’s controversial new immigration law. He also played down concerns that the bill breached the UK’s obligations under the European Convention of Human Rights.

This is the latest in the Conservative government’s campaign to crack down on Channel crossings.

Last year, the UK government announced a scheme which would see asylum seekers deemed to have entered the UK illegally sent to Rwanda to have their asylum claims processed.

The first planned deportation flight to Rwanda was blocked under the European Convention of Human Rights, a major point of contention in post-Brexit British politics.

However, the controversial policy was deemed lawful by the country’s High Court in December.Sign up for CNN’s Wonder Theory science newsletter. Explore the universe with news on fascinating discoveries, scientific advancements and more.

CNN —

The space race has expanded to new frontiers in recent years, moving into business, tourism … and now cinema.

Russian film makers on Tuesday released a trailer for “The Challenge,” which became the first ever feature film to be shot in space in 2021.

The trailer outlines the movie’s plot: A surgeon, Zhenya, played by Russian actress Yulia Peresild, has to perform heart surgery on a sick cosmonaut in space because he is unable to return to Earth for treatment. The patient is portrayed by real-life cosmonaut Oleg Novitskiy.

Yulia Peresild, Anton Shkaplerov and Klim Shipenko pose for a portrait. Shutterstock

Produced by the Yellow, Black and White studio and Channel One Russia – a state-controlled TV station – alongside the country’s space agency, Roscomos, “the movie is aimed to popularize Russia’s space activities, as well as glorify (the) cosmonaut profession,” a statement announcing the project read.

Peresild and producer-director Klim Shipenko traveled to the International Space Station (ISS) – 250 miles above earth – alongside veteran Russian cosmonaut Anton Shkaplerov in October 2021 and filmed the movie over the course of 12 days.

Peresild was selected to star in the movie after Roscomos posted an open casting call in November 2020. In addition to providing an audition tape, prospective stars had to undergo medical, psychological and physical tests to ensure they could cope with the demands of space travel.

Just a few months after shooting on the ISS wrapped, Russia invaded Ukraine and later announced in July 2022 that it was planning to leave the space station – which it operates in partnership with NASA – after 2024.

Although “The Challenge” is the first feature-length film to be shot in space, it’s not the first project to be filmed aboard the ISS. Previous films include a 2002 IMAX documentary narrated by Tom Cruise and a 2012 eight-minute science fiction film by entrepreneur and space tourist Richard Garriott.

Cruise and director Doug Liman had hoped to nab the prize of first feature film shot in space, revealing in 2020 that they were working on a project in tandem with NASA and Elon Musk’s Space X.

“The Challenge” will be released on April 12.CNN —

Ukraine has denied any involvement in the sabotage of the Nord Stream pipelines following a media report citing new intelligence that a “pro-Ukrainian group” may have been behind last year’s attack targeting Russia’s gas deliveries to Europe.

The dismissal by a senior Ukrainian official on Tuesday came in response to a report by the New York Times, which cited new intelligence that had been reviewed by United States officials.

“Although I enjoy collecting amusing conspiracy theories about (the Ukrainian) government, I have to say: (Ukraine) has nothing to do with the Baltic Sea mishap and has no information about ‘pro-(Ukraine) sabotage groups,’” Mykhailo Podolyak, top adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, wrote on Twitter.

The New York Times said the new intelligence reviewed by US officials suggested a group loyal to Ukraine but acting independently of the government in Kyiv were involved in the operation.

Mystery has surrounded who might be responsible for the brazen sabotage last September which damaged two pipes transporting Russian gas into the European Union and targeted a crucial source of revenue for Moscow. Both pipelines were closed at the time of the attack, which came months after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.

A source familiar with the US intelligence told CNN the assessment was not made with high confidence and is not the predominant view of the intelligence community, and that the US has not yet identified a culprit for the attack.

There is a section of the US intelligence community that believes that pro-Ukrainian actors would have had the motive to sabotage the pipelines because of how Russia was weaponizing them against Ukraine and Europe.

The intelligence community has no evidence, however, that Ukrainian leaders, including Zelensky, had any knowledge of or involvement in the pipeline sabotage, the source said.

German defense minister Boris Pistorius on Wednesday warned of drawing conclusions too hastily following the report. In an interview with public radio station Deutschlandfunk (DLF), he added that the chance of a false flag operation was within the realm of possibilities.

“It could just as well be, and this has also been made clear in the reports, that it was a false flag action (operation), in other words, to blame pro-Ukrainian groups and make it look that way, the probability of one or the other is equally high, so we must now wait and see how things develop,” he told DLF.

“It does not help us to think about the impact this would have on our support for Ukraine on the basis of such research, which has undoubtedly been done painstakingly and meticulously.”

NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg also said no perpetrator had yet been identified. “We have not been able to determine who was behind [the sabotage],” he said, adding, “There are ongoing national investigations and I think it’s right to wait until those are finalized before we say anything more.”

Gas bubbles from the Nord Stream 2 leak reach the surface of the Baltic Sea near Bornholm, Denmark on September 27, 2022. Danish Defence Command/Reuters/FILE

New twist in energy standoff

The incident, in which underwater explosions occurred before the pipelines burst in several places, remains a major point of contention between Russia and the West.

The pipelines which link Russia and Germany via the Baltic Sea to funnel gas from Russia into the European Union were controversial long before the Kremlin waged war on Ukraine, largely because of fears around European reliance on Russian energy.

Their damage became yet another twist in the energy standoff that erupted after the invasion as Europe sought to wean itself from Russian fuel.

Russia, which has in the past publicly denied it was involved in striking the pipelines and blamed the West for the explosions, also pushed back on the latest assessment surfacing in the media.

A Kremlin spokesman described the report as “obvious misinformation campaign coordinated by the media.”

“Clearly, the authors of the attack want to divert attention. This is an obvious misinformation campaign coordinated by the media,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told Russian state media RIA Novosti on Wednesday.

Multiple investigations by European authorities are on-going.

Swedish prosecutors in November confirmed the blasts at the pipelines were an act of sabotage after investigators uncovered evidence of explosives at the sites, but their preliminary investigation had yet to determine any charges.

Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, US National Security Council coordinator for strategic communications John Kirby referred questions to investigating Europeans authorities and said he was “not going to get ahead of that investigative work.”

“Several our European partners – in fact, three of them in Germany, Sweden and Denmark – have already opened investigations into what happened with the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, and those investigations are not closed. They’re still hard at work on that,” Kirby said.

The German prosecutors’ office told CNN Wednesday they searched a boat in January that was suspected of carrying explosives used in the Nordstream 1 and 2 explosions. It said investigations were ongoing, and reliable statements cannot be issued yet, particularly as to whether there was any state involvement.

In the days following the incident, sightings of Russian vessels operating in the area where the leaks occured raised suspicions about the potential involvement of Russia, which at that time drew attention from both European and US officials as the only actor in the region believed to have both the capability and motivation to deliberately damage the pipelines.

So far, no evidence has been presented to the public as to which parties are responsible.

During a meeting of G20 Foreign Ministers in New Delhi earlier this month, Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov insisted on the necessity of a “fair and prompt investigation” into the explosions.London CNN —

Protests erupted in Tbilisi on Tuesday after Georgia’s parliament passed the first reading of a controversial draft law that would require some organizations receiving foreign funding to register as “foreign agents.” Rights groups have criticized the law as curtailing basic freedoms in the country.

The court session was broadcast live on the legislature’s website.

“76 votes for, 13 against. The bill was adopted in the first reading,” said Speaker of the Parliament Shalva Papuashvili.

The bill must pass further readings in parliament to become law, but so far appears to have broad support among Georgian lawmakers despite criticism domestically and abroad.

Thousands of protesters could be seen outside the parliament building on Tuesday night, holding not just the Georgian flag but also European Union flags.

Some threw stones and petrol bombs, as security forces responded with tear gas and water cannon. Video posted on social media also showed protesters storming a barricade at the entrance to the parliament building and tearing it down.

A woman affected by tear gas receives medical aid during a rally against the "foreign agents" law in Tbilisi, Georgia, March 7. Zurab Javakhadze/Reuters

There are fears the law could impede the country’s hopes of closer ties with the European Union.

The President of Georgia, Salome Zourabichvili, threw her support behind protesters, in a video message posted on Facebook, saying “the path of European integration must be protected. Those who support this law today, all those who voted for this law today are violating the Constitution. All of them are alienating us from Europe,” she said.

She said she would repeal the law if it crossed her desk. However, the ruling Dream Party has the parliamentary majority to overcome a presidential veto, according to Human Rights Watch.

“I said on day one that I would veto this law, and I will do that,” Zourabichvili said in the video.

Protesters gather in front of police officers, who block the way during a rally against the "foreign agents" law in Tbilisi, Georgia, March 7, 2023. Zurab Javakhadze/Reuters

Georgia’s Interior Ministry asked protesters to disperse, warning that “legal measures” would be taken to restore calm. A total of 66 people were detained and charged with offenses ranging from petty hooliganism and disobedience to police, the country’s public broadcaster First Channel reported Wednesday.

The ministry said the protest went beyond the framework of a peaceful assembly and turned into violence, according to First Channel. The protesters tried to block the parliament building’s entrances, threw stones, smashed glasses, and damaged iron fences, according to First Channel.

Police were forced to use proportional force to restore public order, the ministry said, according to Fist Channel.

Protesters’ chants, with insults aimed at both Georgian politicians and Russian President Vladimir Putin, underline fears that the bill follows the model of a controversial law in neighboring Russia that has already imposed draconian restrictions and requirements on organizations and individuals with foreign ties.

President Zourabichvili called it “an unnecessary law that did not come out of nowhere, but was dictated by Moscow,” telling protesters that she was “standing next to you because you are the very people who represent free Georgia today. The Georgia which sees its future in Europe and will not let anyone take this future away from it.”

The Georgian bill has been widely criticized as posing a potential chilling effect for Georgian civil society, and particularly NGOs and news organizations with links to Europe.

Video Ad Feedback Politicians in this country next to Russia want to pass controversial law. A fight broke out in parliament 01:00 - Source: CNN

Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International have said that the bill would impede rights to freedom of expression and association in the country with onerous financial reporting requirements.

“The ‘foreign agent’ bills seek to marginalize and discredit independent, foreign-funded groups and media that serve the wider public interest in Georgia,” said Hugh Williamson, Europe and Central Asia director at Human Rights Watch.

An EU statement Tuesday warned that the law would be “incompatible with EU values and standards” and could have “serious repercussions on our relations.”

In February, US State Department spokesperson Ned Price also said that “anyone voting for this draft legislation” could also imperil Georgia’s relationship with Europe and the West.

The former Soviet republic has played a balancing act between its citizens’ pro-European sentiment and its regional positioning next to Russia. Former Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said in 2011 that had Russia not invaded Georgia in 2008, NATO would have expanded into Georgia.

The invasion only lasted a couple days, but it appeared to have the same pretext Russian President Vladimir Putin used to invade Ukraine in 2014 and last year, writes think tank European Council on Foreign Relations (ECFR).

“In the last few years, and especially over the past 18 months, Georgia’s ruling coalition has made a series of moves that seem designed to distance the country from the West and shift it gradually into Russia’s sphere of influence,” ECFR writes in a report where it attributes much of the drift to the ruling Georgian Dream party.Editor’s Note: A version of this story first appeared in CNN’s Meanwhile in the Middle East newsletter, a three-times-a-week look inside the region’s biggest stories. Sign up here.

Abu Dhabi, UAE CNN —

Saudi Arabia and Iran announced on Friday that they had agreed to reestablish diplomatic ties after seven years of hostility, in a deal between the regional archrivals that could have wide-ranging implications for the Middle East.

Riyadh and Tehran plan to reopen their embassies within two months in an agreement mediated by China, Saudi Arabia and Iran said in a joint statement after talks in Beijing on Friday.

They also plan to reimplement a security pact signed 22 years ago under which both parties agreed to cooperate on terrorism, drug-smuggling and money-laundering, as well as reviving a trade and technology deal from 1998.

Friday’s announcement is also a diplomatic victory for China in a Gulf region that has long been considered part of the US’ domain of influence. It comes as the Biden administration tries to notch its own win in the Middle East by trying to broker a normalization pact between Israel and Saudi Arabia.

Talks had been ongoing since March 6 in Beijing between Iranian national security chief Ali Shamkhani, Saudi national security council adviser Mosaed Bin Mohammad Al-Aiban and China’s top diplomat Wang Yi, according to Iranian state media.

Video of the signing ceremony aired by Iranian media showed officials seated around tables on opposite sides with the Saudi Arabian, Iranian and Chinese flags around them.

“We will continue to play a constructive role in properly handling hotspot issues in today’s world in accordance with the wishes of all countries and demonstrate our responsibility as a major country,” Wang said, adding that Chinese President Xi Jinping supported it since the beginning.

In an apparent push back to American influence, Wang said that “the world is not limited to the Ukraine issue” while emphasizing that the fate of the Middle East should be determined by the people of the Middle East.

“The foreign ministers of the two countries will meet each other to implement this decision and make necessary arrangements for the exchange of ambassadors,” the joint statement said. “The two sides agree to respect the sovereignty and non-interference in each other’s internal affairs.”

Saudi Arabia and Iran had previously held talks aimed at reconciliation in Oman and Iraq.

Riyadh severed ties with Tehran in 2016 after Iranian protesters stormed the Saudi embassy in the Iranian capital following the execution of a Shi’ite cleric in Saudi Arabia. Since then, they have fought a proxy war that has embroiled a number of neighboring countries, bringing the region ever closer to war.

In Yemen, the two countries have supported opposite sides of a civil war that has been described by the United Nations as one the world’s worst humanitarian crises. From there, the Houthi rebels have fired missiles at both Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, targeting oil infrastructure that is vital to their economies.

Saudi Arabia has however been engaged in direct talks with the Houthis, and an unofficial ceasefire appears to be holding.

In a speech prior to the signing of the agreement with his Iranian counterpart, Saudi Arabia’s Al-Aiban called for non-interference in the sovereignty of states to be a “fundamental pillar for the development of relations.”

“We value what we have reached and we hope that we will continue the constructive dialogue, in accordance with the pillars and foundations included in the agreement,” he said.

Iranian Foreign Minister Hossein Amir-Abdollahian hailed the deal and said Tehran would step up its diplomatic efforts in the region.

“Iran and Saudi Arabia relations returning to normal makes the two countries, the region and the Muslim world stronger,” Amir-Abdollahian tweeted on Friday.

Tehran finds itself increasingly isolated on the global stage. Talks to revive Iran’s 2015 nuclear pact with world powers are frozen and relations with Western states have faced further strains due to the Islamic Republic’s brutal crackdown on protests that started in September.

Iran’s main international ally Russia is preoccupied with the war in Ukraine, while China, its other ally, has lately been courting Tehran’s archrival Saudi Arabia.

“For Saudi Arabia, rapprochement with Iran is a key part of a major diplomatic offensive on all fronts,” said Hussein Ibish, a senior resident scholar at the Arab Gulf States Institute in Washington. “Just as Saudi Arabia normalizes relations with Iran it produces a potential framework for eventually, perhaps, normalizing with Israel as well.”

“The fact that it has been agreed to in Beijing is very significant for China and its rise as a diplomatic and strategic player in the Gulf region,” said Ibish. “This does seem to recognize China’s unique role in being able to broker relations between Tehran and Riyadh, stepping into a position that had previously been occupied by European countries, if not the United States, and this will not be particularly pleasing to Washington.”

The reconciliation comes as China expands its diplomatic outreach in the Arab world. In December, Chinese President Xi Jinping was welcomed in Riyadh in an extravagant ceremony as part of a visit that brought together 14 Arab heads of state. That was just months after a relatively low-key meeting with US President Joe Biden, whose relationship with Saudi Arabia has been frosty.

“China’s role as a broker is striking, and could foreshadow a bolder diplomatic position,” said Sanam Vakil, a senior research fellow for the Middle East and North Africa program at Chatham House think-tank in London.

“But we should be cautious in overstating Beijing’s intentions. This is more about China’s interests in the region. China has brought together two key actors – regional and economic actors – for the purpose of reducing regional tensions and facilitating greater economic engagement with both.”

Xiaofei Xu, Shawn Deng and Abbas Al Lawati contributed to this report.Washington CNN —

Saudi Arabia is looking to the United States for security guarantees and help with its civilian nuclear program as a condition for normalizing relations with Israel, according to people familiar with the matter, setting up a critical decision that could reshape the political situation in the Middle East.

The discussions are ongoing, and it wasn’t clear precisely what the terms of any agreement might look like, if it ever comes to pass.

Ramping up security guarantees for Saudi Arabia would likely face stiff resistance from some members of Congress, who have called on the Biden administration to downgrade Washington’s relationship with Riyadh.

Still, President Joe Biden has placed importance on normalizing ties between Saudi Arabia and Israel, as has Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, who believe better relations between the two nations could help increase security in the Middle East. Israel and Saudi Arabia have been cultivating unofficial ties for several years, though remain without official diplomatic relations.

“The better the relations between Israel and their Arab neighbors, the better for everybody,” Biden said Friday at the end of a speech about the economy.

Israel has already secured diplomatic agreements with other Arab nations, including Morocco, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates. The Abraham Accords were a signature achievement of the Trump administration and Biden has vowed to build upon them, particularly as Iran’s nuclear program advances.

A spokesman for the US National Security Council declined to confirm Saudi Arabia was seeking security guarantees from the US, which were reported earlier by the Wall Street Journal.

Instead, John Kirby, the strategic communications coordinator at the NSC, pointed to accomplishments Biden secured when he visited Israel and Saudi Arabia over the summer.

“The President’s trip to the region accomplished a lot,” said Kirby, citing an agreement on contested Red Sea islands and a recent announcement by Oman it would allow Israeli overflights.

“We’re going to keep that diplomacy going,” he said.

The State Department did not reply to a request for comment. The Israeli Embassy in Washington had no comment.

The consequences of a US-brokered agreement between Israel and Saudi Arabia could be widespread. It would throw into doubt the future of the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians, which has seen renewed violence in recent weeks under Israel’s right-wing government.

US officials also believe normalizing relations would provide heft to a regional counterweight against Iran, which has advanced its nuclear enrichment over the last year.

Last year, Biden promised Saudi Arabia would suffer “consequences” after the Saudi-led OPEC+ oil cartel unexpectedly announced it would cut production, though the Biden administration has no plans to take proactive steps to punish – let alone significantly reorient its posture toward – the oil-rich Middle East kingdom.

On Friday, Saudi Arabia and Iran announced that they had agreed to reestablish diplomatic ties after seven years of hostility, in a deal between regional archrivals that could have wide-ranging implications for the Middle East.

Riyadh and Tehran plan to reopen their embassies in an agreement mediated by China, a joint statement by Saudi Arabia and Iran said on Friday.

Kirby said Saudi officials had kept the White House informed on the talks as they progressed. But he downplayed Beijing’s role in brokering the agreement, saying the roadmap to reestablishing ties also included talks in Iraq and Oman.CNN —

The United Nations has released a plan to offload 1 million barrels of oil off a rusting supertanker that has been moored off the coast of Yemen for more than 30 years.

In an attempt to avert what could be one of the worst environmental disasters in history, a very large crude carrier was purchased by the UN to get the oil off the FSO Safer.

The 47-year-old tanker has not been maintained since 2015 because of the conflict in Yemen, the Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) Achim Steiner told a briefing on Thursday.

“A massive spill from the Safer would destroy pristine reefs, coastal mangroves and other sea life across the Red Sea, expose millions of people to highly polluted air, and cut off food, fuel and other life-saving supplies to Yemen, where 17 million people already need food aid,” the UN said on a website dedicated to the issue.

A cleanup from the oil spill would cost $20 billion and would affect 200,000 communities with their livelihoods “wiped out,” UN’s Resident and Humanitarian Coordinator for Yemen, David Gressly, said.

It could touch the African coast, it affect shipping and would cause damage in pristine waters that would not recover for 25 years, Gressly added.

The UN said the FSO Safer supertanker is holding four times the amount of oil spilled by the Exxon Valdez which is “enough to make it the 5th largest oil spill from a tanker in history.”

The new $55-million double hull crude carrier will attempt to move the oil off the FSO Safer in a ‘ship-to-ship’ transfer in May, Steiner said.

The operation has been described by Gressly as “high risk” and “highly complex.” “We’re not quite there yet,” Gressly said, adding that they have already mobilized $95 million for the project but need $34 million more to complete it.

Where the oil will end up after its removed is yet to be decided, but discussions are ongoing, Steiner added.CNN —

A Taliban governor in northern Afghanistan has been killed by an explosion in his office, police officials have told CNN.

Mohammad Dawood Muzammil, the governor of Balkh province, died along with two others in the blast on Thursday, said the provincial police force’s spokesman Asif Waziri.

The cause of the explosion remains unclear, but Taliban spokesperson Zabihullah Mujahid said the men had been killed “by the enemies of Islam.”

However, he did not identify the suspects and no group has claimed responsibility for the attack.

“An investigation into the incident is underway,” Mujahid said.

The governor is one of the most senior officials to have been killed since the radical Islamist group retook control of the country in August 2021 following the withdrawal of US forces.

Since then, the Islamic State militant group and its affiliates have claimed a series of deadly attacks in Afghanistan both on civilians and members of the Taliban.

These have included an attack at a Sikh temple that killed at least two people, a string of incidents in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad, and a suicide bomb blast at Kabul airport.CNN —

Iran’s longest-held American prisoner has made an emotional plea to US President Joe Biden to put the “liberty of innocent Americans above politics” and ramp up efforts to secure his release, in an unprecedented interview with CNN from inside Iran’s notorious Evin prison.

“I remain deeply worried that the White House just doesn’t appreciate how dire our situation has become,” said Siamak Namazi, speaking by phone with CNN’s Christiane Amanpour.

His voice occasionally choking up, Namazi added, “the very fact that I’ve chosen to take this risk and appear on CNN from Evin prison should tell you how dire my situation has become by this point.”

Video Ad Feedback American prisoner describes conditions inside Iranian prison 02:48 - Source: CNN

Namazi, 51, was arrested in 2015, when he was on a business trip to Iran, in what the UN has described as an “arbitrary detention.” He was charged with having “relations with a hostile state,” referring to the US, where Namazi is a dual Iranian-US national.

The US has accused Iran of taking Namazi and other imprisoned foreign nationals in Iran “hostage.”

Addressing Biden directly, he said: “I implore you, sir, to put the lives and liberty of innocent Americans above all the politics involved and to just do what’s necessary to end this nightmare and bring us home.”

Namazi is one of three American citizens detained in Tehran’s Evin prison, which is known for its long record of human rights abuses, and is seen as an emblem of authoritarian rule in Iran.

The two other American-Iranian prisoners in Evin prison are Emad Sharghi, a businessman, and Morad Tahbaz, a 66-year-old environmentalist. Both were first arrested in 2018.

Iran's longest-held American prisoner, 51-year-old Siamak Namazi, has appealed to US President Joe Biden to secure his release. Courtesy Namazi family

Last June, The New York Times published an opinion piece by Namazi blasting Biden’s bid to rescue US prisoners in Iran as having “failed spectacularly.” He held a seven-day hunger strike this January, and wrote an open letter to Biden calling on him to deliver on a promise to bring them home.

In the CNN interview on Thursday, Namazi accused the former US administration of President Barack Obama of “abandoning” him in 2016 negotiations, when the administration secured the release of four other US prisoners held in Iran – including the Washington Post’s Jason Rezaian – after signing the landmark 2015 Iran nuclear deal.

“When I’m there in that closet-sized room, all alone, there was one thing I held as true, and that is that the US government is fighting to release me,” he told CNN, reflecting on the first weeks of his detention.

He claimed that the former Secretary of State John Kerry promised to free him within “weeks.”

“I just know I was abandoned. I know I was promised that the US government will release me weeks later,” he said. “I’m perpetually three weeks away from a freedom that is permanently elusive.”

Video Ad Feedback In unprecedented interview from Tehran jail, American prisoner speaks with CNN 20:43 - Source: CNN

A White House spokesperson on Thursday condemned Iran’s imprisonment of US prisoners, saying it was inhumane and contrary to international norms. The spokesperson said the US was committed to securing the freedom of US citizens wrongfully detained overseas, and was in regular contact with Namazi’s family.

The Iranian government had not responded to CNN’s request for comment by the time of publication.

The US and other Western countries regularly accuse Tehran of holding dual nationals as political pawns in negotiations with the West. Last March, British-Iranian aid worker Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe was released after six years of detention in Iran. It came as the UK settled a decades-old £400 million debt owed to Iran — Tehran has denied it was linked to the prisoner release.

Hopes for the release of US-Iranian prisoners have floundered in recent months, as negotiations between Tehran and Washington over the revival of the nuclear deal — which former President Donald Trump pulled out of in 2018 — came to a standstill.

Under the deal, Iran curbed its uranium enrichment program in exchange for sanctions relief.

A view of the entrance of the notorious Evin prison in Tehran, Iran October 17, 2022. Majid Asgaripour/WANA/Reuters

Negotiating teams from Tehran and Washington have not convened for multilateral, indirect talks in nearly a year. A bloody regime crackdown on protests sparked by the death of 22-year-old Mahsa Amini last year also appears to have dealt the talks a crippling blow.

Last October, Namazi’s father Baquer Namazi, 85, was allowed to leave Iran on medical grounds, after the government lifted his years-long travel ban. Baquer Namazi is a former UNICEF official who suffers from a heart condition. Both father and son were charged with collaborating with the US government in 2015.

Siamak Namazi was given a 10-day furlough to see his father before the 85-year-old returned to the US.

“They allowed him to leave, to join the rest of our family and to receive the care that he needed for his life-threatening condition,” Siamak Namazi told CNN. “I can only hope that they summon that same spirit of humanity to do what is needed on their part, so that the rest of us — Morad, Emad and I — can also be reunited with our families, and to start putting this dark past behind us.”

Addressing Biden directly, he said: “I implore you, sir, to put the lives and liberty of innocent Americans above all the politics involved and to just do what’s necessary to end this nightmare and bring us home.”

Following the interview, Siamak Namazi’s father and brother, as well as family members of the other detainees, echoed his call for Biden to meet with them.

“There is no substitute for hearing firsthand what we have been through,” Baquer Namazi said in his first public remarks since his release from Iran.

He said he was “very, very proud” of his son, but at the same time was “very, very sad” and “very angry that there is a possibility to end this misery and politics is overriding humanism.”

Babak Namazi said his brother’s risky decision to speak to CNN “makes me proud” and also “just shatters my heart.”

“He came with this incredibly brave decision just a few days ago out of desperation,” Babak Namazi said. “We’re concerned. There’s no other way to say it. I can’t imagine what he must have gone through and how desperate he’s feeling.”Tel Aviv, Israel CNN —

US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin took a swipe at Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s plan to weaken Israel’s judicial system as protesters paralyzed two of Tel Aviv’s main travel arteries on Thursday, intensifying a nationwide movement against the controversial proposals.

A CNN team at Ben Gurion Airport saw people walking towards Terminal 3 with suitcases because of the blocked road during what was billed as a “Day of Disruption,” while a separate demonstration in the city of Tel Aviv saw thousands turn out to protest.

Demonstrators on foot blocked the Ayalon highway, one of Tel Aviv’s main roads, with some resisting initial police efforts to clear it, a CNN team saw on Thursday.

Protesters chanted “democracy,” “shame” and “Where were you in Huwara?” at police, a reference to a Palestinian village in the occupied West Bank that was the target of a violent riot by Jewish settlers nearly two weeks ago. Police on horseback eventually succeeded in pushing the crowd off the highway, clearing it.

Israelis protesting against the government's judicial reforms block the main road leading to Ben Gurion Airport on Thursday. Ahmad Gharabli/AFP/Getty Images

The planned protests overshadowed Austin’s talks with Netanyahu and Israeli Defense Minister Yoav Gallant, which were delayed for a day at the request of Israeli officials concerned by the threat of disruption from demonstrations. The location of the meeting was also changed from the defense ministry to a location near the airport because of the protests, the Pentagon said.

As demonstrators were taking to the streets, Austin stressed the importance of an “independent judiciary” during a news conference alongside Gallant.

“As President Biden has said, the genius of American democracy and Israeli democracy is that they are both built on strong institutions – on checks and balances, and on an independent judiciary. And the President also noted that building consensus for fundamental changes is really important to ensure that the people buy into them so they can be sustained.”

US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin is greeted by Israeli Defense Minister Yoav Gallant at Ben Gurion Airport on Thursday. Idrees Ali/Reuters

Opponents of government plans to give Israel’s parliament, the Knesset, the power to overrule Supreme Court decisions with a simple majority have been protesting every Saturday night across Israel for the past nine weeks. The largest protests, in Tel Aviv, have regularly drawn more than 100,000 demonstrators, in a country with a population of just over nine million.

The package of legislation would also give the government the authority to nominate judges, which currently rests with a committee composed of judges, legal experts and politicians. It would remove power and independence from government ministries’ legal advisers, and take away the power of the courts to invalidate government appointments.

Supporters of the plan to overhaul the judiciary say the changes are necessary to rein in a Supreme Court that has become too powerful and is not democratically accountable.

Netanyahu said his meeting with Austin “focused primarily on our joint efforts to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons,” before boarding a flight to Rome to meet Italy’s prime minister.

Austin also used his news conference to urge Israelis and Palestinians to de-escalate rising tensions in the West Bank ahead of the holidays of Passover and Ramadan, which have been flashpoints for violence in the past. Austin said Palestinian leaders need to combat terrorism and condemn incitement while underscoring US opposition to the expansion of Israeli settlements in the West Bank.

“We’re especially disturbed by violence by settlers against Palestinians,” Austin noted.

Undercover Israeli Border Police operatives killed three suspected Palestinian militants in the West Bank Thursday morning, just hours before Austin landed, the Border Police announced.

Israeli security personnel work at the scene after a suspected terrorist opened fire in central Tel Aviv on March 9. Nir Elias/Reuters

The Israeli security forces came under fire from a vehicle on an operation to arrest two suspected Palestinian Islamic Jihad military operatives, returned fire, and killed all three people in the vehicle, the police statement said.

On Thursday evening, three people were wounded when a suspected terrorist opened fire at pedestrians on a street at the center of Tel Aviv nightlife, Israel Police said. The shooting suspect was “neutralized” by police officers, police added, and has died, according to an emergency rescue service.Produced by CNN Digital's Photo Team

For the first time in eight months, Russia is on the brink of taking a Ukrainian city.

Weeks of Russian attacks on Bakhmut, a city in eastern Ukraine, have forced thousands of people from the city and decimated its infrastructure.

Ukrainian forces continue to defend the city, with President Volodymyr Zelensky warning that Russian troops would have "open road" to capture other key cities if they take Bakhmut. "This is tactical for us," Zelensky said in an interview with CNN. NATO intelligence estimates that for every Ukrainian soldier killed defending Bakhmut, Russian forces have lost at least five, a military official with the alliance told CNN on Monday.

Nearly 4,000 civilians, including 38 children, remained inside the besieged city as of Tuesday, according to Iryna Vereshchuk, Ukraine's vice prime minister.

Here are some of the stories that made headlines over the past week, as well as some photos that caught our eye.Chris Jackson/Getty Images Britain's King Charles III waves as he leaves a reception in Milton Keynes, England, in February 2023. In pictures: Britain's King Charles III

Chris Jackson/Getty Images Britain's King Charles III waves as he leaves a reception in Milton Keynes, England, in February 2023.

Queen Elizabeth II, the British monarch whose rule spanned seven decades, died in September at the age of 96.

Her oldest son, Charles, is now King.

Charles has been "monarch-in-waiting" since 1952. That's the longest in British history. Take a look at photos from his life in the spotlight.1. How relevant is this ad to you?

Video player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issuesYunghi Kim takes a photo while working on a project about black farmers in 1998. Kim, an award-winning photojournalist who has covered stories all over the world, started the Trailblazers of Light , a website that celebrates women in her field and the contributions they've made. One of her most well-known projects was her story documenting South Korean "comfort women," sex slaves used by the Japanese military during World War II.

Photojournalism has traditionally been a male-dominated field.

But throughout history, women have made their mark on the industry.

Yunghi Kim is one of them, and she wants to make sure her peers get the recognition they deserve. Especially those who started their career in the film era, before the advent of the digital camera.

"They were courageous. They were fearless," she said. "And they were trailblazers because they were in a sea of men."

Kim says there is a "silent generation" of women photojournalists who are often overlooked. Maybe their work was never digitized. Maybe their work is sitting right now in the basements of newspapers, magazines and photo agencies, buried in an archive they can't access and may never be able to.

So Kim took it upon herself to do something about it. She started a website, Trailblazers of Light, to honor these pioneers of photojournalism.

More than 500 photojournalists are listed on the site, going back to the late 19th century. These women have reported from all over the world, often in war zones and other dangerous places. Many of them broke glass ceilings where they worked and paved the way for future generations.

It's important that these women, and their contributions, are not forgotten, Kim said.

"It had to be done," she said. "It was a sense of duty to the women."

Follow the Trailblazers of Light project on Instagram and Twitter.

Editor's note: Bernadette Tuazon, CNN's director of photography, is among the picture editors recognized on the Trailblazers of Light website.Lagos, Nigeria CNN —

Lagos State governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu has temporarily halted his reelection campaign after a train rammed into a public bus in the country’s commercial hub Thursday, killing six people and injuring dozens of others.

The accident happened at a bus stop in the Ikeja area of Lagos, a city of around 20 million people, Lagos state emergency services said in a statement.

Sanwo-Olu tweeted Thursday that 85 passengers comprising state workers were aboard the bus.

“Lagos is in a state of mourning and for the next 3 days, I am suspending all campaign activities. All flags will be flown at half mast and tomorrow all civil servants will work till 12 noon before returning home to be with their loved ones during this trying time,” the governor further said in a series of tweets while calling for blood donations to treat the injured.

The country’s President Muhammadu Buhari described the accident as “distressing and extremely sad,” in a statement on Thursday.

“The accident at the level crossing involving a train and BRT staff bus is distressing and extremely sad. I pray for the souls of the deceased and quick recovery of the injured,” Buhari said while commending Lagos authorities for intervening swiftly at the scene of the collision.

Security guard Ubong Okon witnessed the aftermath of the crash, which happened from about 7 a.m. to 8 a.m. local time (0600 to 0700 GMT).

“I came out to open the gate, then I saw the train and the bus, I looked inside the bus, there were lots of passengers inside, I went inside and saw people with injuries, there was blood everywhere, then I started to help get people inside the bus out.”

Traffic jams are part of daily life in Lagos, where most people drive with little regard for road and safety rules.

In Africa’s most populous nation, many roads are poorly maintained and riven with potholes, leading to accidents that claim thousands of lives every year.

Aviation Minister Hadi Sirika said in a statement that he has directed Nigeria’s safety investigation agency to look into the cause of the accident.CNN —

Uganda’s parliament on Thursday took up a bill that would criminalize identifying as LGBTQ, with lawmakers saying the current ban on same-sex relations does not go far enough.

Anti-LGBTQ sentiment is deeply entrenched in the highly conservative and religious east African nation, with same-sex relations punishable by up to life in prison.

More than 30 African countries ban same-sex relations, but Uganda’s law, if passed, would appear to be the first to criminalize merely identifying as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ), according to Human Rights Watch.

The proposed Ugandan law was introduced as a private lawmaker’s bill and aims to allow the country to fight “threats to the traditional, heterosexual family”, according to a copy seen by Reuters.

It punishes with up to 10 years in prison any person who “holds out as a lesbian, gay, transgender, a queer or any other sexual or gender identity that is contrary to the binary categories of male and female”.

It also criminalizes the “promotion” of homosexuality and “abetting” and “conspiring” to engage in same-sex relations.

Video Ad Feedback Ugandan President: Being gay not a right 04:20 - Source: CNN

The law is similar in some ways to a law passed in 2013 that stiffened some penalties and criminalized lesbianism. It drew widespread international condemnation before it was struck down by a domestic court on procedural grounds.

After the new bill was read in parliament, Speaker Anita Among sent it to a committee for scrutiny and public hearings before it is brought back to the House for debate and a vote.

Among urged members of parliament to reject intimidation, referencing reported threats by some Western countries to impose travel bans against those involved in passing the law.

“This business of intimidating that ‘you will not go to America’, what is America?” she said.

An investigation by a parliamentary committee ordered in January into reports of alleged promotion of homosexuality in schools has already sparked a wave of discrimination and violence against members of the LGBTQ community, activists say.CNN —

As Russian missiles rained down on Ukraine in February last year, another grim tale was unfolding on the sidelines: Foreign students, mostly African and Asian, seeking to flee to bordering nations recounted an ordeal of segregation and racism at Ukraine’s borders.

One African medical student told CNN at the time that she and other foreigners were ordered off a public transit bus at a border checkpoint between Ukraine and Poland and asked to stand aside as the bus drove off with only Ukrainian nationals on board.

The Border Guard Service of Ukraine told CNN at the time that allegations of segregation at the borders were untrue.

More than 70,000 international students were studying in Ukraine when the war began, many of them attracted by its strong reputation for medical courses and tuition, with expenses much lower than in programs in other Western nations.

One year on, some of the students tell CNN they are stuck in limbo, unable to continue their education. Others say they are being forced to head back to the war-torn country in order to graduate.

Korrine Sky, 26, a British-Zimbabwean citizen who was in the second year of a medical degree at Ukraine’s Dnipro Medical Institute when the war broke out, is one of those whose studies are now on hold.

Speaking to CNN last month, Sky said she was among those who faced segregation at the Ukrainian-Romanian border as they tried to flee.

“We were kicked out of the initial car queue that we were in and told to go stand in a pedestrian queue that was only Black people, Asian people and Middle Eastern people… it took like 10 hours and we knew it was racism because everyone who was White was expedited to go first,” Sky said.

Korrine Sky was in the second year of a medical degree at Ukraine's Dnipro Medical Institute when the war broke out. Korrine Sky

While hundreds of students were evacuated from Ukraine by their own countries, some stayed in the bordering European nations to which they had fled.

Many are yet to be granted refugee status, said Sky, who says she has been in contact with some foreign students.

“Some were given between six months to one-year visas. As of February and March, a lot of the visas that they were granted at the start of the war, will be running out. So, they’ll be facing deportation. A lot of them have decided to go back to Ukraine,” Sky told CNN in a phone call from her home in Leicester, England.

“There’s also a large portion of students who’ve now gone back to Ukraine because their universities weren’t offering transcripts unless they return,” she added.

Sky says she was told by Ukraine’s First Deputy Minister Vitrenko Andrii that transcripts – the formal records of students’ academic results – can only be obtained in person.

“I got to speak to Ukraine’s Minister of Education in September last year at an Education Summit in New York,” she said.

“His response was that the Ukrainian schooling system is quite old-fashioned in the sense that a lot of these transcripts are actual physical documents domiciled in the Dean’s office. So, they’re working to digitalize transcripts, so that people can access them online… but I never heard anything,” said Sky.

CNN has contacted the Ministry of Education and the minister for comment.

‘For Ukrainians only’

Sky now campaigns by writing letters to policy makers and governing bodies to get equal access to higher education for refugee students.

After fleeing the conflict, she said she hoped to complete her education at other European universities that had offered a place to international students displaced by the Russian war.

“There were articles from different universities saying that they were offering scholarships and different opportunities for students who are studying in Ukraine. We were optimistic that maybe we’ll be able to transfer since we can’t go back to Ukraine,” Sky said.

However, her hopes were soon dashed after she discovered the scholarship opportunities were reserved mainly for Ukrainian students.

“That’s the same sentiments we’d had when we were trying to get on the buses and the trains (while fleeing the war) … It was Ukrainians only. No one seems to even have a single bit of empathy that our lives have been completely disrupted,” she said.

Sky added that back in the UK, she wrote letters to members of parliament and to universities to try to continue her studies but has been unsuccessful so far.

She puts it down to compassion fatigue due to the current state of the world, saying “There’s a lot going on in the world at the moment… so we are lower down in the list of priorities.”

Mandatory exams

Some of the foreign students are now protesting because some Ukrainian universities are mandating them to return in March to complete exams before they can graduate.

“Organizers of the exams are perfectly aware of the risks associated with traveling to Ukraine as a result of daily missile attacks and the war. No insurance is currently working in Ukraine, and there are no direct flights to Ukraine, so most of the students from non-EU countries cannot even arrive in Ukraine before the exam,” a statement signed by the students said.

Students say they are also directed to fill out a consent form taking responsibility for all risks involved in traveling to Ukraine.

“I am aware of the risks associated with crossing the state border of Ukraine and staying in Ukraine while taking the integrated test-exam ‘KROK 2’ … I am aware that I am responsible for my safety and life during my stay in Ukraine,” stated part of the consent form issued by Kyiv Medical University to its students, and seen by CNN.

CNN has contacted Kyiv Medical University for comment.

Final-year Nigerian medical student Oluwayemisi Folu-Ojo, 23, told CNN the Ternopil National Medical University in western Ukraine is one of at least five Ukrainian schools asking students to return to campus.

The exam known as Krok 2 is part of a series of qualifying exams for final-year medical students.

It was initially waived by Ukraine’s health ministry after the war began, says 25-year-old Adetomiwa Adeniyi, also from Nigeria, who was one semester ahead of Folu-Ojo in Ternopil when the war broke out and only had a few months of studies remaining.

“I was able to do the final three to four months online and we had a graduation ceremony online,” Adeniyi told CNN. “For our set, they waived the (Krok 2) exam. We only wrote school and state exams online.”

In an email to CNN, the office of the Dean of International Students Faculty at the Ternopil National Medical University said the exam was being organized by Ukraine’s health ministry and not the school.

“The aforementioned Ministry is organizing the exam on March 14, 2023, for those graduates of medical universities who are currently in Ukraine or have the opportunity to arrive in Ukraine on this date,” the dean’s office said, adding that, “for those international students, who cannot come to our country, the Ministry plans to organize the Step 2 exam at a later date, outside of Ukraine.”

No timeline was provided for facilitating the exam outside Ukraine.

CNN has contacted Ukraine’s ministry of health for further comments.

Oyindamola Morenikeji pictured at the Romanian border after crossing from Ukraine in March 2022 Oyindamola Morenikeji

Some who graduated online from university in Ukraine say they are not faring much better.

Adeniyi is unable to practice as a doctor in Nigeria because Nigeria’s medical council (MDCN) does not recognize medical degrees acquired digitally.

He says he might be forced to repeat his final year in a Nigerian university or find a country abroad that will allow him to practice.

For fourth-year medical student Oyindamola Morenikeji from Nigeria, “everything is just at a standstill.”

“It feels like everything is on hold; my education, my plans for my career, my future… There aren’t a lot of choices available to me for now,” she told CNN of her failed attempts to transfer to another European school.

The 23-year-old said her family did not find it easy to fund her education in Ukraine, which she said cost around $4,000 per year.

“I could see that they were denying themselves quite a lot of things to send me to school because they were trying to fulfill my dream of becoming a doctor. They took loans quite a few times,” she said.

Morenikeji says she is considering applying to a Nigerian nursing school and starting all over again but is worried about the financial toll on her family.

“They had already thought they’d paid my fees up to the fourth year with two more years to go. But now, they have to pay for extra three to four years of school fees, so it’s like they are starting all over again. It feels like when they were close to the final point, everything came crashing,” she said.Abuja, Nigeria CNN —

Nigeria’s electoral commission has postponed governorship elections planned for this weekend by another week, citing limited time to reset its voting machines nearly two weeks after a controversial presidential vote was disputed by opposition parties.

“This decision has not been taken lightly but it is necessary to ensure that there is adequate time to back up the data stored on the over 176,000 BVAS machines from the Presidential and National Assembly elections held on 25th February 2023 and then to reconfigure them for the Governorship and State Assembly elections,” electoral body INEC said in a statement late Wednesday.

Nigeria is not new to poll delays. Previous elections in the West African country have been postponed at very short notice, sometimes just one day before they were due to take place.

INEC’s Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS), an electronic voting machine configured with fingerprints and facial recognition features, was at the center of the controversy that blighted the February 25 polls.

Voters are accredited with the BVAS device, which also transmits election results from polling stations to an online server. But results were not transmitted on time in the last election, sparking allegations of vote rigging.

Several observers including the European Union said the election fell short of expectations and “lacked transparency.”

The governorship polls originally scheduled for Saturday will now hold on March 18 and will run simultaneously with elections for local parliament representatives.Havana CNN —

Marta Perdomo agonizes day and night for her two sons Jorge and Nadir, jailed in Cuba for taking part nearly two years ago in the largest anti-government protests since the 1959 revolution. A call she says she received in late February from Cuba’s internal security service only added to her anxiety.

“State security called me and asked me if my sons had passports. That alarmed me because then I thought they should know if my sons have passports,” she told CNN.

When Perdomo asked why, the answer she said she received back from the agent from the other end of the line was cryptic.

“They told me there are ‘things on the table,’” Perdomo said.

Perdomo’s sons are facing lengthy prison sentences but she and other families have taken hope from a recent mass release of prisoners in authoritarian Nicaragua, a close ally of Cuba’s. More than two hundred jailed government opponents there were stripped of citizenship and sent to the United States in February.

One Catholic Cardinal appeared to allude to a similar possibility during an unusual visit to the island in February to met with Cuban President Miguel Diaz-Canel. In a brief exchange with reporters, Cardinal Benaimino Stella said at the behest of Pope Francis he had pressed for the release of the more than 700 people the Cuban government has charged or convicted for their involvement in the protests.

“The Pope very much wants there to be a positive response,” Stella said.

“Amnesty, clemency, whatever it is called. The words are secondary. “It is important that the young people who at one time spoke out in a way we know about can return to their homes,” he said.

Cuban president Miguel Diaz Canel (R) and Italian Cardinal Beniamino Stella (L) in Havana on February 8, 2023. Adalberto Roque/AFP/Getty Images

On July 11, 2021, Cubans, frustrated at power cuts and food and medicine shortages, poured into the streets. Many demanded freedom and that Diaz-Canel leave power.

Labeling the protestors “vandals” and “counter revolutionaries,” Diaz-Canel ordered police and those faithful to the government to restore order. Hundreds of people were arrested and later faced mass trials.

US President Biden, who had earlier promised to return to the détente of the Obama era, when diplomatic relations were restored for the first time with the Cuban government following more than a half century of severed ties, criticized the crackdown at the time.

He placed economic sanctions on officials believed to be involved in crushing the protests and called Cuba “a failed state.” In discussions with their Cuban counterparts, US diplomats told them the US-Cuban relationship would likely stay frozen if the protestors remained jailed.

Cuban officials offered little indication the pressure campaign to release the protestors was having any effect.

Nevertheless, given last month’s talks between the Catholic Church and Cuban government, European diplomats in Havana told CNN that they were preparing to issue humanitarian visas to any prisoners who might be released by the government and leave the island for exile abroad.

The diplomats cautioned it was unclear how many prisoners, if any, would actually be released.

But the Catholic church has had success in the past securing the release of prisoners from Cuban jails. Ahead of visits by Popes Benedict and Francis to the communist-run island, the Cuban government agreed to release thousands of prisoners.

And as part of the secret talks to normalize relations with the Obama administration, some of which took place at the Vatican, Cuba also agreed to release 53 Cubans from their jails that the US considered to be political prisoners.

Cuban officials did not respond to CNN requests for comment on the negotiations for the prisoners’ release.

It is still not clear what Cuba might gain from a new prisoner release, though the Cuban government has pushed for relief from crushing US economic sanctions that officials say are contributing to a mass exodus of people from the island.

Following his State of the Union speech in February, Biden was overheard telling Senator Bob Menendez, a proponent of tougher sanctions on the Cuban government, “I gotta talk to you about Cuba.”

The remark was interpreted by many Cuba watchers as a sign that changes are coming to the relationship.

In the most suggestive comments yet that the US is negotiating for the release of the jailed demonstrators, the Assistant Secretary of State for the Western Hemisphere Brian Nichols said on Tuesday while speaking on Cuba policy in Miami: “Publicly – and privately in discussions with Cuban officials – the US government continues to call for the release of political prisoners. And we always stress that the Cuban people should be able to choose where to live and the government should allow its citizens to return to Cuba.”

“While we strongly oppose forced exile,” Nichols continued. “The United States will not turn its back on political prisoners, and if they want to come to America, we will explore available avenues under US law to welcome them.”CNN —

After years of relative economic prosperity and hope for the future, Peru has been shaken by months of social unrest and political instability that seem to have no end.

Thousands of protesters continue to take the streets in Lima and in the south of the country, particularly in Puno where citizens are outraged by decades of marginalization, inequality, allegations of corruption, and stagnating living standards.

Peru’s latest protest wave has seen at least 66 people killed, in a brutal series of deaths that highlight the country’s deep divisions dating back to colonial times.

People surround the coffins of people who died during unrest in Juliaca, Peru. Jose Sotomayor/AP/FILE

Although there have been protests across the country, the vast majority of deaths were among demonstrators in southern Peru, where indigenous Aymara and Quechua people maintain their own languages and cultural traditions, as well as a sense of separation from people in urban areas of coastal Peru, particularly the capital city, Lima.

And while security forces’ crackdown on the protest movement has reopened centuries-old wounds in the country’s multicultural society, the government’s response to the ongoing protests has only exacerbated the pain among those from rural areas.

On Wednesday, Education Minister Oscar Becerra criticized Aymara women for taking their children to a protest in Lima, where police used tear gas against them.

Demonstrators and riot police clash in Lima on January 24. Ernesto Benavides/AFP/Getty Images/FILE

“Not even animals would expose their children (like this). …Can they be called mothers if they expose their children to that violence?” said Becerra, who went on to suggest that the women may have “rented” the children to use for “political gain.”

Becerra later apologized. “I want to tell you that if any statement of mine has been misunderstood, I offer my sincere apologies,” he said.

In a letter published Tuesday, the country’s Ombudsman said that Becerra’s comments serve to “increase confrontation among Peruvians.”

Peru’s center and periphery

Since the days when Peru was a Spanish colony, the country’s wealth and political power have been centered in Lima. By contrast, vast swaths of the mountainous central and southern regions, as well as the vast Amazon region, remain isolated and underdeveloped.

Poor healthcare, education and transportation infrastructure have encouraged many residents from those areas to migrate to Lima in recent decades, where they often struggle to be accepted. Those who remain in Peru’s more rural areas have grown increasingly frustrated with a lack of development even during periods of strong economic growth for the country.

A wounded demonstrator arrives at a hospital emergency room in Juliaca in January. AFP/Getty Images/FILE

The southern Puno region is a microcosm of the issues facing rural Peru.

More than 70% of children there under three years old suffer from anemia, a condition associated with a poor diet, and around a quarter of the population does not have access to running water at home.

The region has been one of the most forgotten regions of Peru, with Lima politicians calculating that a small population and lack of political organization meant they didn’t have to worry about responding to their needs, according to Omar Coronel, a sociology professor at the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru.

The December ouster of President Pedro Castillo, who was accused of corruption and then impeached by lawmakers after an attempted self-coup and later arrested, extinguished hopes in Puno that things might finally change for the better under a president who had positioned himself as a champion for Peru’s most marginalized.

Access to healthcare in rural Peru has long been a sore point – the country suffered the worst death toll per capita from Covid-19 in the world – and its repercussions were felt acutely in the aftermath of protests in the Puno region.

Julia Paccsi, a 42-year-old mother of three, says she was injured by a bullet to the neck fired by security forces as she went to help injured protesters outside her house in Juliaca, the largest city in the Puno region, on January 7.

Peru's President Dina Boluarte speaks during a press conference on February 10. Ernesto Benavides/AFP/Getty Images/FILE

Paccsi didn’t immediately go to hospital out of fear of being taken for a protester and arrested, but when she did finally go a few days later she was told there were no doctors in the city who could treat her.

“In the hospital they didn’t treat me because they told me that there aren’t neck and head specialists,” she said through tears. “We don’t have head and neck specialists here.”

Paccsi had no option but to travel to Lima for surgery and is still waiting for a second procedure.

The father of another victim, a 17-year-old girl who was shot and killed near protests at Juliaca’s airport on January 9, believes that his daughter could have survived if there were better medical services in the region.

“There aren’t any ambulances, there aren’t good doctors that can help people that are injured,” said Demetrio Aroquipa.

Demonstrators in Puno on January 19. Juan Carlos Cisneros/AFP/Getty Images/FILE

“That day we went out together with my daughter, my other daughter and my wife to the market,” he said. “Four of us left, but only three and a coffin came back. She was a psychology student, a responsible girl. My daughter lost her life when a bullet hit her. I want justice.”

In February, human rights group Amnesty International released a report ascribing the violence of the Peruvian state’s response to “systemic racism ingrained in Peruvian society and its authorities for decades,” according to the organization’s regional director Erika Guevara-Rosas.

“Dozens of people told Amnesty International they felt that the authorities treated them like animals and not human beings,” Guevara-Rosas added.

Peru’s government has denied “systemic racism” and reiterated its support for the ongoing investigations for the deaths and injured during the protests, according to a statement released by the Ministry of Justice and Human Rights.

Rubbing salt into old wounds

One of the protesters’ demands is the resignation of President Dina Boluarte, who has been in office just three months.

She angered many in Puno in January when she blamed unsuccessful talks with representatives from the region for the failure of attempts to stop the protests.

“We have to protect the life and tranquility of 33 million Peruvians. Puno is not Peru,” she added.

Boluarte was forced to apologize a day later, and a statement from her office said her words had been misinterpreted.

But for many it was too late.

“They say we aren’t from Peru, but Puno is Peru,” Aroquipa told reporters in Lima – a common response among protesters from the region.

Protesters in Lima shelter behind improvised shields on February 4. Alessandro Cinque/Reuters/FILE

“We have the same blood but sadly you always marginalize us,” said Armando Halire, a lawyer who represents the families of demonstrators killed and injured in Puno, while speaking to journalists in Lima in February.

He went on to list various terms still used in Peru to discriminate against those from the rural Andean regions for their supposed ignorance, or to mark them out from those of mixed Spanish descent – including “cholo,” commonly used to denigrate people from the Andes or from Andean origin.

To argue that Puno is not part of Peru is painful for those in the country’s most marginalized region after years of difficulty accessing basic public services, Coronel told CNN.

“Symbolically it hurts citizens who feel they have an Aymara and Quechua identity, but they also feel part of Peru,” said Coronel referring to these ethnic groups.

And as protesters demonstrate against their treatment by the government, the issue of language has come to epitomize the divisions between Lima and Peru’s marginalized regions.

“We have a country where many prosecutor’s offices, the public prosecutor, of state institutions don’t have people that can speak Aymara, that can speak Quechua, that can speak the other almost 50 ancestral languages that we have in the country, which makes people feel alienated from the state,” said Coronel. Both Aymara and Quechua are official state languages in Peru along with Spanish.

Successive Peruvian governments have proven unwilling or unable to make the state more inclusive toward marginalized groups in the country. And they have been particularly uninterested in Puno, according to Coronel.

“The unique thing about Puno is this more historic exclusion that the executive branch and other actors haven’t wanted to get involved in,” he said.

One recent attempt to bring non-Spanish languages like those spoken in Puno into the heart of government ended in controversy. In August 2021, then-Prime Minister Guido Bellido started to address Peru’s congress in Quechua, but members of the opposition started shouting for him to speak in Spanish because they couldn’t understand.

Bellido’s response at the time summed up the feeling of many in Peru’s south: if the country were truly multicultural, he said, why wasn’t there an interpreter on hand to help those who don’t speak one of Peru’s official languages?

Protesters from Puno are still filling the streets of the capital, and Coronel fears that Boluarte’s “authoritarian” response has now reduced the chances for dialogue: “In Puno, you see signs which ask: ‘Limeño (those born in Lima), would you negotiate with the person that killed your mother? With the person who killed your children?”New York CNN —

As the American survivors of last week’s bloody kidnapping in Matamoros receive medical treatment, and the bodies of those killed are repatriated, Mexico’s broader epidemic of disappearances remains largely unsolved: More than 100,000 Mexicans and migrants have disappeared, with no explanation of their fate for families.

The Mexican defense ministry said Thursday that hundreds of security forces were heading to the border city to bolster the defense of the area in a bid to safeguard “the well-being of citizens” But the swift response by authorities to the Americans’ kidnapping has raised eyebrows among Mexicans.

“In Mexico the lives of foreigners are worth more than the Mexicans themselves,” one person wrote on social media on Tuesday.

Another hoped “the US government will help all the relatives of the disappeared in Mexico so that the government of #AMLO (President Andrés Manuel López Obrador) finds them as quickly as the citizens of #USA,” in a Twitter post on Wednesday.

“Families of the disappeared (can only) hope to have such a prompt response from Mexican officials to their reports of loved ones that go missing,” Maureen Meyer, vice president for programs at the Washington Office for Latin America (WOLA), told CNN.

Mexican authorities have been accused of being slow to find disappearance victims. The reluctance has been attributed to a lack of capacity amid high numbers of cases, official collusion with criminal groups or “a tendency to blame the victims… suggesting that they must have been linked to some illicit activity,” Meyer, who is a human rights expert on Mexico, added.

The government’s attempt to address organized crime can also lead to disappearances, she added.

Latavia Washington McGee, Eric Williams, Victims Shaeed Woodard and Zindell Brown were kidnapped last week in Mexico. From Michele Williams & Facebook

Last year, a Mexican government report blamed the country’s own military and police for the disappearance of 43 students in 2014.

While traveling through the southwestern city of Iguala, the students were intercepted by local police and federal military forces. Exactly what happened after remains unknown, since most of the missing students were never found. Survivors from the original group of 100 said their buses had been stopped by armed police officers and soldiers who suddenly opened fire.

There has also been a forensic crisis in the country, with more 52,000 unidentified bodies in government custody, said Meyer, a backlog that needs cooperation from prosecutors’ offices.

Some families have taken matters into their own hands. Many have resorted to form dozens of “search collectives” to investigate disappearances on their own.

Some 40,000 relatives of people who have gone missing in Mexico over the years have taken part in training sessions in the search for their loved ones, said the International Committee of the Red Cross in a 2022 report.

Dangerous border

The kidnapped Americans were found in the state of Tamaulipas, home to a number of criminal gangs including the Northeast Cartel and the Gulf Cartel, who have been warring for control of the border crossings into the United States.

Gang violence has plagued Tamaulipas, with drugs, gun and migrant smuggling attributed by security experts to its rise in crime.

The Mexican Gulf region, which includes Tamaulipas, is the shortest route for migrants in search of a better life in the US.

But the journey is riddled with risks and the state has a reputation for being dangerous for migrants, who are frequently kidnapping victims, according to Meyer. The state has the third highest number of cases of disappeared people in the country, according to government figures.

In 2010, 72 migrants from Central and South America were massacred by a cartel in San Fernando, a few hours from Tamaulipas’ border. Several mass graves have also been found in the state over the years.

The migrants’ plight is further endangered by US immigration policies that require thousands to wait on the Mexican side of the border, say human rights experts.

There was at least one incident in the past of migrant men being kidnapped from a shelter in Matamoros, Meyer said.

The kidnapping of the US citizens – identified as Shaeed Woodard, Zindell Brown, Latavia Washington McGee and Eric Williams – adds political pressure on Mexico’s President López Obrador to make good on his administration’s promise to address the country’s disappeared.

Experts say there have been some efforts to identify missing people by his administration, but the number of the disappeared has continued to rise under López Obrador’s watch. Tens of thousands of people have gone missing each year since the start of his term at the end of 2018, according to government data.

The president has defended his record on helping the family of the disappeared, saying no other government has gone as far as his administration. “No government had worried about the missing like now,” he told a press conference last May.

“The entire Ministry of Interior is dedicated to that and looking for clandestine graves because it should not be forgotten that there was a war against drug trafficking in which many disappeared,” he said.

As a presidential candidate, López Obrador controversially vowed to fight Mexico’s epidemic of gun-related violence by focusing on social programs, with what he termed “hugs, not bullets” — suggesting a break from predecessors’ hard-line tactics. In office, the “hugs” rhetoric has been somewhat undercut by López Obrador’s rollout of a security strategy that does empower the military. Nevertheless, the homicide rate remains stubbornly high.1. How relevant is this ad to you?

Video player was slow to load content Video content never loaded Ad froze or did not finish loading Video content did not start after ad Audio on ad was too loud Other issuesSeoul, South Korea CNN —

When a Chinese high-altitude balloon suspected of spying was spotted over the United States recently, the US Air Force responded by sending up a high-flying espionage asset of its own: the U-2 reconnaissance jet.

It was the Cold-War era spy plane that took the high-resolution photographs – not to mention its pilot’s selfie – that reportedly convinced Washington the Chinese balloon was gathering intelligence and not, as Beijing continues to insist, studying the weather.

In doing so, the plane played a key role in an event that sent tensions between the world’s two largest economies soaring, and shone an international spotlight on the methods the two governments use to keep tabs on each other.

Until now, most of the media’s focus has been on the balloon – specifically, how a vessel popularly seen as a relic of a bygone era of espionage could possibly remain relevant in the modern spy’s playbook. Yet to many military historians, it is the involvement of that other symbol of a bygone time, the U-2, that is far more telling.

The U-2 has a long and storied history when it comes to espionage battles between the US and China. In the 1960s and 1970s, at least five of them were shot down while on surveillance missions over China.

Those losses haven’t been as widely reported as might be expected – and for good reason. The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), which was responsible for all of America’s U-2s at the time the planes were shot down, has never officially explained what they were doing there.

Adding to the mystery was that the planes were being flown not by US pilots nor under a US flag, but by pilots from Taiwan who, in a striking parallel to today’s balloon saga, claimed to be involved in a weather research initiative.

A US Air Force pilot looks down at the suspected Chinese surveillance balloon from the cockpit of his U-2 spy plane on February 3, 2023. US Department of Defense

The Dragon Lady and Chinese nukes

That the CIA would be tight-lipped over what these American-built spy planes were doing is hardly surprising.

But the agency’s continued silence more than 50 years later – it did not respond to a CNN request for comment on this article – speaks volumes about just how sensitive the issue was both at the time and remains today.

The US government has a general rule of 25 years for automatic declassification of sensitive material. However, one of its often-cited reasons for ignoring this rule is in those cases where revealing the information would “cause serious harm to relations between the US and a foreign government, or to ongoing diplomatic activities of the US.”

Contemporary accounts of what the planes were doing – by the Taiwan pilots who were shot down, retired US Air Force officers and military historians among them – leave little doubt as to why it would have caused a stir.

The planes – according to accounts by the pilots in a Taiwan-made documentary film and histories published on US government websites – had been transferred to Taiwan as part of a top-secret mission to snoop on Communist China’s growing military capabilities, including its nascent nuclear program, which was receiving help from the Soviet Union.

The newly developed U-2, nicknamed the Dragon Lady, appeared to offer the perfect vessel. The US had already used it to spy on the Soviet’s domestic nuclear program as its high-altitude capabilities – it was designed in the 1950s to reach “a staggering and unprecedented altitude of 70,000 feet,” in the words of its developer Lockheed – put it out of the range of antiaircraft missiles.

Or so the US had thought. In 1960, the Soviets shot down a CIA-operated U-2 and put its pilot Gary Powers on trial. Washington was forced to abandon its cover story (that Powers had been on a weather reconnaissance mission and had drifted into Soviet airspace after blacking out from oxygen depletion), admit the spy plane program, and barter for Powers to be returned in a prisoner swap.

“Since America didn’t want to have its own pilots shot down in a U-2 the way Gary Powers had been over the Soviet Union in 1960, which caused a major diplomatic incident, they turned to Taiwan, and Taiwan was all too willing to allow its pilots to be trained and to do a long series of overflights over mainland China,” Chris Pocock, author of “50 Years of the U-2,” explained in the 2018 documentary film “Lost Black Cats 35th Squadron.”

A mobile chase car pursues a U-2 Dragon Lady as it prepares to land at Beale Air Force Base in California in June 2015. US Air Force

The Black Cats and Detachment H

Like the U-2, Taiwan – also known as the Republic of China (ROC) – seemed a perfect choice for the mission. The self-governing island to the east of the Chinese mainland was at odds with the Communist leadership in Beijing – as it remains today – and at that time in history had a mutual defense treaty with Washington.

That treaty has long since lapsed, but Taiwan remains a point of major tensions between China and the United States, with Chinese leader Xi Jinping vowing to bring it under the Communist Party’s control and Washington still obligated to provide it with the means to defend itself.

Today, the US sells F-16 fighter jets to Taiwan as part of that obligation. In the 1960s, Taiwan got the US-made U-2s.

The island’s military set up a squadron that would officially be known as the “Weather Reconnaissance and Research Section.”

But its members – pilots from Taiwan who had been trained in the US to fly U-2s – knew it by a different name: the “Black Cats.”

The author Pocock and Gary Powers Jr., the son of the pilot shot down by the Soviets and the co-founder of the Cold War Museum in Washington, DC, explained the thinking behind the squadron and its mission in the 2018 documentary film.

The other CIA unit in Taiwan Coinciding with the Black Cat Squadron, the Black Bat Squadron was formed under the cooperation of the Central Intelligence Agency and Taiwan’s air force, according to a Taiwan Defense Ministry website. While the Black Cats were in charge of high-altitude reconnaissance missions, the Black Bats conducted low-altitude reconnaissance and electronic intelligence gathering missions over mainland China from May 1956. It also operated in Vietnam in tandem with the US during the Vietnam War. Between 1952 to 1972, the Black Bats lost 15 aircraft and 148 lives, according to the website.

“The Black Cats program was implemented because the American government needed to find out information over mainland China – what were their strengths and weaknesses, where were their military installations located, where were their submarine bases, what type of aircraft were they developing,” said Powers Jr.

Lloyd Leavitt, a retired US Air Force lieutenant general, described the mission as “a joint intelligence operation by the United States and the Republic of China.”

“American U-2s were painted with ROC insignia, ROC pilots were under the command of a ROC (Air Force) colonel, overflight missions were planned by Washington, and both countries were recipients of the intelligence gathered over the mainland,” Leavitt wrote in a 2010 personal history of the Cold War published by the Air Force Research Institute in Alabama.

One of the first men to fly the U-2 for Taiwan was Mike Hua, who was there when the first of the planes arrived at Taoyuan Air Base in Taiwan in early 1961.

“The cover story was that the ROC (air force) had purchased the aircraft, that bore the (Taiwanese) national insignia. … To avoid being confused with other air force organizations stationed in Taoyuan, the section became the 35th Squadron with the Black Cat as its insignia,” Hua wrote in a 2002 history of the unit for the magazine Air Force Historical Foundation.

At the Taiwan airbase, Americans worked with the Taiwan pilots, helping to maintain the aircraft and process the information. They were know as Detachment H, according to Hua.

“All US personnel were ostensibly employees of the Lockheed Aircraft Company,” Hua wrote.

Code name: Razor

The ROC air force and US representatives inked an agreement on the operation, giving it the code name “Razor,” Hua wrote.

He described the intelligence gained by the flights as “tremendous” and said it was shared between Taipei and Washington.

“The missions covered the vast interior of the Chinese mainland, where almost no aerial photographs had ever been taken,” he wrote. “Each mission brought back an aerial photographic map of roughly 100 miles wide by 2,000 miles long, which revealed not only the precise location of a target, but also the activities on the ground.”

Other sensors on the spy planes gathered information on Chinese radar capabilities and more, he said.

Between January 1962 and May 1974, according to a history on Taiwan’s Defense Ministry’s website, the Black Cats flew 220 reconnaissance missions covering “more than 10 million square kilometers over 30 provinces in the Chinese mainland.”

When asked for further comment on the Black Cats, the ministry referred CNN to the published materials.

“The idea was that black cats go out at night, and the U-2 would usually launch in the darkness. Their cameras were the eyes, and it was very stealthy, quiet, and hard to get. And so combining the two stories, they became known as the Black Cats,” the author Pocock said in the documentary.

The squadron even had its own patch, reputedly drawn by one of its members, Lt. Col. Chen Huai-sheng, and inspired by a local establishment frequented by the pilots.

But the Black Cats, like Powers Sr. two years before, were about to find out their U-2s were not impervious to antiaircraft fire.

On September 9, 1962, Chen became the first U-2 pilot to be shot down by a People’s Liberation Army antiaircraft missile. His plane went down while on a mission over Nanchang, China.

Video Ad Feedback See photos showing US Navy recovering spy balloon from water 01:18 - Source: CNN

Shot down over China

In the following years, three more Black Cat U-2 pilots were killed on missions over China as the PLA figured out how to counter the U-2 missions.

“The mainland Chinese learned from their radars where these flights were going, what their targets were, and they began to build sites for the missiles but move them around,” Pocock said.

“So they would build a site here, occupy that site for a while but if they thought the next flight would be going over here, they would move the missiles. It was a cat-and-mouse game, literally a black cat and mouse game between the routines from the flights from Taiwan and those air defense troops of the (Chinese) mainland, working out where the next flight would go.”

In July 1964, Lt. Col. Lee Nan-ping’s U-2 was shot down by a PLA SA-2 missile over Chenghai, China. According to the Taiwan Defense Ministry he was flying out of a US naval air station in the Philippines and trying to gain information on China’s supply routes to North Vietnam.

In September 1967, a PLA missile hit the U-2 being flown by Capt. Hwang Rung-pei over Jiaxin, China, and in May 1969, Maj. Chang Hsieh suffered a “flight control failure” over the Yellow Sea while reconnoitering the coast of Hebei province, China. No trace of his U-2 was ever found, according to Taiwan’s Defense Ministry.

A U-2 Dragon Lady, from Beale Air Force Base, lands at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam, Hawaii, in 2017. US Air Force

Captured by the Communists

Two other Taiwanese U-2 pilots were shot down but survived, only to spend years in Communist captivity.

Maj. Robin Yeh was shot down in November 1963 over Jiujiang, Jiangxi province.

“The plane lost control when the explosion of the missile took out part of the left wing. The plane spiraled down. Lots of shrapnel flew into the plane and hit both of my legs,” Yeh, who died in 2016, recalled in “The Brave in the Upper Air: An Oral History of The Black Cat Squadron” published by Taiwan’s Defense Ministry.

He said that following his capture Chinese doctors removed 59 pieces of shrapnel from his legs, but couldn’t take it all out.

“It didn’t really affect my daily life, but during winter my legs would hurt, which affected my mobility. I guess this would be my lifelong memory,” Yeh said.

Maj. Jack Chang’s U-2 was hit by a missile over Inner Mongolia in 1965. He, too, suffered dozens of shrapnel injuries and bailed out, landing on a snowy landscape.

“It was dark at the time, preventing me from seeking help anyway, so I had to wrap myself up tightly with the parachute to keep myself warm … After ten hours when dawn broke, I saw a village of yurts afar, so I dragged myself and sought help there. I collapsed as soon as I reached a bed,” he recalled in the oral history.

Neither Yeh nor Chang, who were assumed killed in action, would see Taiwan again for decades. The pilots were eventually released in 1982 into Hong Kong, which at the time was still a British colony.

However, the world into which they emerged had changed greatly in the intervening years. The US no longer had a mutual defense treaty with Taiwan and had formally switched diplomatic recognition from Taipei to Beijing.

Though the Cold War US-Taiwan alliance was no longer, the CIA brought the two pilots to the US to live until they were finally allowed to return to Taiwan in 1990.

Members of the 5th Reconnaissance Squadron "Black Cats" work on a U-2 "Dragon Lady" at Osan Air Base on Oct. 22, 2020. US Air Force

No regrets

Indeed, by the time of their release CIA control of the U-2 program had long since ceased. It had turned the planes over to the US Air Force in 1974, according to a US Air Force history.

Two years later, the Air Force’s 99th Strategic Reconnaissance Squadron and its U-2s moved into Osan Air Base in South Korea. Commander Lt. Col. David Young gave the location the “Black Cat” moniker.

Today, the unit is known as the 5th Reconnaissance Squadron.

But US U-2s continue to be involved in what might be characterized as “cat-and-mouse” activities and their activities continue to make waves occasionally in China. In 2020, Beijing accused the US of sending a U-2 into a no-fly zone to “trespass” on live-fire exercises being conducted by China below.

The US Pacific Air Forces confirmed to CNN at the time that the flight had taken place, but said it did not violate any rules.

Meanwhile, for those involved in the original Black Cats, there are few regrets – even for those who were captured.

Yeh told the documentary makers he had fond memories of life at 70,000 feet.

“We were literally up in the air. The view we had was also different; we had the bird’s eye view. Everything we saw was vast,” he said.

Chang too felt no bitterness.

“I love flying,” he said. “I didn’t die, so I have no regrets.”Seoul, South Korea CNN —

North Korea fired off at least six short-range missiles on Thursday afternoon in what could be the opening salvo in weeks of military displays on both sides of the demilitarized zone separating the two Koreas, analysts said.

Photos released by state-run media on Friday showed North Korean leader Kim Jong Un attending the Hwasong artillery unit’s fire drill on the western front, along with his daughter and military officials.

Kim’s daughter, who’s believed to be called Ju Ae, has recently appeared at major events held in North Korea next to her father.

“Kim Jong Un examined the actual war response posture of the 8th fire assault company under the unit charged with striking the enemy’s operation airport in the direction of the western front,” state media reported.

About 28,000 American forces are stationed in South Korea where the United States Air Force operates two major airfields, in Osan, about 64 kilometers (40 miles) south of the capital Seoul, and Kunsan, located on the coast of the Yellow Sea in the western part of the country.

The missiles in Thursday’s North Korean test were fired into the Yellow Sea.

Shortly after the test, South Korea’s Joint Chiefs of Staff reported that North Korea had fired a short-range ballistic missile from the Nampo area in the country’s west.

State media reported that Kim said the artillery units should be prepared for two missions, “first to deter war and second to take the initiative in war, by steadily intensifying various simulated drills for real war.”

In this photo provided by the North Korean government, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, with his daughter, provides guidance to military officials at an undisclosed location in North Korea, Thursday, March 9, 2023. KCNA/AP

Pyongyang is conducting its winter training and the intelligence authorities of the US and South Korea are monitoring it, South Korea’s Defense Ministry spokesman said Thursday.

“Usually, training is held around until March,” ministry spokesman Jeon Ha-kyu added.

On Monday, US, South Korean and United Nations Command forces on the peninsula are expected to begin the 11-day Freedom Shield exercises, which “will integrate elements of ‘live exercises’ with constructive simulations,” US Forces Korea said in a statement last week.

At the same time, field training exercises dubbed Warrior Shield will take place, it said.

Meanwhile, the US and South Korean air forces have been conducting regular air exercises. This week, a US B-52 bomber was escorted by South Korean fighter jets as it flew into the South’s air defense identification zone, USFK said Monday.

The US-South Korea exercises are expected to be the largest the two allies have put on in years, since they scaled back such military displays in 2017 when then-US President Donald Trump tried to offer an opening for North Korea to negotiate an end to its long-range missile and nuclear weapons programs.

That opening has long since closed, with North Korea last year conducting a record number of missile tests while pledging to develop its nuclear program to arm the missiles.

The North’s missile testing has slowed in 2023, but tensions on the Korean Peninsula remain high.

Analysts see little reason to think things will cool down.

“This is likely only the beginning of a series of provocative tests by North Korea,” Leif-Eric Easley, a professor at Ehwa Womans University in Seoul, said of Thursday’s missile firings.

“Pyongyang is poised to respond aggressively to major US-South Korea defense exercises, as well as to President Yoon’s upcoming summits with (Japanese) Prime Minister (Fumio) Kishida and (US) President (Joe) Biden.”

“The Kim regime may order missile firings of longer ranges, attempt a spy satellite launch, demonstrate a solid-fuel engine, and perhaps even conduct a nuclear test,” Easley said.Hong Kong CNN —

The outgoing president of Micronesia has accused China of engaging in “political warfare” in the Pacific, in an explosive letter advocating for the the dissolution of diplomatic ties with Beijing.

In the 13-page letter, which CNN has obtained, David Panuelo alleges China is preparing to invade the self-ruled island of Taiwan, and has engaged in bribery, political interference and even “direct threats” to ensure the Federated States of Micronesia (FSM) remains neutral in the event of war.

China dismissed the letter’s contents as “smears and accusations.”

“I would like to emphasize that China has always upheld the equality of all countries – no matter their size – and has always respected how Micronesia chooses its own development, based on its own circumstances,” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Mao Ning said Friday in a regular press briefing.

Panuelo, who has previously been critical of Beijing’s actions in the Pacific region, revealed he had considered switching diplomatic recognition to Taipei.

“China is seeking to ensure that, in the event of a war in our Blue Pacific continent between themselves and Taiwan, that the FSM is, at best, aligned with the PRC (China) instead of the United States, and, at worst, that the FSM chooses to ‘abstain’ altogether,” he wrote.

The Chinese Communist Party claims the self-ruling democracy of Taiwan as its own territory – despite having never governed it – and has refused to rule out the use of force to “reunify” it with mainland China.

Panuelo also accused China of “political warfare” in his country, which he claimed included overt activities – such as political alliances, economic measures and public propaganda – and clandestine acts such as “bribery, psychological warfare, and blackmail”.

“One of the reasons that China’s political warfare is successful in so many arenas is that we are bribed to be complicit, and bribed to be silent. That’s a heavy word, but it is an accurate description regardless,” he wrote in the letter.

CNN has reached out to Panuelo an Taiwan’s foreign ministry for comment.

Panuelo, whose term in office is set to expire in two months after losing his seat in the recent general election, has been president of Micronesia since 2019.

He has previously spoken out on China’s growing influence in the South Pacific, including warning against Beijing’s proposal of a sweeping regional security deal with 10 Pacific Island nations.

Last May, in a separate letter to 22 Pacific leaders seen by CNN, Panuelo said the draft proposal was intended to shift Pacific Island nations with diplomatic ties to China “very close into Beijing’s orbit.”

He argued that in addition to impacting the sovereignty of Pacific Island nations, signing such an agreement could bring about a new “Cold War” amid tensions between China and the West.

China ultimately failed in its bid to strike the security pact with Pacific Island nations.

The release of Panuelo’s latest – and most explosive – letter comes amid heightened concern from regional powers over Beijing’s ambitions in the Indo-Pacific.

The Pacific Islands’ location, largely to the northeast of Australia, means the island nations have long been viewed by military strategists as a vital connecting thread between the US territory of Guam and US-allied Australia.

Both the US and Australia are wary of a China that has grown increasingly assertive in the South China Sea extending its reach further west into Pacific waters, including toward the FSM, an archipelago of more than 600 islands.

Meanwhile, the island nations themselves – typically more concerned about the ravages of climate change than geopolitics – have been wary of being viewed as pawns in a great power struggle.

China’s interest in building rapport with the Pacific Islands countries is not new.

In the early 2000s, as the US was turning its attention toward perceived threats in the Middle East, a newly outward-looking China was starting on a path to become an economic and diplomatic partner for Pacific island countries.

A focal point of Beijing’s outreach was to win friends away from Taiwan, which is now only formally recognized by four of 14 South Pacific nations, after the Solomon Islands and Kiribati switched allegiance to China in 2019.

In recent years, as Beijing has pursued a more assertive foreign policy and expanded development funding globally in a bid to enhance its international sway, its visibility in the Pacific Islands, too, has grown.

China has backed widely publicized projects in some Pacific Island countries – a national sports stadium to host the Pacific Games in the Solomon Islands, highways in Papua New Guinea, bridges in Fiji – and sent high-level envoys to the region, including two visits from Chinese leader Xi Jinping, once in 2014 and again in 2018.

It’s also become a major trading partner for Pacific Island economies.CNN —

Here is a look at the life of former Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte.

Personal

Birth date: March 28, 1945

Birth place: Maasin, Southern Leyte, Philippines

Birth name: Rodrigo Roa Duterte

Father: Vicente Duterte, lawyer and politician

Mother: Soledad (Roa) Duterte, teacher

Marriage: Elizabeth Zimmerman (annulled in 2000)

Children: with Elizabeth Zimmerman: Paolo, Sebastian and Sara; with Honeylet Avanceña: Veronica

Education: Lyceum of the Philippines University, B.A.,1968; San Beda College, J.D.,1972

Religion: Roman Catholic

Other Facts

Duterte was mayor of Davao City for seven terms and 22 years, although not consecutively.

His father was the governor of unified Davao and a member of President Ferdinand Marcos’ cabinet.

Duterte’s daughter, Sara Duterte, was the mayor of Davao City.

Once compared himself to Adolf Hitler, saying he would kill millions of drug addicts.

Cursed Pope Francis for traffic problems caused by the pontiff’s visit to the Philippines.

For decades, he has allegedly been tied to “death squads” in Davao City.

Has declared that he will urge Congress to restore the death penalty by hanging in the Philippines.

Timeline

1977-1986 - Special counsel, and then city prosecutor of Davao City.

1986-1988 - Vice-Mayor of Davao City.

1988-1998 - Mayor of Davao City.

1995 - After Flor Contemplacion, a Filipino domestic worker, is hanged in Singapore for murdering her co-worker in 1991, Duterte leads protestors in burning the Singapore flag.

1998-2001 - Becomes a congressman representing Davao City’s 1st District.

2001-2010 - Mayor of Davao City.

April 6, 2009 - Human Rights Watch publishes the findings of its “Davao Death Squad” investigation, scrutinizing more than two dozen killings that occurred in 2007 and 2008. Findings show no direct link to the killings and Duterte but do provide evidence of a complicit relationship between government officials and members of the DDS.

May 24, 2015 - He vows to execute 100,000 criminals and dump their bodies into Manila Bay.

April 2016 - Duterte comes under fire after making a controversial comment during a campaign rally about a 1989 prison riot that led to the rape and murder of a female missionary. According to a CNN Philippines translation of the video, he says, “they raped her, they lined up to her. I was angry she was raped, yes that was one thing. But she was so beautiful, I thought the mayor should have been first. What a waste.” His party issues an apology, but Duterte later disowns it.

May 30, 2016 - The Philippine Congress officially declares Duterte the winner of the May 9th presidential election after the official count is completed.

June 30, 2016 - Takes office as president.

August 5, 2016 - In a speech, he claims he told US Secretary of State John Kerry that US Ambassador to the Philippines Philip Goldberg is a “gay son of a bitch.”

September 7, 2016 - Duterte and US President Barack Obama meet briefly in Laos while attending the yearly Association of Southeast Asian Nations summit. The two were scheduled to meet prior for bilateral talks regarding the South China Sea, but Obama canceled their meeting as Duterte’s fiery rhetoric escalated.

September 15, 2016 - A witness, Edgar Matobato, testifies before a Philippine Senate committee, claiming he is a member of Duterte’s alleged “Davao Death Squad,” and that the Philippine president gave orders to kill drug dealers, rapists and thieves. The committee was set up to probe alleged extrajudicial killings in the three months since Duterte became president.

October 4, 2016 - The Philippines and the United States begin joint military exercises in Manila for what Duterte claims will be the final time under the decade-long landmark Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement.

October 20, 2016 - Duterte announces at the PH-China Trade & Investment Forum, “In this venue I announce my separation from the US; militarily, [but] not socially, [and] economically.”

November 29, 2016 - Nine members of Duterte’s security team are injured after their convoy is hit by an explosive device in advance of a planned visit by the president to Marawi City.

December 12, 2016 - Admits to killing suspected criminals during his time as mayor of Davao City.

November 9, 2017 - Ahead of APEC meetings with regional leaders, Duterte tells a group of Filipino expatriates, in the central Vietnamese city of Da Nang, that he stabbed someone to death when he was 16.

November 13, 2017 - US President Donald Trump and Duterte “briefly” discussed human rights and the Philippines’ bloody war on drugs during their closed-door conversation, the White House announces. However, the spokesman for Duterte tells reporters that “human rights did not arise” during the meeting.

February 8, 2018 - The International Criminal Court (ICC) says it is opening a preliminary examination of the situation in the Philippines regarding extra-judicial killings. The examination “will analyze crimes allegedly committed … in the context of the ‘war on drugs’ campaign,” specifically since July 1, 2016. Duterte’s spokesman tells reporters that the president “welcomes this preliminary examination because he is sick and tired of being accused of the commission of crimes against humanity.”

December 5, 2018 - The ICC reports that they have a “reasonable basis to proceed with the preliminary examination” into the alleged extra-judicial killings of thousands of people since July 1, 2016.

March 17, 2019 - The Philippines officially leaves the ICC. The action, taken after a 12-month waiting period required by ICC statute, follows an initial announcement made March 14, 2018.

October 5, 2020 - Duterte reveals he has a chronic neuromuscular disease. In a speech in Moscow, he tells a crowd of Filipinos living in the Russian capital he had myasthenia gravis, which he describes as a “nerve malfunction,” reports CNN Philippines.

March 12, 2020 - Duterte places Metro Manila under community quarantine from March 15 to April 14 to contain the new coronavirus (COVID-19) spread in the metropolis.

March 23, 2020 - The Senate, in a 12-0 vote, approve a bill declaring the existence of a national emergency and granting Duterte additional powers to address the COVID-19 crisis. The additional powers will remain in effect for at least three months or until the state of calamity in the entire country is lifted.

November 15, 2021 - Files to run for senator in the 2022 election. Duterte is not eligible to run for president again, and his daughter, Sara Duterte-Carpio, is running for vice president.

December 14, 2021 - Duterte withdraws his bid to become a senator in the 2022 election.

June 30, 2022 - Duterte steps down as president.CNN —

At least two people have died as the result of the ongoing storms inundating California, and nearly 10,000 residents are under evacuation orders, officials said, as intense flooding threatens several coastal counties.

The powerful storms have delivered heavy rainfall across the central and northern parts of the state, prompting the Weather Prediction Center to issue a Level 4 of 4 warning of excessive rainfall in the area.

Meanwhile, the state of emergency declaration requested by Gov. Gavin Newsom Thursday night has been approved by President Joe Biden, clearing the way for financial help in responding to the storm’s onslaught and recovery, said Nancy Ward, director of the state’s Office of Emergency Services.

Some 25 million people are under flood alerts issued by the National Weather Service, and more than 25,000 are without electricity, according to PowerOutage.us.

Some isolated areas of the state have received more than a foot of rain, according to the National Weather Service, as the heaviest rain will shift south and lessen in intensity this evening and into the overnight hours. But rain will continue through the weekend and could lead to more flooding concerns.

As residents in many of California’s mountain communities remain trapped by snow from back-to-back winter storms, another significant atmospheric river event is expected to impact the region early next week.

The National Water Center said, “Multiple rounds of rainfall in addition to melting snow will result in the potential for significant rises along streams and rivers, with widespread flooding impacts possible through early next week.”

Two fatalities have been confirmed and approximately 9,400 residents are under evacuation orders, Ward said at a Friday news conference.

Flash flooding is expected to be a particular concern in California’s central coast to the Sierra Nevada foothills over the next six to eight hours, David Lawrence from the National Weather Service said. More than a dozen shelters have been opened in nine counties to house those forced from their homes, Ward added.

CalTrans, the state’s transportation department, has about 4,000 crew members working 12-hour shifts during this weather event, who are already removing downed trees and clearing drainage culverts to minimize flooding, deputy director John McKeever said. The California National Guard has deployed 36 high water vehicles to respond to rescues as well, added Cal Guard’s David Kauffman.

In Fresno County, three elderly women, including a 104-year-old, were rescued after being stranded in a house, Fresno County Sheriff John Zanoni said. By Friday afternoon, floodwaters in the county had “risen considerably” and an evacuation order was put in place for all residents, according to the sheriff’s office.

The worst rainfall and most significant impacts expected to persist through the day Friday. Hourly rainfall rates will steadily increase in intensity across California through Friday morning, potentially reaching 1 inch per hour.

Parts of the Sierra Nevada above 8,000 feet could get hit with 8 feet of snow. Creeks and streams in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada mountains remain the most vulnerable areas for flooding from rain and snowmelt, the Weather Prediction Center said.

A person walks as snow falls above snowbanks piled up from previous storms during another winter storm in the Sierra Nevada mountains on March 10, 2023 in Mammoth Lakes, California. Mario Tama/Getty Images

A separate system is also delivering snow to a large swath of the central US with winter weather alerts in place Friday from South Dakota to Connecticut. The storm has already tallied widespread snowfall totals between 2 and 5 inches, with an area along the Illinois-Wisconsin border getting between 6 and 8 inches.

In Minneapolis, up to 2 inches of snow could fall on top of the 2.1 inches already on the ground. And in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, about 4 inches of snow has already fallen with the possibility of another 5 inches coming today.

Heavy snow overnight across Wisconsin knocked out power to nearly 110,000 customers, according to PowerOutage.us, including about 89,000 in Milwaukee County.

California residents trapped, videos show raging floodwaters

As of Friday, 34 of California’s 58 counties are under a state of emergency issued by the governor’s office due to previous storms and this week’s severe weather threat. The state also activated its flood operations center Thursday morning.

A video captured by a Springville resident in Tulare County from his car on Friday showed rushing floodwater below a bridge striking a home.

“Not looking good in Springville,” Brian Duke captioned the video he posted on Facebook. “Authorities are evacuating everyone along the river. It’s getting worse by the minute.”

The Tulare County Sheriff’s Office said Friday evening it was receiving reports of widespread flooding, collapsed bridges, downed trees and separated roads, urging residents to take the storm seriously and heed officials’ orders.

About 700 residents in Soquel, California, located in Santa Cruz County, are trapped after a pipe failure led to intense flooding and collapse of the one road connecting the community to the rest of the region, Steve Wiesner, Santa Cruz County assistant public works director, told CNN.

Soquel resident Molly Watson shared a photo with CNN showing a large piece of road washed out by floodwaters in the town. Cracked pavement appears to sink into the rushing water as emergency crews stand on once piece of road and residents on the other.

“This is the one road that leads into town,” Watson said. “We are now an island.”

Residents of Soquel, California, are trapped after intense flooding caused the area's main road to collapse. Courtesy Molly Watson

The residents will remain isolated until a new crossing can be prepared, which could take days, Wiesner said.

One person died and another was injured when a warehouse roof partially collapsed in Oakland Friday morning in what is likely a weather-related incident, a fire official said.

In the community of Felton also in Santa Cruz County, resident Tom Fredericks lamented the fatigue from the unrelenting series of severe storms since the start of the year.

“We’ve been working every week, every week when we can since then,” Fredericks told CNN affiliate KGO. “It’s just starting right now to feel like it was before the storms. So this is kind of discouraging to be facing it all over again.”

From late December into January, many areas across the state were inundated with torrential rain from atmospheric rivers that lasted for consecutive days. The rainfall caused deadly flooding, mudslides and damaged critical infrastructure that has not been yet repaired in some places, which elevates the potential danger associated with this week’s storm.

This week’s atmospheric rivers – which are long, narrow bands of moisture in the atmosphere that carry warm air and water vapor from the tropics – could possibly be even more threatening due to their warmth, forecasters have said.

Rainfall totals through Sunday morning could range from 1.5 to 3 inches for most urban areas with between 3 and 6 inches in the coast ranges and inland hills. Up to 8 inches over the Santa Cruz Mountains and locally up to 12 inches over favored peaks and higher terrain of the Santa Lucia Mountains.

The looming forecast led some ski resorts to announce closings. Kirkwood Mountain Resort said it would not open Friday, as did the Northstar California Resort and the Heavenly Resort in South Lake Tahoe, on Nevada’s border with central California.CNN —

Millions of Californians already hammered by ferocious snowfall were hit Thursday by a new storm, with torrential rain threatening to cause dangerous flooding and the Weather Prediction Center increasing its excessive rainfall outlook for parts of the state to a level 4 of 4.

“If you have feet of snow on your roof, all of a sudden that’s going to get very, very heavy. That snow is going to absorb the rainfall,” CNN Meteorologist Chad Myers warned Thursday.

“And then in the higher elevations, it will wash away some of that snowfall. So, rain on snow will begin to fill up parts of the San Joaquin Valley.”

About 16.7 million people are under flood watches in California and slices of Nevada. Hourly rainfall rates will steadily increase in intensity across California from Thursday overnight through Friday morning, potentially reaching 1 inch per hour.

The level 4 excessive rainfall warning is targeted to two sections in central California – the coast from Salinas southward to San Luis Obispo and areas in the foothills of the Sierras near Fresno – Thursday overnight into Friday. The last time the Bay Area and Central Coast were in “high risk” was in 2010, the National Weather Service office in San Francisco said.

Much of the state is under some risk of excessive rainfall Thursday and Friday.

“An atmospheric river will bring anomalous moisture to California Thursday and Friday. The combination of heavy precipitation and rapid snow melt below 5,000 feet will result in flooding,” the prediction center said Wednesday, adding that “numerous” floods are likely for millions.

The atmospheric river is easily visible on satellite, extending out just south of Hawaii. Rain will increase as the main moisture plume moves south into our area. #atmosphericriver #socal #carain #satellite pic.twitter.com/6llbpU3AZB — NWS Los Angeles (@NWSLosAngeles) March 10, 2023

The most vulnerable areas for flooding from rain and snowmelt are creeks and streams in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada, the prediction center said.

Higher elevations will see heavy, wet snow. “This will lead to difficult travel, and combined with an already deep snowpack, may lead to increasing impacts from the depth and weight of the snow,” the prediction center said.

The bleak forecast spurred officials across central and Northern California to urge residents to prepare, with residents in one area advised to stock up on essentials for two weeks. Others were asked to use sandbags to protect their properties and clear their waterways to lessen any flooding impacts.

Sandbags are seen in Santa Clara County, California, as communities prepare for the threat of a new storm on Wednesday, March 8, 2023. KGO

“We are asking people to watch their news, stay informed, have a full tank of gas in case they need to evacuate, get snow off of their roof if they can, if it’s safe,” Lt. Gov. Eleni Kounalakis told CNN on Thursday. “And just be very vigilant and prepared, because we are in the era of extreme weather, and that’s what we are seeing this week.”

Here’s what the storm could bring:

• Heavy rainfall: The National Weather Service in San Francisco forecasts rainfall totals through Sunday morning will be from 1.5-3 inches for most urban areas with 3-6 inches in some hilly areas. As many as 8 inches could fall on the Santa Cruz Mountains and locally up to 12 inches over some peaks and higher terrain of the Santa Lucia Mountains. The National Weather Service in Los Angeles is forecasting 2-4 inches across Santa Barbara and San Luis Obispo counties, with some areas in the latter receiving as many as 10 inches through late Friday night. The Weather Prediction Center said: “The abnormally warm and wet conditions moving in are expected to cause rapid snowmelt.”

• Ferocious winds: More than 15 million people across central and Northern California, northern Nevada and southwestern Idaho are under high wind alerts. Wind gusts could reach up to 55 mph across lower elevations and up to 70 mph across peaks and mountains. Strong winds could knock down power lines and trees – exacerbating thousands of existing power outages from previous storms that dumped heavy snow, particularly in higher elevations.

• More intense snow: Parts of the Sierra Nevada above 8,000 feet could get hit with 8 feet of snow. And some higher elevations across southern Oregon and the Rocky Mountains in Idaho, Montana and Wyoming could get pounded by 2 feet of snowfall between Thursday and Friday.

Already, 34 of California’s 58 counties are under a state of emergency issued by the governor’s office due to previous storms and this week’s severe weather. The state activated its flood operations center Thursday morning.

The forecast also led some ski resorts to announce closings. Kirkwood Mountain Resort said it would not open Friday, as did the Northstar California resort and the Heavenly resort in South Lake Tahoe, on Nevada’s border with California.

Meanwhile, the Eastern Sierra Avalanche Center issued a backcountry avalanche warning for sections of Mono County, according to the National Weather Service in Reno, Nevada.

Many of the areas preparing for Thursday’s storm have not had a chance to recover from the multiple rounds of fierce snow that buried some neighborhoods and made roads inaccessible as residents ran low on essential supplies.

In hard-hit San Bernardino County, one of the recent storms claimed the life of a resident in a car crash, the sheriff’s department told CNN on Wednesday.

Video Ad Feedback Grandson reveals 81-year-old's reaction after surviving in snowbank for a week 02:44 - Source: CNN

How local officials are preparing

As the storm hits central California, some urban flooding along with flooding from the smaller creeks and streams is likely. Eventually, more roads are expected to flood as the main rivers rise, said Katrina Hand, a meteorologist at the weather service’s Sacramento office.

San Francisco officials urged small businesses to clear storm drains, stock up on inventory, use sandbags and ensure equipment is properly stored. They also suggested employers consider adjusting their work schedules for workers’ safety.

In Merced, crews tried to clear storm drains and fortify creek banks ahead of the storm.

City officials said flooding from previous, deadly rounds of atmospheric rivers that battered much of the state in January has made the city’s water ways unsafe.

Atmospheric rivers are long, narrow bands of moisture in the atmosphere that carry warm air and water vapor from the tropics.

“The city urges all residents to avoid these waterways and walking paths,” Merced officials said. “Because of ground saturation and erosion from prior storms, expect to see more debris in creek flows.”

In San Luis Obispo, city officials on Wednesday said residents should be informed on flood insurance policies and be prepared to protect their homes. On Thursday, they issued an evacuation order for residents south of the Arroyo Grande Creek Levee.

Evacuation warnings were also issued for residents in low-lying areas of Santa Cruz County and for people in Tulare County.

In the Big Sur area, officials urged residents to have enough food and other essentials for at least two weeks. The Big Sur area, a roughly 90-mile stretch of California’s central coast, is one of the area’s renowned tourist attractions with rugged cliffs, mountains and hidden beaches along the Pacific Coast Highway.

In Kern County, home to Bakersfield, fire officials urged residents to create emergency kits and to be aware of escape routes and safe areas to seek shelter if needed. Officials also encouraged the use of sandbags to protect properties.

And in Sacramento, city officials said they intend to open overnight warming centers beginning Friday in preparation for the expected heavy rainfall and low temperatures.CNN —

After three consecutive years of an unusually stubborn pattern, La Niña has officially ended and El Niño is on the way, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said Thursday.

That could mean a less active Atlantic hurricane season, a more active season in the Pacific – and another spike in global temperatures, forecasters say.

El Niño is associated with a band of warm ocean water that forms in the central and eastern Pacific Ocean, which has consequences for weather patterns around the globe.

NOAA’s Climate Prediction Center said “neutral conditions” are in place now and are expected to last through early summer in the Northern Hemisphere for the first time since the initial La Niña advisory was issued in September 2020.

La Niña has ended and #ENSO-neutral conditions are expected to continue through the Northern Hemisphere spring and early summer 2023. This is the final #LaNina Advisory for this event. https://t.co/5zlzaZ1aZx pic.twitter.com/dXOLGmOP7I — NWS Climate Prediction Center (@NWSCPC) March 9, 2023

The prediction center also wrote its forecast now favors “El Niño forming during summer 2023 and persisting through the fall.”

The transition to El Niño during the later summer months could have major influence over the Atlantic and Pacific hurricane seasons.

“Tropical cyclone activity in the North Atlantic is more sensitive to El Niño influences than in any other ocean basin,” NOAA said.

Generally, El Niño reduces Atlantic hurricane activity, but has the opposite result in the Pacific, where warmer waters can produce more intense hurricanes.

The warmer the Pacific Ocean is, especially in the eastern region, tropical cyclone quantity and strength can tend to increase. The Atlantic, however, sees fewer hurricanes as a result of increased upper-level winds that prevent hurricanes from developing.

El Niño impacts California

El Niño also significantly impacts California’s weather and could mean a continuation of the current wet pattern already plaguing the state. Traditionally, El Niño brings increased rain and snow across the Golden State, especially in the cool season, leading to flooding, landslides, and coastal erosion.

“Southern California is generally much more impacted with El Nino conditions bringing higher than normal precipitation,” the National Weather Service in Sacramento, California said.

But having a very robust La Niña winter could still have lingering effects this summer even as we transition into more of an El Niño pattern.

“Even though La Niña is coming to an end we are likely to see latent impacts for some time to come and therefore some of the … rainfall impacts of La Niña may still continue,” the World Meteorological Organization said.

“The lingering impacts of multi-year La Niña is basically due to its long duration, and continuous circulation anomaly, which are different from the single-peak La Niña event.”

That’s a cause for concern for many Californians, given the surplus of moisture across the state in the past two months.

Increased risk for global heat waves

The more widespread concern with the return to El Niño conditions for the first time since the summer of 2019 will be the warming ocean’s impact on global temperatures and heat waves.

“If we do now enter an El Niño phase, this is likely to fuel another spike in global temperatures,” said WMO Secretary-General Petteri Taalas.

In fact, 2022 was the warmest La Niña on record, and adding the additional heat of El Niño means the next year or two will likely climb even higher on the list of hottest years on record.

“La Niña’s cooling effect put a temporary brake on rising global temperatures, even though the past eight-year period was the warmest on record,” said Taalas.

El Niño and La Niña are major drivers of Earth’s climate patterns, but not the only ones.

The North Atlantic Oscillation, the Arctic Oscillation and the Indian Ocean Dipole are also have influence and are taken into account for the WMO’s global seasonal climate updates.

The change in La Niña and El Niño patterns contributes to a widespread prediction of above-normal temperatures over land areas, according to those updates.

“The El Niño and La Niña phenomenon occurs naturally,” the WMO said. “But it is taking place against a background of human-induced climate change, which is increasing global temperatures, affecting seasonal rainfall patterns, and making our weather more extreme.”CNN —

An atmospheric river is a plume of moisture that helps carry saturated air from the tropics to higher latitudes, delivering unrelenting rain or snow.

Think of it as a fire hose that aims at – then drenches – a particular region.

Typically 250 to 375 miles wide, atmospheric rivers can stretch more than a thousand miles long, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says.

In the western US, they account for 30% to 50% of annual precipitation.

While atmospheric rivers are an incredibly important source of rainfall, they can also bring flash flooding, mudslides and landslides, sometimes killing people and destroying property.

“When atmospheric rivers pass over land they can cause conditions similar to those of hurricanes with intense and rapid rainfall, cyclone force winds, and significantly increased wave heights,” NOAA says.

Atmospheric rivers happen all over the world

Ten or more atmospheric rivers can be happening at once across the globe.

A well-known and strong one is the Pineapple Express, with moisture transported from the tropical Pacific around Hawaii to the US and Canadian West Coasts.

The eastern half of the US also experiences atmospheric rivers, with moisture pulled from the Gulf of Mexico.

“Atmospheric rivers are more frequent on the East Coast than they are on the West Coast,” said Jason Cordeira, associate professor of meteorology at Plymouth State University. “They’re just not as impactful and don’t usually produce as much rainfall.”

Western Europe and North Africa also experience frequent atmospheric rivers, as do New Zealand and Australia.

Flooding blocks roads in 2023 in Auckland, New Zealand from an atmospheric river. Fiona Goodall/Getty Images

Most notable atmospheric river events

• In the winter of 2023, a series of atmospheric rivers sent an unprecedented amount of moisture to drought-parched California. Over roughly three weeks, parts of the state got between 2 and 3 feet of rain. The coast was battered by 30-foot waves, and the state endured 100-mph winds. At least 20 people died.

Ryan Orosco carries his 7-year-old son, Johnny, on his back while his wife, Amanda, waits at the front porch to be rescued from their flooded home in Brentwood, California, on Monday, January 16. Jose Carlos Fajardo/East Bay Times/Getty Images An abandoned car is trapped on a flooded street in San Diego on January 16. Mike Blake/Reuters Joey Klien salvages items from his house on January 16 after part of it was flooded in Carmel Valley. Daniel Dreifuss.Reuters Damage caused by recent storms is seen at the Capitola Pier on Sunday, January 15. The pier was built in 1857. David McNew/AFP/Getty Images Melissa Foley clears debris in her neighborhood as the San Lorenzo River rises in Felton on Saturday, January 14. David Swanson/Reuters A flooded field is seen in Salinas as the Salinas River begins to overflow its banks on Friday, January 13. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images National Guard troops, sheriff's office personnel and firefighters search for missing 5-year-old Kyle Doan near San Miguel on Thursday, January 12. Doan was pulled from his mother's hands by rushing floodwaters on January 9. San Luis Obispo County Sheriff's Office/AP Kelly Slate packs a mirror in the back of a truck after her home was flooded in Planada on Wednesday, January 11. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images A car drives through floodwaters in Planada on January 11. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Residents in Piru work to push back wet mud that trapped cars and invaded some houses on January 11. David McNew/Getty Images A person walks near driftwood and storm debris that washed up in front of the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk amusement park. Mario Tama/Getty Images A San Diego firefighter rescues a dog from a flooded home in Merced on Tuesday, January 10. Josh Edelson/AFP/Getty Images Pauline Torres carries belongings from her flooded home in Merced on January 10. Noah Berger/AP A neighborhood is flooded in Merced. Josh Edelson/AFP/Getty Images Matt O'Brien shovels mud from a driveway on January 10 after the San Lorenzo River overflowed in Felton. Nic Coury/AP Several people had to be rescued after two vehicles fell into this sinkhole in Chatsworth on January 10. David Swanson/Reuters Commuters in downtown Los Angeles are shuttled over a flooded section of a pedestrian walkway leading to train platforms on the main level of Union Station. Genaro Molina/Los Angeles Times/Getty Images Cleanup takes place in Aptos on January 9 after streets and homes were flooded near the Rio Del Mar State Beach. Melina Mara/The Washington Post via Getty Images People arrive at an evacuation center in Santa Barbara on January 9. Ringo H.W. Chiu/AP A crew member is reflected in pools of water while setting up the red carpet for the Golden Globe Awards in Los Angeles. Allen J. Schaben/Los Angeles Times via Getty Images A home is flooded in Gilroy on January 9. Josh Edelson/AFP/Getty Images Colleen Kumada-McGowan stands in floodwaters in front of her home in Watsonville on January 9. Brontë Wittpenn/San Francisco Chronicle via AP Crews work to clear a mudslide on Highway 17 in Scotts Valley. Carlos Avila Gonzalez/San Francisco Chronicle via AP Naia Skogerson leaves her home in Aptos. Nic Coury/AP A road is damaged in Scotts Valley on January 9. Neal Waters/Anadolu Agency via Getty Images This aerial photo shows a tree that fell in Sacramento on January 8. Fred Greaves/Reuters Santa Cruz residents clear storm debris and stack sandbags near their homes on January 7. Mike Kai Chen/The New York Times/Redux Sandbages are piled in front of a door in Capitola on January 6. Mike Kai Chen/The New York Times/Redux Boone White leaps from his car after a large tree fell on it while he was driving near Capitola. Shmuel Thaler/The Santa Cruz Sentinel via AP A support piece from the Capitola Wharf is seen inside the storm-damaged restaurant Zelda's on the Beach. Shmuel Thaler/The Santa Cruz Sentinel via AP Evan Sousa, left, gets help from Calvin Drake as they push water out of his flooded apartment in Pacifica on January 5. Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group via AP Henry Valletta cuts up a downed tree in Sacramento on January 5. Max Whittaker/The New York Times/Redux Residents walk in a damaged area of Aptos on January 5. Carlos Barria/Reuters Dominic King, owner of the restaurant My Thai Beach, surveys storm damage at his business in Capitola. Nic Coury/AP A vineyard is flooded in Walnut Grove on January 4. Max Whittaker/The New York Times/Redux Drivers in San Francisco barrel into standing water on Interstate 101 on January 4. Josh Edelson/AFP/Getty Images Khaled Dajani clears water from his flooded living room in San Francisco on December 31. Mike Kai Chen/The New York Times/Redux California's flooding, in pictures Prev Next

• In October of 2021, a strong atmospheric river hit the San Francisco Bay area exceptionally hard. Winds exceeded 80 mph, and 60-foot waves were recorded. In just three days, the storm delivered as much as 15% of annual rainfall to the region.

• California’s megaflood of 1861 is the state’s most catastrophic atmospheric river. The 43-day pounding by unrelenting rain turned the Central Valley into an inland sea. Thousands of people died, and downtown Sacramento was submerged in 10 feet of water and mudslide debris.

Climate change and its impact on atmospheric rivers

As the world warms, the atmosphere can hold more moisture – which will lead to rainier atmospheric river events.

A road in in California's Santa Cruz Mountains was partially washed away by torrential rain caused by an atmospheric river. Neal Waters/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images

“It’s expected that as the air temperatures increase, the air can hold more water vapor, and therefore any storms that are comprised of water vapor will have more of it,” Cordeira explained.

“So, an atmospheric river, which is defined as a region of water vapor, will likely become more intense. Their frequency may not be more common, but their intensity could become larger.”

Atmospheric rivers will be “significantly longer and wider than the ones we observe today, leading to more frequent atmospheric river conditions in affected areas,” a NASA-led study found.

The frequency of the most intense atmospheric rivers will likely double, the study found.CNN —

An Australian judge has been widely criticized for asking a breastfeeding mother to leave a public gallery in his courtroom and then defending his decision as “self-explanatory.”

Mark Gamble, a judge in the County Court of Victoria, told the woman, who was feeding her child under a blanket while observing the trial, that she needed to leave because it might be “distraction for the jury,” CNN affiliate 9News reported.

The news network reported that the woman, who wished to remain anonymous, told a local newspaper she felt shocked and degraded and started crying after leaving the courtroom in Melbourne.

Naomi Hull of the Australian Breastfeeding Association told 9News she was “completely shocked” by the incident.

“It’s really disappointing to hear that this kind of thing is still happening,” she added.

Ingrid Stitt, minister for early childhood in the state of Victoria, said she understood the state’s attorney-general would talk to the courts about the issue, CNN affiliate 7News reported.

“I mean, it’s 2023 for goodness sake, and women should never (feel) that they can’t actually feed their child, which is perfectly natural and a pretty basic thing,” she said.

“We need to be able to make women feel that there’s nothing wrong with them caring for their child, including feeding their child in public places.”

Gamble later explained the decision to the jury, who were not in the courtroom when he asked the woman to leave.

“It should all be self-explanatory, members of the jury,” he said, according to 9News.

“What I said was this, and I am reading from the transcripts: ‘Madam, you will not be permitted to breastfeed a baby in court. I’m sorry. I will have to ask you to leave. It will be a distraction for the jury at the very least. Thank you,’” he added.

In 2016, the Australian Parliament changed its rules to allow female lawmakers to nurse their infants in the chamber, and in 2017, then-Queensland Sen. Larissa Waters became the first person to breastfeed in federal parliament.

According to the Australian Breastfeeding Association, “a mother’s right to breastfeed her child is protected by law both federally and in every State and Territory,” and under the country’s federal Sex Discrimination Act 1984, it is illegal to discriminate against a person either directly or indirectly on the grounds of breastfeeding.

In the state of Victoria, discrimination due to breastfeeding is illegal in the areas of “accommodation, clubs, education, employment, goods and services, selling and transferring land, and sport,” the association adds, though it does not mention courtrooms specifically.

CNN has reached out to the County Court of Victoria for comment.CNN —

Georgia’s parliament on Friday formally revoked a controversial “foreign influence” bill that sparked major protests amid concerns that it resembled Russian laws used to stifle political dissent.

Georgian lawmakers voted against the bill in its second reading by a margin of 35 to one, according to Georgia’s public broadcaster First Channel.

Friday’s vote came a day after the country’s ruling party announced it would scrap the proposed legislation, hours after tens of thousands of people rallied outside the Georgian parliament for a second night of protests. Senior officials in the US and the European Union also expressed concern over the bill.

The controversial legislation would have required organizations receiving 20% or more of their annual income from abroad to register as “foreign agents” or face heavy fines – a proposal that rights experts warned would have a chilling effect on civil society in the country and damage its democracy.

Georgian lawmakers formally repealed a controversial "foreign influence" bill on March 10, 2023, after widespread demonstrations against the proposed legislation rocked parts of the country. Parliament of Georgia/Reuters

A demonstrator in Georgia, pictured on March 9, 2023, wears an EU flag during a protest against the proposed "foreign agents" bill. Zurab Javakhadze/Reuters

Georgia won its independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, and has since sought to strike a diplomatic balance between its citizens’ pro-European stance and the geopolitical ambitions of its powerful neighbor, Russia.

Western leaders welcomed Thursday’s decision to shelve the bill, with the European Union’s office in Georgia saying it encouraged lawmakers in the country “to resume pro-EU reforms.” Though Georgia was not granted EU candidacy status after applying for membership in March 2022, the European Council has expressed readiness to grant that status if the country implements certain reforms.

Meanwhile, Moscow said Friday it is closely monitoring so called “provocations” in Georgia with “great concern” after mass protests there forced a the controversial proposed law to be quashed.

Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters that Georgia’s decision to withdraw the bill is “fraught with provocations” and denied Russian influence in proposing the Putin-style “foreign agents” bill.

“The situation that served as a trigger for these popular unrest and insurgent manifestations has nothing to do with the Russian Federation,” said Peskov, adding that “Russia has nothing to do with it either in essence or in form. We do not interfere in internal Georgian affairs.”

Peskov instead alleged US interference in Georgian affairs, and claimed Washington was “diligently trying to again add an anti-Russian element to it.”

Fight ‘not over’

Protesters outside the Georgian parliament welcomed the withdrawal of the bill, but said they will continue to fight for their country to join the EU in the form of a 12-point plan.

“This is a victory for our people … we were dispersed many times, but we returned with a common European and national idea. The main demand of this protest was to fail this bill, but our aspiration is that Georgia should become a member of the European Union,” said Tamar Jakeli, one of the protest organizers, according to First Channel.

Georgian protesters celebrate outside the parliament as lawmakers vote to call off controversial "foreign agent" bill on Friday March 10, 2023. Vano Shlamov/AFP/Getty Images

Human Rights Watch (HRW) Associate Director Giorgi Gogia warned earlier that “the fight is likely not over.”

“Ruling party leader just spoke blaming critical media & independent groups for polarization in the country, attempting to discredit them,” Gogia, associate director for HRW’s Europe and Central Asia division, tweeted Friday.

Gogia had said that the proposed legislation was a clear threat to human rights in Georgia.European Union countries agreed to promote a global fossil fuel phase out on Thursday ahead of the United Nation’s COP28 climate summit this year, attempting to boost a global deal that failed at last year’s summit.

Ministers from the 27 EU member states approved a text on their diplomatic priorities ahead of the COP28 summit, which begins on November 30 in Dubai, where nearly 200 countries will attempt to strengthen efforts to rein in climate change.

“The shift towards a climate neutral economy will require the global phase-out of unabated fossil fuels,” the EU text said, citing the scientific consensus that this is necessary to avoid more severe climate change.

“The EU will systematically promote and call for a global move towards energy systems free of unabated fossil fuels well ahead of 2050”, it said, adding that global fossil fuel consumption should peak in the near term.

Europe is in the midst of transforming its energy system to meet climate targets and end decades of reliance on Russian fossil fuels.

The text said countries should combine the two aims and use renewable energy or energy savings - rather than fossil fuels – to replace Russian energy.

“There is no need for a one-to-one replacement of former Russian natural gas import volumes,” it said.

Some countries are hoping this year’s COP28 summit could secure a global deal to phase out fossil fuels, which emit planet-heating pollution. They want this to include not only coal, as agreed at previous UN climate talks, but also oil and gas.

More than 80 countries, including the EU, supported an Indian proposal to do this at last year’s summit, but Saudi Arabia and other oil and gas-rich nations opposed it.

EU countries approved their climate text two weeks later than planned, owing to a spat among countries over whether it should promote nuclear energy.

The final version scrubbed some wording that countries had disagreed on, but said that alongside renewable energy, EU diplomacy will promote sustainable “low-carbon technologies” - a phrase that often refers to nuclear energy.Sign up for CNN’s Wonder Theory science newsletter. Explore the universe with news on fascinating discoveries, scientific advancements and more.

CNN —

A newly discovered asteroid roughly the size of an Olympic swimming pool has a “small chance” of colliding with Earth in 23 years, with a potential impact on Valentine’s Day in 2046, according to NASA’s Planetary Defense Coordination Office.

The asteroid has a 1 in 625 chance of striking Earth, based on data projections from the European Space Agency, though NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory’s Sentry system calculated the odds closer to 1 in 560. The latter tracks potential collisions with celestial objects.

But the space rock — named 2023 DW — is the only object on NASA’s risk list that ranks 1 out of 10 on the Torino Impact Hazard Scale, a metric for categorizing the projected risk of an object colliding with Earth. All other objects rank at 0 on the Torino scale.

Though the 2023 DW tops the list, its ranking of 1 means only that “the chance of collision is extremely unlikely with no cause for public attention or public concern,” according to the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, while a 0 ranking means the “likelihood of a collision is zero, or is so low as to be effectively zero.”

“This object is not particularly concerning,” said Davide Farnocchia, a navigation engineer at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California.

NASA officials have warned that the odds of impact could be dramatically altered as more observations of 2023 DW are collected and additional analysis is performed.

“Often when new objects are first discovered,” NASA Asteroid Watch noted Tuesday on Twitter, “it takes several weeks of data to reduce the uncertainties and adequately predict their orbits years into the future.”

Video Ad Feedback Watch: NASA shows rise in near-Earth asteroids 01:16 - Source: CNN

Risk of asteroid impact

It’s common for newly discovered asteroids to appear more threatening when first observed.

“Because orbits stemming from very limited observation sets are more uncertain it is more likely that such orbits will ‘permit’ future impacts,” the Center for Near Earth Object Studies, located at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, notes on its website.

Most often, the threat associated with a specific object will decrease as additional observations become available. NASA's Center for Near Earth Object Studies

“However, such early predictions can often be ruled out as we incorporate more observations and reduce the uncertainties in the object’s orbit,” it reads. “Most often, the threat associated with a specific object will decrease as additional observations become available.”

It may be a few days before new data can be collected because of the asteroid’s proximity to the moon, Farnocchia noted in an email to CNN. The last full moon was two days ago, and it still appears bright and large in the sky, likely obscuring 2023 DW from immediate observation, he said.

“But then the object will remain observable for weeks (even months with larger telescopes) so we can get plenty of observations as needed,” he added.

The asteroid measures about 160 feet (about 50 meters) in diameter, according to NASA data. As 2023 DW orbits the sun, it has 10 predicted close approaches to Earth, with the nearest landing on February 14, 2046, and nine others between 2047 and 2054. The closest the asteroid is expected to travel to Earth is about 1.1 million miles (1.8 million kilometers), NASA’s Eyes on Asteroids website notes.

The space rock was first spotted in our skies on February 2.

It’s traveling about 15.5 miles per second (25 kilometers per second) at a distance of more than 11 million miles (18 million kilometers) from Earth, completing one loop around the sun every 271 days.

Farnocchia noted the success of NASA’s DART mission, or the Double Asteroid Redirection Test, in September 2022 as evidence that humanity can be prepared to confront space rocks on potentially disastrous courses. DART intentionally collided a spacecraft into an asteroid to change its trajectory.

“That’s the very reason why we flew that mission,” he said, “and that mission was a spectacular success.”CNN —

Seven people were killed during a mass shooting on Thursday at a Jehovah’s Witnesses Kingdom Hall in the German city of Hamburg in what the country’s leader denounced a “brutal act of violence.”

The city’s police said in their latest statement: ”Eight people are dead – including the alleged perpetrator.

The Jehovah’s Witnesses in Germany said in a statement: “The religious community is deeply saddened by the horrific attack on its members at the Kingdom Hall in Hamburg after a religious service.”

The slayings in the northern German city occurred around 9 p.m. local time (3 p.m. ET), with police initially unsure how many shooters might be involved.

But later updates from the city’s police force suggested there was just one attacker, who is believed to have died at the scene.

“At present, we believe there is one perpetrator,” Hamburg police said in their latest update on their Twitter account, hours after armed officers scoured the scene for evidence and suspects.

“All police measures in the vicinity are being successively discontinued. The investigation into the circumstances of the crime continues.”

Chancellor Scholz led politicians in denouncing the murder spree in the northern German city.

“Several members of a Jehovah community fell victim to a brutal act of violence last night. My thoughts are with them and their loved ones,” he wrote on Twitter.

A police spokesperson earlier said that authorities were investigating whether the shooter was among the several people found dead at the scene.

After being called to the building, police saw dead and injured people on the bottom floor where an event was taking place, Hamburg police spokesman Holger Vehren told NTV.

Officers also heard a shot on the top floor of the building when they first entered it and found a dead person upstairs.

Police secure the area following a deadly shooting in Hamburg on Thursday. NONSTOP NEWS/Reuters

Footage from the scene on Thursday night showed numerous armed police officers inside and around the Kingdom Hall while a helicopter flew overhead. A bomb disposal team was deployed at one point.

The streets around the place of worship were cordoned off, and police earlier warned of “extreme danger” in the area, the spokesperson added. Local residents were urged to stay indoors.

Nearby residents were urged to stay indoors.

Police officers in special equipment on duty in Hamburg. Jonas Walzberg/picture alliance

There is “no confirmed information on the motive for the crime,” police said on Twitter as they urged people not to share any unconfirmed assumptions.

Messages of support also came in from Hamburg’s religious communities.

“The news of this bloody crime in Hamburg-Alsterdorf is shocking and leaves me speechless… My deepest sympathy goes to the relatives of the victims,” Father Sascha-Philipp Geissler, a senior member of Hamburg’s Catholic diocese, said in a statement.

Shootings in Germany are not unheard of, though rarer than in the United States

In January 2022, at least one person was killed after a man opened fire on students in a lecture hall at Heidelberg University in southwestern Germany.

In 2020, a mass shooting at two shisha bars in Hanau killed several people.Hong Kong CNN —

Chinese state-owned defense firms have maintained trade relationships with sanctioned Russian defense companies during the past year, even as many of the world’s leading economies cut ties with Moscow and the companies driving its continued assault on Ukraine.

Customs records reviewed by CNN show key companies within both countries’ vast military-industrial complexes have continued their years-long relationships, despite the horror Moscow has unleashed in Europe.

Records show that throughout 2022, through at least mid-November, Beijing-based defense contractor Poly Technologies sent at least a dozen shipments – including helicopter parts and air-to-ground radio equipment – to a state-backed Russian firm sanctioned by the US for its connection to leader Vladimir Putin’s war in Ukraine.

Poly Technology’s long-term trade partner – Ulan Ude Aviation Plant, a purveyor of military-grade helicopters – also continued to send parts and several helicopters to the Beijing-based company last year, trade data show.

Most of the helicopter parts included in the shipments to Russia were labeled for use in the multipurpose Mi-171E helicopter, designed for transport and search and rescue. According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), China began importing this model of chopper from Russia more than 10 years ago.

Three shipments from Poly Technologies were labeled as including products for the operation or service of the Russian-made Mi-171SH, a military transport helicopter that can be equipped with weapons and has been used in Moscow’s operations in Ukraine.

There is no evidence that any of the goods exchanged are directly feeding Russia’s war.

The customs records came from two data sets. The first was provided by trade data firm Import Genius, whose information is collated by secondary sources from official Russian customs and shipment records.

Washington-based think tank C4ADS, which collates official customs records aggregated from multiple third-party providers, provided the second set.

CNN has not independently verified the data, which may provide a partial but not complete picture of the trade.

Military and security experts say the parts sent from the Chinese firm to Russia are fairly basic equipment for Russian-designed aircraft that could be part of existing contracts and standard business relationships between the companies.

But last year’s trade underscores enduring ties between key players in the state-backed defense sectors on both sides – relationships that had strengthened over the past decade as Putin and Chinese leader Xi Jinping developed their strategic alignment.

Experts say such well-established networks could be leveraged if Beijing were to provide direct, lethal aid for the Kremlin’s war effort.

Western leaders in recent weeks have warned China is considering that step. Beijing has denied this, derided the warning as a “smear,” and repeatedly defended its “normal” trade with Russia and rejected what it calls “unilateral” sanctions against Moscow.

A worker engages in helicopter production at the Ulan-Ude Aviation Plant in Russia in September 2020. Sefa Karacan/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images

Evolving partnership

Beijing and Moscow’s military ties have evolved dramatically since the height of the Cold War – a period marked by mutual hostility and ideological divergence.

While some frictions remain, the two authoritarian neighbors have grown close, especially under Putin and Xi, who together declared a “no limits” partnership just weeks before Russia invaded Ukraine.

That includes a growing security relationship.

Following the fall of the Soviet Union, a robust, but decidedly one-way weapons trade flourished in which Russia marketed its superior weaponry to China.

More recently, the rapid modernization of China’s military has begun to shift that dynamic.

In 2021, Putin boasted that the two countries were “developing together certain high-tech types of weapons,” according to Russian state media, and lauded their joint military exercises – which have also expanded in scope and geographic range.

On the frontlines of that relationship are the state-linked military contractors. Those are being integrated into an “an increasingly sophisticated supply chain,” according to Alex Gabuev, a senior fellow at the international think tank Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.

Then came the Ukraine war.

So far, China has stepped carefully around sweeping Western penalties targeting those supporting Russia – although 10 Chinese companies have been hit by US restrictions related to the war.

But a major question for Western officials is whether existing defense relationships could be used by China to supply lethal aid for the Kremlin’s war effort, which is widely believed to be running low on ammunition and arms.

Last month CNN reported that US intelligence officials believe the Chinese government is considering sending drones and ammunition to Russia.

On March 7, China’s new foreign minister Qin Gang said that China “has not provided weapons to either side” of Russia’s war, and denounced US concerns in the matter as hypocritical.

Observers of Chinese foreign affairs say its leaders are well aware of the reputational and economic damage if it is perceived to be backing Moscow militarily – and many are skeptical Beijing would take such a step to aid a nuclear-armed Russia at this time.

“Russia is losing this war in general terms … but it’s not a loss that would lead to Putin’s demise and democratization of Russia, so I don’t see reasons for China now to do more than they are doing,” said Gabuev.

A Russian military frigate in the harbor of Cape Town last month ahead of 10-day joint maritime drills with China and South Africa. -/AFP/Getty Images

On-going trade

The goods traded between Chinese and Russian defense firms in the data reviewed by CNN are not the munitions that Russia’s military is thought to need most one year into its Ukraine onslaught. China is also not alone in continuing procurement from a Russia at war.

When asked by CNN about the shipments from China to sanctioned Russian firms, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs said it was “unaware of the situation,” and that China “stand(s) firmly on the side of dialogue and peace.”

The Kremlin did not respond to a request for comment from CNN.

But on February 27 its spokesman said Russia saw “no need to comment further” on claims that Russia asked China for military equipment which he said had already been refuted by Beijing.

Poly Technologies describes itself on its website as the core subsidiary of China Poly Group, a leading state-owned enterprise, “exclusively authorized by the Chinese central government for import/export of defense systems.”

Poly Technologies was sanctioned by the US in 2013 under rules targeting firms supplying Iran, North Korea and Syria, and again in January of last year for alleged missile proliferation. China Poly Group did not respond to a request for comment.

The company’s trade partner Ulan Ude Aviation Plant, a subsidiary of top state-owned manufacturer Russian Helicopters, which makes the widely used Mi-8/17 series helicopters long integral to Russian military transport, also did not respond to a request for comment.

Two other key companies appear in the customs data – China’s AVIC International Holding, controlled by state-owned Aviation Industry Corporation of China, and Russia’s United Engine Corporation (UEC), which is part of state-owned defense giant Rostec.

Their trade involved Russian-designed jet engine parts, many of which were labeled for an engine used in Chinese fighter jets.

Shipments from AVIC International to UEC made through July last year were listed as contractual obligations under warranty, and export records show UEC shipping parts for the same engine model to China including as recently as December, according to data from Import Genius.

AVIC International and UEC did not respond to requests for comment. The Wall Street Journal previously referenced shipments made from Poly Technologies and AVIC International Holding to Russian partners.

Video Ad Feedback Report obtained by CNN shows Russia is getting military support from China 04:37 - Source: CNN

‘Depth and breadth’

Washington’s stance is that any company supplying or operating within the Russian defense sector risks being sanctioned.

But China may not be too concerned about the transactions shown in the trade data reviewed by CNN, according to Yun Sun, director of the China Program at the Stimson Center think tank in Washington.

“This type of export has to be approved by the government. But given the nature of these parts and the fact that (Poly Technologies) has been under US sanction since 2013, the government may not see the need not to approve,” she said.

Some experts have raised questions about whether aviation parts coming from China to Russia – many of which are labeled as “used” or originating in Russia – could still be spare parts needed by a Russia at war.

Sun said it was no surprise Russia would continue fulfilling contracts for Chinese-purchased equipment, but warned goods going the opposite direction could be “reimported by Russia to supply their war attrition.”

It’s also unlikely that the full picture will ever be revealed.

“Neither China nor Russia wants Western intelligence to be aware of the depth and breadth of their strategic alignment,” said Alexander Korolev, a senior lecturer in Politics and International Relations at the University of New South Wales in Australia.

If China were to supply lethal aid, Korolev added, “everything would be done to cover this up.”

“And one way to cover it up is to make it look as if it’s just a part of regular, long-term military technical cooperation – rather than a response to the war.”Hong Kong CNN —

Xi Jinping’s unprecedented third term as China’s president was officially endorsed by the country’s political elite on Friday, solidifying his control and making him the longest-serving head of state of Communist China since its founding in 1949.

Xi was reappointed Friday as president for another five years by China’s rubber-stamp legislature in a ceremonial vote in Beijing’s Great Hall of the People – a highly choreographed exercise in political theater meant to demonstrate the legitimacy and unity of the ruling elite.

He received a unanimous 2,952 votes followed by a standing ovation.

The reappointment of Xi, China’s most powerful and authoritarian leader in decades, was largely seen as a formality, after the 69-year-old secured a norm-shattering third term as head of the Chinese Communist Party last fall.

In China, the presidency – or “state chairman” in Chinese – is a largely ceremonial title. Real power resides in the positions of head of the party and military, two key roles that Xi also holds and was reappointed to at a key Communist Party congress in October.

Nevertheless, his reappointment as head of state officially completes his transition into a second decade in power.

And it comes amid a broader reshuffle of leadership roles in the central government, or the State Council, and other state organizations that further increases Xi’s already firm grasp on the levers of power.

Li Qiang, one of Xi’s most trusted protégés, is expected to be chosen China’s premier on Saturday.

Traditionally, the premiership is an influential role in charge of the economy, although over the past decade, its power has been severely eroded by Xi, who has taken almost all decision-making into his own hands.

On Friday, the National People’s Congress (NPC) also appointed other key state leaders, including Zhao Leji as the body’s head and Han Zheng as the country’s vice-president.

The newly appointed leaders all took a public oath of allegiance to the Chinese constitution inside the Great Hall of the People.

The NPC also approved a sweeping plan to reform institutions under the State Council, including the formation of a financial regulatory body and national data bureau and a revamp of its science and technology ministry.

The overhaul is seen as a further step by Xi to strengthen Communist Party control over key areas of policymaking.

Challenges ahead

While Xi has secured a firm grip on power, he faces a myriad of challenges both at home and abroad.

The Chinese economy is struggling to recover from three years of harsh zero-Covid restrictions, investor confidence is waning, and a demographic crisis is looming as the country registered its first population decline in six decades.

China is also facing a series of diplomatic headwinds from Washington and other Western capitals, as relations plummeted in recent years over Beijing’s human rights record, military build-up, handling of Covid and growing partnership with Russia.

In unusually direct remarks Monday, Xi accused the US of leading a campaign to suppress China and causing its serious domestic woes.

“Western countries led by the United States have contained and suppressed us in an all-round way, which has brought unprecedented severe challenges to our development,” Xi told a group of government advisers representing private businesses on the sidelines of the NPC meeting.

On Friday, Russian President Vladimir Putin congratulated Xi on his extended term, according to Russian state media.

“I am confident that working together, we will ensure the further growth of fruitful Russian-Chinese cooperation in various fields,” Putin said.

Putin also noted that Russia highly appreciated Xi’s personal contribution “to strengthening relations of comprehensive cooperation and strategic interaction” between Moscow and Beijing, TASS said.

Xi has now entered new historical territory.

No Chinese leader had held the title of head of state for more than 10 years, including Communist China’s founding father, Chairman Mao Zedong.

Liu Shaoqi, who took over as state chairman from Mao in 1959, was sacked in 1968 and persecuted to death a year later during Mao’s tumultuous Cultural Revolution.

After Mao’s death, paramount leader Deng Xiaoping introduced presidential term limits in China’s constitution in 1982 to avoid the kind of chaos and catastrophe seen under Mao’s life-long rule.

Deng also led institutional reforms to bring a greater separation of positions and functions between the party and the state.

However, those efforts have been severely undermined by Xi, who greatly expanded the party’s hold on power – and his own grip over the party.

In 2018, China’s legislature abolished presidential term limits in a ceremonial vote, effectively allowing Xi to rule for life.CNN —

Russia showered Kyiv, Lviv and other major cities across Ukraine with what officials said was an unprecedented array of missiles on Thursday morning, stepping up its assault on the entire country as a sluggish ground war drags on in the east.

A total of 81 missiles were used in a “massive attack” on Ukrainian infrastructure, including six Kinzhal ballistic missiles that have the ability to elude Kyiv’s air defenses, the Ukrainian military said.

“The attack is really large-scale and for the first time using such different types of missiles. We see that this time as many as six Kinzhal were used. This is an attack like I don’t remember seeing before,” Yurii Ihnat, spokesman for the Air Force Command of Ukraine, said on Ukrainian television Thursday.

“So far, we have no capabilities to counter these weapons,” he added, referring to the Kinzhals, plus six X-22 air-launched cruise missiles that were also launched by Russian forces.

“It’s been a difficult night,” President Volodymyr Zelensky said Thursday in a Facebook message.

“The enemy fired 81 missiles in an attempt to intimidate Ukrainians again, returning to their miserable tactics. The occupiers can only terrorize civilians. That’s all they can do. But it won’t help them. They won’t avoid responsibility for everything they have done,” Zelensky said.

He listed 10 regions across Ukraine where aerial attacks took place, including Dnipro, Odesa, Kharkiv and Zaporizhzhia, and said the attacks hit “critical infrastructure and residential buildings.”

Three Russian rockets launched against Ukraine from Russia's Belgorod region are seen at dawn in Kharkiv, Ukraine, March 9. Vadim Belikov/AP

“Unfortunately, there are injured and dead. My condolences to the families,” he added.

Russia used the nuclear-capable Kinzhal missile, which it has described as a hypersonic weapon, on a few occasions in the first weeks of its invasion last year. But the powerful weapon, which Ukraine doesn’t have the capability to shoot down, has rarely been seen over the country’s skies.

At least 11 people were killed and more than 20 injured during the overnight attacks, according to preliminary information from regional authorities.

In Kyiv, an air raid alert lasted for almost 7 hours overnight into Thursday and power outages were implemented as a preventative measure, regional authorities said. In the Zolochiv community near Lviv, a fire broke out when the fragments of a Russian missile were shot down, regional authorities said.

The fire destroyed three residential buildings, and three cars. The rubble was being cleared and rescuers were searching for additional victims on Thursday morning. Several infrastructure facilities and other buildings were hit elsewhere in Ukraine.

Onlookers watch smoke rise from the fire caused by missile debris falling in the courtyard of a residential building in the Sviatoshynskyi district. Ruslan Kaniuka/Ukrinform/Future Publishing via Getty Images

The Russian Ministry of Defense said Thursday the barrage of missile strikes it launched was retaliation for what the ministry called “terrorist actions” organized by Kyiv in Russia’s Bryansk region last week.

“In response to the terrorist actions in the Bryansk region organized by the Kyiv regime on March 2 this year, the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation delivered a massive retaliation strike,” it said in a statement.

“High-precision long-range air, sea and land-based weapons, including the Kinzhal hypersonic missile system, hit key elements of Ukraine’s military infrastructure, military-industrial complex enterprises, as well as energy facilities that serve them,” the ministry said.

Russian security officials claimed a small Ukrainian armed group last week crossed the Russian border into the southern Bryansk region. Russia’s Federal Security Service (FSB) said the agency was carrying out operations following “armed Ukrainian nationalists who violated the state border.” Russian President Vladimir Putin described the incident as a “terrorist attack.” A local official said two civilians were killed.

CNN cannot independently verify the Russian claims, and local media did not carry any images of the supposed incidents, any type of confrontation or an alleged raid reported by Russian authorities.

Russia’s pretext for Thursday’s attacks was dismissed by Kyiv’s Defense Ministry, which likened the Kremlin’s claims of “retaliation” to propaganda tactics used by the Nazi regime in justifying the use of V-1 flying bombs over London during World War II. “Brothers in spirit,” the ministry said, referring to the Kremlin and the Third Reich.

Rare use of Kinzhal missile

The use of such a wide and unpredictable array of weaponry seemingly marks a shift in the Kremlin’s strategy.

The Kinzhal, an air-launched variant of the Iskander short-range ballistic missile (SRBM) which has also, more frequently, been used in Ukraine, was unveiled by Putin in 2018 as a cornerstone of a modernized Russian arsenal.

Like virtually all ballistic missiles it is hypersonic, which means they travel at least five times the speed of sound, but it is also particularly difficult to detect because it can be launched from MiG-31 fighter jets, giving it a longer range and the ability to attack from multiple directions.

“Russia likely developed the unique missile to more easily target critical European infrastructure … (its) speed, in combination with the missile’s erratic flight trajectory and high maneuverability, could complicate interception,” according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS).

Russia’s use of the missile on Ukrainian targets last March was its first known use in combat, according to CSIS, and it was subsequently used again in May.

Rescuers carry a body from residential buildings destroyed by a Russian missile strike on March 9. State Emergency Service of Ukraine in Lviv region via Reuters

Eight Iranian-made Shahed drones were also used in Thursday’s attacks, authorities said. A senior US defense official said Thursday that Ukraine is becoming a “battle lab” for testing Iranian weapons outside of the Middle East. The official spoke ahead of US Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin’s visit to Israel where Iranian-Russian military cooperation will be on the agenda.

“Everyone should be preparing for what the threat scenarios look like when Iran takes the tactics, techniques and procedures it learned in Ukraine and starts to use those coercive tactics here,” the official said in reference to the Middle East.

The barrage came as most focus in Ukraine was fixed to Bakhmut, the eastern city that Russia’s ground forces have been assaulting for weeks and appear to be on the cusp of capturing.

Ukraine’s troops have sustained a determined defense of the city even as some military experts advocate for a tactical withdrawal.

Zelensky said in an interview with CNN on Tuesday that Kyiv’s ongoing resistance in the city is “tactical,” warning that Russians could advance towards other key cities to the west if they capture Bakhmut.

“We understand that after Bakhmut they could go further. They could go to Kramatorsk, they could go to Sloviansk, it would be open road for the Russians after Bakhmut to other towns in Ukraine, in the Donetsk direction,” he told CNN’s Wolf Blitzer in an exclusive interview from Kyiv. “That’s why our guys are standing there.”

Correction: This story has been updated to reflect that the known death toll in Ukraine on Thursday from overnight attacks was 11, not 16. This story was also updated to clarify that virtually all ballistic missiles -- not missiles in general -- are hypersonic.CNN —

The Chicago Bears have agreed to trade the rights to the No. 1 overall pick in next month’s NFL Draft to the Carolina Panthers, a league source told CNN on Friday.

In exchange for the No. 1 pick selection, the Panthers will send wide receiver D.J. Moore, the 2023 No. 9 overall pick, a 2023 second-round pick, a first-round pick in 2024, and a second-round pick in 2025, according to the source.

The trade will not become official until the start of the new league year on Wednesday.

When speaking about potentially moving up in the draft at the combine last week, Panthers General Manager Scott Fitterer said, “You go get the guy that you want, you know.

“If you have a conviction on a guy, you go get him. It’s pretty simple that way. If you don’t know and you’re going to give all these resources to go up and get it, you’re hurting your team in the long run.

“You better be right. You better have conviction if you do move up. When you do that, you’re all in.”

Moore seemed to react to the trade in a post on Twitter, which was simply two shocked face emojis.

Chicago Bears wide receiver Chase Claypool also reacted to the reports tweeting, “Ohhhh we making moves #BearDown.”

Carolina will be in search of a franchise quarterback after releasing quarterback Baker Mayfield midseason. Mayfeild was immediately claimed by the Los Angeles Rams.

Among the top quarterbacks available in this year’s draft are Alabama’s Bryce Young, Florida’s Anthony Richardson, Ohio State’s C.J. Stroud and Kentucky’s Will Levis.

Moore, who will turn 26 just before the draft, had 364 catches and 21 touchdowns in his first five NFL seasons.

The Panthers have not have had a winning season since 2017 and changed head coaches five games into last year’s 7-10 finish.

The Bears were 3-14 last season.

The 2023 NFL Draft is scheduled for April 27-29 in Kansas City, Missouri.CNN —

FC Barcelona was charged on Friday by the Barcelona provincial prosecutor’s office with “continued corruption between individuals in the sports field” in addition to other charges in relation to an alleged payment scandal which has rocked Spanish soccer.

Former FCB presidents Sandro Rosell and Josep Maria Bartomeu, former club CEO Oscar Grau, former club director of professional sports Albert Soler and José María Enríquez Negreira – a former leading refereeing official in Spain – have also been charged.

In a written complaint from the Barcelona Prosecutor’s Office sent to CNN, Barça and the other accused have also been charged with “the crime of continued false administration and the crime of continued falsification of commercial documents.”

The charges were presented to the No. 1 magistrate’s court in Barcelona.

An FCB source told CNN that the club did not have an official statement, though its first reaction was that the charges were to be expected after recent events, but that the report was an “absolutely preliminary investigative hypothesis” and that the club would assist the investigation in any way possible. The source also strongly denied that the club had at any time bribed a referee or tried to influence refereeing decisions.

Spanish lawyer Jose Maria Fuster Fabra confirmed to CNN that he’s representing Bartomeu in this case. “We are preparing the defense and we don’t think this case will go to trial,” he said, declining to make further statements.

CNN has reached out to Enriquez Negreira’s company for comment.

CNN was unable to contact Rosell, Grau and Soler for comment.

Former Barça president Sandro Rosell is one of the accused in the Prosecutor's Office report. Fernando Villar/Pool/AP

According to the Prosecutor’s Office, the accused held positions of power in the club and were aware of payments which were invoiced annually from January 2011 until June 2018 to two companies that Enríquez Negreira – who was serving as a CTA vice president from 1993 to 2018 – founded, which “acted on behalf and in direct benefit to Barcelona.”

The CTA is the governing body responsible for deciding which referees and assistants officiate league and national competitive matches in Spain.

The club is accused of – through both Rosell and Bartomeu – coming to a “strictly confidential verbal agreement” with Enríquez Negreira with the aim to “produce actions which tended to favor Barcelona in the form of refereeing decisions.”

“Subsequently, the companies of the accused, [Nisdal SCP] and [Dasnil 95 SL], produced invoices which were presented for payment to FCB without having to produce any services of real technical reports,” the report said.

The report from the Barcelona’s Prosecutor’s Office outlines that the two companies connected to Enríquez Negreira were founded by him and he held 100% and 95% of the shares in Dasnil 95 and Nisdal respectively.

According to the report, an audit was started by the tax authorities in 2019 into Enríquez Negreira’s companies in which they asked Barcelona to provide copies of invoices and method of payment. Because Barcelona was not able to satisfy the authorities’ questions, the club incurred a tax penalty and an investigation was later opened into Enríquez Negreira and his companies for the time period of 2016 to 2019.

The investigation discovered that the club paid his two companies a total of $3,175,589.21 (€2,971,673.01) between those years, mostly under the pretense of “assessment of technical videos.” After Enríquez Negreira was relieved of his vice presidency at the CTA in 2018, the payments from Barcelona stopped.

Former Barça president Josep Maria Bartomeu was also named in the Prosecutor's Office report. Albert Gea/Reuters

In February 2019, Enríquez Negreira sent a fax directed towards Bartomeu “recriminating him for ending the long-lasting relationship, insisting that a solution be found for both parties and warning him of the consequences of not doing so,” according to the report.

“I don’t have the will to give attention to all of the irregularities I’ve known and lived first-hand with anyone at the Club, but you are forcing me to do so if you don’t reconsider your decision and complete the agreement we had to continue using my services until the end of my presidential mandate,” Enríquez Negreira wrote.

According to the report, the total amount Barça paid Enríquez Negreira’s companies from 2001 to 2018 during his vice-presidency in the CTA surpassed $7.8 million (€7.3 million).

“This resulted in a substantial remuneration, unforeseen by the statutes of the Club nor which was approved by the General Assembly, which should have been given its nature. Definitively, said payments neither had legal or statutory support at all.”

In February, Barcelona said that a “thorough and independent investigation” was underway.

European football governing body UEFA declined to comment on whether it is investigating the club. However, in a press conference earlier in March, Spanish football federation (RFEF) secretary general Andreu Camps said the organization had sent all of its information relating to the case to UEFA’s integrity unit.

CNN has reached out to FIFA for comment.CNN —

Gary Lineker will take a step back from presenting “Match of the Day,” the iconic British football show, following controversy about a tweet he wrote earlier in the week, the BBC announced on Friday.

On Tuesday, Lineker tweeted “Good heavens, this is beyond awful” to a video posted on Twitter by the British Home Office announcing the government’s asylum seeker policy.

He then continued to write: “There is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s, and I’m out of order?”

A statement from the BBC said the decision for Lineker to step back followed “extensive discussions” with the former England international and his team.

“We have said that we consider his recent social media activity to be a breach of our guidelines,” the statement said.

“The BBC has decided that he will step back from presenting Match of the Day until we’ve got an agreed and clear position on his use of social media.

“When it comes to leading our football and sports coverage, Gary is second to none. We have never said that Gary should be an opinion free zone, or that he can’t have a view on issues that matter to him, but we have said that he should keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies.”

Lineker’s team declined to comment on the BBC statement when contacted by CNN.

No presenters or pundits on Match of the Day

No presenters or pundits will appear on this Saturday’s Match of the Day show, after a series of statements of support for Lineker.

Former football players Alan Shearer and Ian Wright both announced on Twitter that they had told the BBC they would not appear on the show.

“I have informed the BBC that I won’t be appearing on MOTD tomorrow night,” Shearer wrote on Twitter.

“Everybody knows what Match of the Day means to me, but I’ve told the BBC I won’t be doing it tomorrow. Solidarity,” Wright tweeted.

“Some of our pundits have said that they don’t wish to appear on the programme while we seek to resolve the situation with Gary. We understand their position and we have decided that the programme will focus on match action without studio presentation or punditry,” a BBC spokesperson said on Friday evening.

Dan Walker, a former BBC Breakfast and Football Focus presenter, also tweeted: “I used to sit in for Gary Lineker on MOTD… not sure I’d fancy it this weekend. What a mess!”

Meanwhile, the BECTU union who represent BBC staff, expressed their concern on Friday about the BBC’s decision.

“This is a deeply concerning decision from the BBC. It will give the appearance that they have bowed to political pressure from ministers to take someone off air for disagreeing with the policies of the current government,” the Head of BECTU, Philippa Childs said in a statement.

“Taken with the ongoing controversy over the appointment of the BBC Chairman, who has a much more important role in upholding the reputation of the BBC, and who has not stepped back while under investigation, it also risks given the impression of double standards on these issues.”CNN —

Mikaela Shiffrin won her 86th World Cup race on Friday – triumphing in the giant slalom in Åre, Sweden – to match the overall record set by skiing legend Ingemar Stenmark.

Shiffrin is now on the precipice of becoming the sport’s all-time winningest athlete – man or woman – and can break the record on Saturday in the slalom.

“This is just a spectacular day,” a beaming Shiffrin said after the race. “I just wanted to push and fight for it.”

She finished her final race 00.64 seconds ahead of her nearest rival Federica Brignone despite the Italian scoring the fastest time in the second run.

It was the 27-year-old American’s 20th giant slalom victory and brought her level with Vreni Schneider for the women’s record number of wins in that discipline.

Shiffrin’s compatriot Lindsey Vonn, who reached 83 World Cup wins and was the women’s record holder before Shiffrin overtook her, tweeted, “Congrats!! Dominating.”

Friday’s victory also secured Shiffrin her 15th giant slalom crystal globe. The American had already claimed the overall and slalom titles earlier this season.

Shiffrin can claim the record for herself on Saturday when she returns to the slopes in the slalom, which starts at 04:15 a.m. ET.

If she doesn’t claim victory in her favorite race the American skier will have another shot at glory next week at the World Cup finals in Andorra where she will compete in the downhill, super-G, grand slalom and slalom.

Shiffrin won the record-tying race at the same venue she won her first World Cup race in 2012. Pontus Lundahl/TT News Agency/Reuters

Breaking Stenmark’s record would cap a remarkable season for Shiffrin given she did not pick up a single medal from five races at the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing and failed to finish in three of them.

She has taken 12 World Cup victories so far this season, five short of her own record of 17 set in 2018-19.

In February, Shiffrin overtook Vonn’s women’s record of 82 wins before she secured her seventh career Alpine world championships gold medal in the Alps which made her the most successful skier in the modern era (post World War II).

Shiffrin spoke to CNN’s Amanda Davies in January, saying, “I feel like I don’t push myself if my rivals aren’t pushing me, and my whole career, I’ve always had at least one main rival. That’s always in my mind. What are they doing? What are they working on?”

“Even if I’m training alone, I’m always thinking, ‘Can I ski this faster?’ And if I can, then I better because somebody else probably is.”

Shiffrin has now won 52 slaloms, 20 giant slaloms, five super-Gs, five parallels, three downhills and one Alpine combined.Burlington, VT CNN —

In 2009, Kevin Pearce was at the height of his professional snowboarding career and bound for the Winter Olympics. But in an instant, it came to a halt when he suffered a devastating accident.

During training, he struck his head on the edge of a halfpipe, resulting in a traumatic brain injury. It changed the course of the then-22-year-old’s life.

He had to relearn how to walk and talk and essentially start over. His older brother Adam quit his job and moved across the country to help him through rehab.

“What I remember most, and the best thing I remember, hands down,” Kevin said, “is Adam being there and doing it all with me.”

He eventually started doing yoga, and his family saw how it transformed him and gave him a sense of hope.

“It was the first time I remember so clearly coming out of a class with him and just seeing in his face this new expression, this new person,” Adam Pearce said. “We were like, ‘We need to figure out why and how that just happened.’”

Traumatic brain injury affects the lives of millions of Americans each year, including many who are living with long-term TBI-related disabilities.

Wanting to bring hope and healing to others through yoga and meditation, Adam and Kevin co-founded the LoveYourBrain Foundation in 2014. The nonprofit offers weeklong retreats and community-based yoga classes across the United States for people who have a TBI as well as their caregivers.

“I think people feel isolated after brain injury because they don’t feel able, and when you don’t feel able, you generally retreat back inside,” Adam said. “At these retreats, people are given the space to lean into those deep challenges and express them and talk about them.”

Ultimately, the organization aims to create a safe space and supportive community where people with a TBI can heal together.

CNN Hero Adam Pearce

“Connection happens quickly because there’s such a shared common understanding among the group,” Adam said. “Once someone sees someone be vulnerable, it instantly allows the next person (to be). By the end, people start to see vulnerability as a superpower.”

The organization also trains yoga teachers, giving them knowledge on how to work with those who have a TBI, and works with hospitals to incorporate yoga into rehabilitation early on. To date, LoveYourBrain has reached more than 35,000 people.

“Never in my wildest dreams would I have thought we’d be here almost 13 years later after Kevin’s accident,” Adam said. “What this has taught me is that trauma and adversity can be a powerful pathway for deeper learning and growth.”

CNN’s Meg Dunn spoke with Adam about his efforts. Below is an edited version of their conversation.

CNN: What was it like immediately after Kevin’s accident?

Adam: We basically spent the first month and a half in critical care. We really didn’t have an idea of what recovery or healing looked like at that time. I just kind of found myself saying, “This is where I have to be.” So, I spent a year by his side and really just focused on getting him better. I knew he was competitive, and I knew the games that would make him want to engage. So, we did that. And, as you can imagine, when you’re in rehab for eight, ten hours a day for six months straight, you need something to keep you going.

CNN: What changes did you see in Kevin after he started doing yoga?

Adam: After Kevin started to build a yoga practice into his life, the things that were most noticeable were confidence. So much of his self-confidence was taken away from him. But once he started doing a practice that gave him self-empowerment, he started just feeling more confident and in more control. He would come out of yoga class and you’d be like, “Oh, that’s the old Kevin.”

CNN: Why was it important to you to include caregivers in your organization’s programs?

Adam: It’s really important because oftentimes you can get so isolated in the way you’re caring for someone, or even how they’re thinking about what that person needs. When we expose caregivers in a setting with other caregivers and people with brain injuries, it allows us to challenge our own preconceived notions and just open our perspective to other ways of supporting people.

CNN: What impact does yoga have on someone with a TBI?

Adam: Brain injury impacts the whole body – the physical, the emotional, and the social. The unique part about yoga is that it also focuses on the whole person. It really gives people the ability to connect with the mind, connect with the body, and connect with the spirit. And I think it’s an incredible pathway to healing. Oftentimes our medical system has us thinking that someone else can fix us. And I think there is so much more that we can do for ourselves.

Want to get involved? Check out the LoveYourBrain Foundation website and see how to help.

To donate to the LoveYourBrain Foundation via GoFundMe, click hereCNN —

At home in Anchorage, Alaska, nurse Teresa Gray was playing a board game with her children when she heard about the massive earthquake that hit Turkey and Syria on February 6.

Although she was more than 5,500 miles away from the disaster, she immediately sprang into action.

Gray’s nonprofit, Mobile Medics International, sends small teams of volunteer medics to humanitarian crises around the world. They are typically on the ground to help within the first few days.

Since 2017, Gray and her group have responded to dozens of disasters, providing free medical care and comfort to more than 30,000 people on five continents. Last year, she was honored as a Top 10 CNN Hero for her work.

By February 7, Gray had received permission from Turkey’s Ministry of Health to join the relief efforts, and she flew out early the next morning.

“It’s pretty frantic leading up to a mission,” Gray told CNN as she made final preparations to travel. “We like to get in as soon as possible. So, we’ll be on the ground about 72 hours post-earthquake.”

She packed up supplies to help hundreds of patients, ranging from trauma dressings to antibiotics to acetaminophen. She also prepared the equipment her team would need to be self-sustaining in freezing winter conditions.

“The buildings have been substantially damaged, so you can’t stay inside, it’s too dangerous,” she said. “We’re going to be sleeping in a tent, eating MREs (Meals Ready to Eat) … This is not going to be a good time.”

Gray also did a video call to touch base with her team, which included a paramedic from London, a doctor from Malaysia, and a nurse anesthetist from Missouri. It was a hectic time for Gray, who says she gets “hyper-focused” before each mission, trying to anticipate problems that might arise.

“We need to find a safe place to be. What if somebody forgot their sleeping bag? We don’t speak the language, so I need to find some interpreters,” she said. “These are the things that run through my mind as I’m getting ready to go to the airport.”

After an epic journey through Seattle and New York, Gray finally landed in Turkey late on February 9 and met up with her team. They made their way to Hatay Province and once there, began doing mobile clinics on the streets of Samandag.

For Gray, the destruction she saw was difficult to comprehend.

“Just the total amount of annihilation … this is probably the most devastation that I have ever seen on any mission that we’ve been on,” she said.

Since so many structures were unstable, the government had mandated that all families must sleep outside in tents. In a cell phone video made on Valentine’s Day, Gray described how she and her group would go street to street, stopping at tents to offer their help. She reported treating people for earthquake injuries, including a girl who had been trapped in the rubble for more than 12 hours, as well as sicknesses like the flu that had been exacerbated by the living conditions.

“Whatever they need us to look at, we will,” she said. “Then we go back, sleep in our car. Get up the next morning and do it again.”

They treated hundreds of people during their 10-day mission, Gray said. One of their interpreters, a high school teacher who they called K.T., became an essential part of their team. In a cell phone video, K.T. told Gray what the people they were helping had said to her.

“They told me, ‘Say them (sic) thank you. It’s really good for us because … we can’t see any doctor, we can’t go any hospital,” K.T. said.

K.T. had also suffered a great deal. Two of her students had been killed in the earthquake, and the school where she taught had been destroyed. She and most of her extended family – a total of 15 people – lost their homes and were forced to take refuge in a greenhouse on their property.

Despite their own hardship, K.T.’s family adopted Gray’s group as their own, Gray said – letting them stay on their property, making them tea and coffee, and sharing meals with them. Their generosity served as another reminder that, even in desperate times, humanity shines through.

On February 19, Gray got back to Alaska. When a 6.3 magnitude aftershock hit Turkey the next day, she immediately reached out to K.T. and others she befriended on her journey to make sure they were all okay. She’s working to send another team of volunteers very soon.

Want to get involved? Check out the Mobile Medics International website and see how to help.CNN —

Nelly Cheboi, who in 2019 quit a lucrative software engineering job in Chicago to create computer labs for Kenyan schoolchildren, is the 2022 CNN Hero of the Year.

Online voters selected her from among this year’s Top 10 CNN Heroes.

Cheboi’s nonprofit, TechLit Africa, has provided thousands of students across rural Kenya with access to donated, upcycled computers — and the chance at a brighter future.

Cheboi accepted the award with her mother, who she said “worked really hard to educate us.” At the beginning of her acceptance speech, Cheboi and her mother sang a song onstage that she explained had a special meaning when she was growing up.

As CNN Hero of the Year, Cheboi will receive $100,000 to expand her work. She and the other top 10 CNN Heroes honored at Sunday’s gala all receive a $10,000 cash award and, for the first time, additional grants, organizational training and support from The Elevate Prize Foundation through a new collaboration with CNN Heroes. Nelly will also be named an Elevate Prize winner, which comes with a $300,000 grant and additional support worth $200,000 for her nonprofit.

“The world is your oyster when you are educated”

Cheboi grew up in poverty in Mogotio, a rural township in Kenya. “I know the pain of poverty,” said Cheboi, 29. “I never forgot what it was like with my stomach churning because of hunger at night.”

A hard-working student, Cheboi received a full scholarship to Augustana College in Illinois in 2012. She began her studies there with almost no experience with computers, handwriting papers and struggling to transcribe them onto a laptop.

Everything changed in her junior year, though, when Cheboi took a programming course required for her mathematics major.

“When I discovered computer science, I just fell in love with it. I knew that this is something that I wanted to do as my career, and also bring it to my community,” she told CNN.

Many basic computer skills were still a steep learning curve, however. Cheboi remembers having to practice touch-typing for six months before she could pass a coding interview. Touch-typing is a skill that is now a core part of the TechLit curriculum.

“I feel so accomplished seeing kids that are 7 years old touch-typing, knowing that I just learned how to touch-type less than five years ago,” she said.

Once she had begun working in the software industry, Cheboi soon realized the extent of which computers were being thrown away as companies upgraded their technology infrastructure.

“We have kids here (in Kenya) — myself included, back in the day — who don’t even know what a computer is,” she said.

So, in 2018, she began transporting donated computers back to Kenya — in her personal luggage, handling customs fees and taxes herself.

“At one point, I was bringing 44 computers, and I paid more for the luggage than I did for the air ticket,” she said.

A year later, she co-founded TechLit Africa with a fellow software engineer after both quit their jobs. The nonprofit accepts computer donations from companies, universities and individuals.

The hardware is wiped and refurbished before it’s shipped to Kenya. There, it’s distributed to partner schools in rural communities, where students ages 4 to 12 receive daily classes and frequent opportunities to learn from professionals, gaining skills that will help improve their education and better prepare them for future jobs.

“We have people who own a specific skill coming in and are just inspiring the kids (with) music production, video production, coding, personal branding,” Cheboi said. “They can go from doing a remote class with NASA on education to music production.”

The organization currently serves 10 schools; within the next year, Cheboi hopes to be partnered with 100 more.

“My hope is that when the first TechLit kids graduate high school, they’re able to get a job online because they will know how to code, they will know how to do graphic design, they will know how to do marketing,” Cheboi said. “The world is your oyster when you are educated. By bringing the resources, by bringing these skills, we are opening up the world to them.”

Video Ad Feedback Watch the moment CNN's Hero of the Year is announced 01:30 - Source: CNN

An inspiring night of heroism and advocacy

CNN’s Anderson Cooper and ABC’s Kelly Ripa co-hosted the 16th Annual “CNN Heroes: An All-Star Tribute,” which featured more than a dozen celebrity presenters.

“We’re so deeply honored to be here,” said actress and singer Sofia Carson, who perfomed a song with award-winning songwriter Diane Warren at the event. “Diane wrote this incredible anthem ‘Applause’ for those leading, surviving and fighting and tonight we dedicate this song and performance to our heroes.”

Actor Aubrey Plaza introduced CNN Hero Aidan Reilly, who launched his nonprofit while home from college during the early months of the Covid-19 pandemic.

“From his pandemic couch, Aidan and his friends co-founded Farmlink Project,” Plaza said. The nonprofit connects excess food from farms across the US – food that would otherwise be wasted – to those who need it. “In just two years, he .. has moved more than 70 million pounds,” Plaza added.

Debra Vines – whose nonprofit The Answer Inc. supports families impacted by autism in underserved communities across Chicago – was honored by actress Holly Robinson Peete, a “fellow autism mom.”

Vines says her group has provided programming and guidance to more than 4,000 families. “Join me and be a servant for the change today,” Vines said when accepting her award.

And Emmy award-winning actor Justin Theroux brought his rescue dog Kuma, on the stage to honor Carie Broecker ​​and her nonprofit, Peace of Mind Dog Rescue.

Two teenagers making a difference in their communities were also honored as 2022 Young Wonders:

Ruby Chitsey, a 15-year-old from Harrison, Arkansas, started “Three Wishes for Ruby’s Residents,” which donates personal items to nursing home residents who couldn’t otherwise afford them.

Sri Nihal Tammana, a 13-year-old from Edison, New Jersey, started “Recycle My Battery,” which keeps used batteries out of the ecosystem through a network of collection bins.

The show also honored two Georgia poll workers, Shaye Moss and her mother Ruby Freeman, whose lives were upended after false allegations that they had been involved in election fraud spread on social media.

Contribute

CNN has partnered with GoFundMe to enable donations to this year’s Top 10 honorees. GoFundMe is the world’s largest fundraising platform that empowers people and charities to give and receive help. Supporters can make online donations to the Top 10 CNN Heroes’ non-profit organizations directly from CNNHeroes.com. Subaru is matching all donations up to $50,000 for each of this year’s honorees through January 3, 2023.

Nominate someone for next year

Do you know someone in your community doing amazing things to make the world a better place? Keep an eye on CNN.com/heroes and consider nominating that person as a CNN Hero in 2023. You can also read more about many of the 350 past CNN Heroes who have helped over 55 million people across all 50 US states and in more than 110 countries around the world.