“Feral” is a cloudy term, one most of us have heard in connection with animals that aren’t domestic but aren’t wild either. So what exactly is a feral animal?

It's one that lives in the wild “but was descended from domesticated stock,” says Kayce Bell, assistant curator of mammalogy at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles. Their time being domesticated, which can entail generations of being selectively bred and cared for by humans, usually as pets or livestock, is “the only thing that distinguishes them from wild creatures, she says.

The expression “feral” is sometimes seen as pejorative, as if an animal has failed at or rejected domesticity. Feral animals are also sometimes called wild, “because they are they are technically wild, free-living animals,” Bell says, and there is debate about what definitions apply to what animals.

Domestic cats are a good example. A feral cat is a domestic cat not born in human custody and adept at living outdoors, while stray cats once had human care and aren’t used to living in the wild. Community cats are stray or feral, and may have a person who feeds them, but not an owner. Domestic cats have a human home but may spend time outdoors.

Whatever you call them, cats that go outdoors kill an estimated one to four billion birds a year in the U.S. That’s why the American Society for the Protection of Animals advocates trapping, neutering, and releasing free-roaming cats as a way of controlling their populations. (Read more about the challenges of managing outdoor cats.)

Pigeons and parrots

The numerous pigeons that flock cities worldwide are feral, descended from rock doves that have been kept by humans for 10,000 years. People historically used the birds as food, racing animals, and messengers; 32 even received medals for their military service in World War II.

The domesticated rock doves that escaped or were released found cities very comfortable, especially because buildings, with all their ledges and nooks, are similar to the cliff faces their wild ancestors lived in, Bell says.

Pigeons are considered a nuisance species because they deface property with their copious droppings and can spread parasites and disease to other birds, though such transmission is considered low risk. They can also be beneficial to the ecosystem, particularly as prey for the once-endangered peregrine falcon.

Various species of feral parrots and parakeets have also taken up residence across the U.S., particularly in California.

What does domesticated mean?

To further the confusion, we go to Florida.

The Sunshine State is home to loads of invasive species, including a ballooning population of Burmese pythons in the Everglades, most of which are descendants of pet reptiles that escaped or were released into the wild as long ago as the 1900s, says Jacquelyn Guzy, an ecologist with the U.S. Geological Survey and lead author of a new report from the USGS about Florida’s serpentine transplants.

Despite their pet ancestors, though, Guzy says Burmese pythons in Florida are not considered feral.

“A species can be both feral and invasive, such as feral pigs,” Guzy says via email. Beginning in the 1500s, European explorers and settlers brought wild boar, Sus scrofa, to the New World many different times, either as livestock or as animals to be hunted for food or sport. The U.S. government now refers to them as feral swine. (Read how feral hogs are running wild in the U.S., and spreading disease.)

Invasive species are non-native animals or plants, sometimes introduced by people, that cause environmental, economic, or property damage. Though Burmese pythons have wreaked ecological havoc, Guzy “would not consider Burmese pythons feral,” because they weren’t ever really domesticated.

Domestication is a “process of years and years of artificial selection by humans,” instead of natural selection that occurs in the wild, says Kate Schoenecker, a wildlife biologist for the USGS. As with dogs, chickens, or cows, people breed animals to influence the way they look and behave.

Domesticated animals and people often share a mutual relationship, Guzy adds. If you provide backyard chickens food and shelter, for example, you get free eggs in return.

“Snakes in general neither need nor seek that relationship from humans,” she says.

'Born wild is wild'

Horses and burros on U.S. federal lands are protected under the Wild Free-Roaming Horses and Burros Act of 1971. They’re called wild because that phrasing is used in the legislative text, not because they are, says Schoenecker, a horse lover herself.

As descendants of domestic animals brought here by European explorers hundreds of years ago, the term feral applies, she says. (Read more about the controversies surrounding wild horses.)

Not everyone agrees.

“Born wild is wild,” says Suzanne Roy, executive director of the American Wild Horse Campaign, a nonprofit that works to change some current horse-management practices, including aerial roundups on public lands. “They go back generations.”

Complicating matters, equids did evolve in North America, about 59 to 34 million years ago, before moving across the Bering Land Bridge into Asia. North American equids went extinct in North America in the Paleolithic era, along with saber-toothed cats and mammoths.

In 2021, a fossil study showed evidence of genetic flow between extinct North American and Eursian horses, meaning the animals moved back and forth over the land bridge and interbred for hundreds of thousands of years. In the 15th century, European settlers began to bring domesticated horses back to North America.

For that reason, some scientists use the term “reintroduced” when referring to U.S. free-roaming horses.

Now that is wild.At a feedlot in Alberta, Canada, up to 10,000 horses await their death. In the winter, when temperatures can drop to -30 degrees Fahrenheit, the snow-covered equines huddle together for warmth. On multiple occasions, only a handful of employees were around to check on the animals, and scavengers have picked over neglected carcasses. In 2019, a dead newborn foal was found frozen to the ground.

“Pure agony” is how Sonja Meadows, president of the nonprofit Animals’ Angels, describes these animals’ situation. She’s visited the Prime Feedlot, owned by meat exporter Bouvry Exports—and others—many times, but this, “I can never forget,” she says. (Bouvry Exports did not respond to a request for comment.)

About 20,000 U.S. horses—including former racehorses, work horses, show animals, discarded pets, and even wild horses—are sold to slaughterhouses in Canada and Mexico every year, according to a recent report by U.S. nonprofits Animal Wellness Action, Center for a Humane Economy, and Animals’ Angels.

While there’s no explicit ban on killing horses for meat in the U.S., Congress has blocked funding of USDA inspections of horse slaughterhouses since 2007. Without these inspections, it’s illegal to sell horse meat across state lines.

No such bans exist in neighboring countries, however, which is why Canada and Mexico have become a “dumping ground” for unwanted horses, says Camille Labchuk, executive director of the Canadian nonprofit Animal Justice. In 2022, more than 16,300 U.S. horses were shipped to Mexico and more than 5,100 to Canada, according to USDA export data.

The supply of U.S. horses to the foreign meat industry has sharply declined from more than 300,000 in the 1990s. But the auction-to-slaughter pipeline remains notorious for its suffering. Investigations of auctions, holding pens, transport, and slaughterhouses have found animals injured, diseased, and starving, according to the report, compiled by the three animal-welfare nonprofits. Witnesses saw downed animals dragged from trailers, beaten by their handlers, and trampled by other horses.

There’s no official system for tracking the origin of these animals, but more than half of those going to slaughter originate from horse racing or show industries, estimates Marty Irby, executive director of the Washington D.C.-based Animal Wellness Action. Racehorses are often identifiable by a tattoo on their lip.

Only about 10 percent of slaughter horses are Thoroughbreds, Irby estimates, and the National Thoroughbred Racing Association has supported the movement to ban slaughter in the past. (In 2002, at age 19, the 1986 Kentucky Derby winner Ferdinand, a Thoroughbred, was sent to a slaughterhouse in Japan.) The largest group are American Quarter horses, which are commonly used as working animals.

But “once a horse is designated a ‘kill horse,’” everything changes, says Scott Beckstead, director of campaigns for both the Center for a Humane Economy and Animal Wellness Action. “Any concern for its welfare goes out the window.”

Poor welfare: ‘No one does much about it’

Unwanted horses are brought to auctions in the U.S., where so-called “kill buyers” are present. The horse-meat industry depends on a “stealthy, predatory network” of these buyers, who purchase discarded horses and sell them at a profit to foreign slaughterhouses, the report says.

Once these buyers purchase horses, they take them to holding pens or feedlots, where their conditions deteriorate. It’s common to see horses with their bones protruding, suffering from broken legs, festering wounds, and disease, Meadows says. Veterinary care is minimal or nonexistent.

Moving horses to Canada or Mexico requires long-distance travel, often in cramped, repurposed cow trailers. They often spend more than a day in these trailers. In December, Meadows found a downed horse being trampled in a trailer parked at a New Mexico gas station. “There was blood everywhere,” she says. The driver prodded the animal with a stick, the horse stood up shakily, and the journey resumed.

Conditions in slaughterhouses are also poor, and likely violate welfare laws, Labchuk says.

One slaughterhouse employee confessed that workers would “just drag” horses with broken legs to slaughter, according to the report.

Investigators with the Canadian Food Inspection Agency are required to examine the animal before it’s killed, typically with a bolt gun; to check the carcass after, primarily for food safety purposes; and enforce humane slaughter laws—though there’s no requirement for them to watch the animal be killed.

Based on CFIA’s own records and the recent report, Labchuk says it’s clear “CFIA misses most of the abuse that happens in slaughterhouses.”

CFIA did not respond to requests for comment.

Though treatment throughout the auction-to-slaughter pipeline likely violates both U.S. local and federal animal welfare laws, advocates say, those regulations are rarely enforced. Horse auctions “famously operate outside the law,” Beckstead says.

The USDA requires that horses being transported for slaughter have food and water for six hours before they are loaded, that cargo spaces are designed to protect “the health and well-being” of the animals, and that the owner bring in a vet if an animal is in “obvious physical distress.”

In reality, “kill buyers break [horse transport] rules all day every day, and no one does much about it,” Beckstead says.

The USDA did not respond to requests for comment.

The dying horse meat industry

The market for horse meat is all but nonexistent in North America, but the animals are more commonly eaten in Europe and Asia. Live horses are even shipped to Japan for sashimi. Last year, Mexico sent four million dollars’ worth of horse meat to Japan, China, and Russia; and in 2021, Canada exported $28.6 million worth of meat to Japan and Europe, including France, Belgium, Italy, Germany, Luxembourg, and Switzerland.

Still, because of increased awareness surrounding animal welfare and food safety concerns, foreign demand for horse meat has plummeted in recent decades.

That’s partly because U.S. horse meat is often tainted, experts say. Because these animals aren’t raised for meat, they’re given drugs throughout their lives that are not fit for human consumption, including phenylbutazone, commonly referred to as “bute,” a pain reliever.

After an audit found drugs in horse meat imported from Mexico, the European Union banned imports from the country in 2014. In 2016, the EU required all U.S. horses to be held for six months in Canadian feedlots, in theory to rid the animals of toxins before slaughter. The EU also bans imports of meat from horses that have ever received phenylbutazone, and a horse’s last owner must sign paperwork attesting that the animal is drug-free. But “this honor system is just not working,” Meadows says—a 2018 audit of Canadian horse meat bound for Europe found traces of the drug.

“Most domesticated American horses at some point in their life get bute,” Beckstead says. “Phenylbutazone never leaves the system.”

“The writing is on the wall” for the horse meat industry, Beckstead says. In a poll last year, the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals found that 83 percent of Americans oppose the slaughter of U.S. horses for consumption.

And yet, the U.S. is enabling this industry by allowing horses to be exported, Irby says—which is why he’s encouraging animal welfare advocates to urge members of Congress to include a ban on horse slaughter in the upcoming Farm Bill.

“We don't eat horses in America,” he says. “And if it's not okay to slaughter horses on U.S. soil … then why is it okay to transport U.S.-born horses to another country and slaughter them?”Aloïse Amougha clearly recalls the night 30 years ago when a spirit visited him and changed his life. “You have to plant iboga,” it instructed. “And with that iboga, you have to heal the world.”

This vision came to Amougha while he was gripped in the mystical throes of a Bwiti initiation ceremony, a traditional ritual practiced by some 50 ethnic communities in Gabon. Bwiti initiates eat or drink Tabernanthe iboga—a shrub-like tree whose roots contain a powerful psychoactive compound called ibogaine. Named after the Tsogho word “to heal,” iboga grows in several Central African countries. But its strongest cultural ties are in Gabon, where an estimated 5 percent of the country’s 2.3 million citizens practice Bwiti, and more still use iboga in an informal context.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Iboga creates a waking dream-like state in which people may encounter their ancestors or see themselves in past lives. They may be shown core truths about who they are or, as in Amougha’s case, be visited by spirits. Amougha says his spirit neither specified how many iboga seeds he was to plant nor explained why he was to do this. Amougha trusted that the answer eventually would be revealed. So he and his wife, Jacqueline, started planting iboga—and never stopped. Three decades later, a veritable jungle of more than 4,000 trees surrounds their modest home in northeastern Gabon.

In February, Lee White, Gabon’s environment minister, issued an authorization that marked the couple’s iboga as the first to be exported legally from Gabon, as well as the first psychoactive material to be traded under the Nagoya Protocol, a supplementary agreement to the Convention on Biological Diversity that came into force in 2014. The protocol aims to prevent cultural and natural exploitation by establishing benefits-sharing for the people and places from which genetic resources originate.

Tomorrow, a little over two pounds of the couple’s iboga will be sent to Terragnosis, a Canadian company established to source and distribute iboga traded in accordance with the protocol. In Canada, it will undergo chemical analysis and be processed into pure alkaloids that will be delivered to Ambio Life Sciences, a group of clinical facilities in Mexico serving as a pilot for the new legal trade program. There, therapists will use the iboga extract to treat a primarily American clientele for substance use disorders and trauma.

If all goes well, this will be the first of many harvests that make up a new fair trade iboga industry built on principles of equity, reciprocity, and sustainability. “At the same time addicts are healing themselves in the West, they will be supporting communities in Gabon,” says Yann Guignon, the French founder and co-director of Blessings of the Forest, a nonprofit that’s leading the fair trade iboga effort.

"I and my wife, Jacqueline, hope this tree will bring the best to the world,” Amougha adds of the pilot shipment.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: Iboga grows naturally across Gabon, including in the northeast where the Ivindo River runs through the town of Makokou. Nearby rural communities have formed village associations that are establishing sustainable iboga plantations with the support of Blessings of the Forest, a Gabonese nonprofit group. Right: Ibogaine is the primary psychoactive component of the iboga plant. The greatest concentrations are found in iboga roots and vary with soil chemistry, climate, and competition from other plants. Iboga fruit, ranging in color from tangerine to sunshine yellow, may also contain ibogaine.

Ibogaine is sought increasingly outside Gabon for treating post-traumatic stress disorder, especially among combat veterans. Meanwhile, scientists are still trying to understand how ibogaine helps people with substance use disorders break their addictions and skip the painful withdrawal process. If ibogaine does prevent relapses, it “may prove to be truly transformative for addiction medicine,” says Deborah Mash, an emeritus professor at the University of Miami and CEO of DemeRx, a company working toward FDA approval of ibogaine.

But behind the mounting stories of lives changed and saved lurks an uncomfortable truth: Most iboga and ibogaine used by clinics around the world originates from plants poached from Gabon’s forests and smuggled out of Cameroon.

“We know that iboga leaves Gabon to be sold on the internet,” says Natacha Nssi Bengone, a deputy director general at Gabon’s Ministry of Waters and Forests, the Sea, and the Environment. “This is done without agreement from Gabon.”

According to Max Ondo, head of the social department at Conservation Justice, a non-profit group focused on ending illegal wildlife trade in Gabon, Cameroonians are the main iboga traffickers. They buy an iboga tree for “something like $16,” Ondo says, and back in Cameroon, they sell the roots “for more online to Europeans or Americans.”

While ibogaine “does save lives,” says Kirran Ahmad, a psychedelic research clinician at Imperial College London who’s in charge of ensuring mutual benefit between Gabon and the West at Blessings of the Forest, what’s usually missing from the Western experience of the drug is the “narrative of what’s happening in Gabon. Gabon is where slaves were extracted from, and to me, this is another extractive process that’s going on with iboga.”

The new fair trade iboga program is meant to address this problem by offering a legal, sustainable alternative. The effort is not without critics, however, and it’s yet to be seen whether practitioners and clinics abroad will support the program by choosing fair trade iboga rather than continuing to buy cheaper, most likely poached product online. What hangs in the balance, according to Denis Massande, president of the Association for the Development of the Culture of the Pygmy Peoples of Gabon, are the rights of Gabon’s Indigenous communities and the future of a key piece of cultural and ecological heritage.

“We’ve never refused to share iboga with other people,” Massande says. “But now that this commerce of iboga is known across the world, if there is no regulation put in place, iboga will disappear.”

Nature’s pharmacopeia

Archaeological evidence from traces of charcoal discovered in a cave in Gabon indicates that Indigenous people there have been using iboga for at least 2,000 years. Legend has it that somewhere along the way, Babongo Pygmies stumbled upon iboga’s psychoactive effects after observing animals consuming the plant. Pygmies shared what they learned with Bantu people, who make up the majority of Gabon’s population today.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

In the West, French and Swiss pharmacologists isolated ibogaine from iboga roots in 1901, and soon, pharmacies in France were marketing ibogaine tablets for treating a range of maladies and for assisting with “greater than normal physical or mental efforts by healthy individuals.” In the 1960s, a handful of psychiatrists in Chile and the U.S. began using ibogaine as a therapeutic agent, and the drug’s ability to quash addiction came to light a year later when Howard Lotsof, a New York City native, found that it relieved him of his desire to use heroin, without any symptoms of withdrawal.

The U.S. banned all use and virtually all study of ibogaine in 1970 under the newly created Controlled Substances Act, and a number of other countries have bans, especially in Europe. In South Africa, New Zealand, and Brazil’s São Paulo state, ibogaine is a prescription medication; in most other places, it falls into a legal grey zone—not explicitly approved for medical use but not expressly forbidden, either.

The patchwork of global legislation has led to an explosion of ibogaine-related medical tourism, with 80 to 100 iboga providers—primarily in Mexico, Brazil, Costa Rica, Colombia, and South Africa—serving mostly North Americans and Europeans who often pay $5,000 to $15,000 for a single therapeutic session. Demand is growing, and new clinics are “constantly popping up,” says Juliana Mulligan, founder of New York City-based Inner Vision Ibogaine, which provides consultation services for people undergoing ibogaine treatment and for ibogaine clinics.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Estimates of the number of people outside Gabon who have tried ibogaine since the 1960s vary from 10,000 to 40,000, according to Tobias Erny, executive director of the Global Iboga Therapy Alliance , a nonprofit dedicated to supporting sacramental and therapeutic uses of iboga. “In 2006, it was roundabout 3,000 people who have done ibogaine outside of Africa, but we estimate that this figure has skyrocketed massively since then.”

Data collected from some Western users point to iboga’s therapeutic potential. From 1996 to 2005, Mash ran an ibogaine clinic on the island of St. Kitts where she supervised treatment of 277 patients, most of whom detoxed successfully from opioids or cocaine after just one dose. “I saw this really transform people by taking someone in an intractable cycle of drug dependency and breaking them free,” Mash says.

A 2020 study of 51 U.S. Special Operations Forces veterans who received therapy in Mexico with ibogaine and 5-MeO-DMT, another psychedelic substance, revealed “very large reductions” in the participants’ PTSD symptoms, among other things. Most veterans also described the experience as one of the most spiritually significant events of their lives. “Ibogaine dives into some deep stuff and helps you to make sense of it in a way that traditional rehab doesn’t even come close to doing,” says Mulligan, who used ibogaine to end a seven-year opioid dependency after mainstream treatments failed to bring relief.

Ibogaine can be made in a lab but has yet to be developed that way at scale, and it can be derived from certain other plant species, especially Voacanga africana, a tropical African tree. Iboga also grows outside Gabon. Ralph Votel, a German citizen, launched an intensive iboga plantation in Ghana in 2016 after learning that demand was increasing and natural supply dwindling. He now has 40,000 trees on 170 acres and ships all over the world. “It’s a tradable commodity, the same as cocoa or bananas,” he says. “The demand is going up worldwide.”

But iboga from Gabon, in particular, is seen as imbued with the goodwill of eons of traditional use and as containing an ecologically ordained chemical complexity that can’t be replicated elsewhere in the wild or in the lab.

'My iboga comes from Gabon'

In Gabon, iboga is legal to harvest outside protected areas for traditional use. But except for the pilot shipment going out this week, anyone who has imported it from Gabon has broken the law and likely supported poaching, Guignon says. “When you ask clinics where they get their medicine, they don’t answer.”

Gabon has yet to carry out a country-wide survey of iboga, so it’s impossible to know whether poaching is causing a decline, and authorities don’t track seizures of contraband. But the local price has risen by 800 percent over the past decade, and some people say it’s becoming scarcer or even has disappeared from certain areas.

Solange Ngouessono, deputy director of operations at Gabon’s National Parks Agency, knows of 20 iboga-related arrests from 2011 to 2012 when he was working at Mayumba National Park. He and his colleagues seized 88 bags of iboga roots weighing about 20 pounds each, plus two large bottles of powdered roots. “The culprits intended to sell their products in Libreville and beyond,” Ngouessono says.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

In December 2018, rangers in Mayumba National Park seized some 90 bags of iboga totaling an estimated 2,000 pounds. A few months later, Nssi Bengone says, photos of “huge quantities” of iboga were found on the mobile phone of a Cameroonian citizen apprehended in Gabon for ivory trafficking. “That ivory poacher was probably also interested in iboga,” she says.

In February 2019, Gabonese authorities passed legislation forbidding iboga’s export without a government permit. “Until now, we’ve never given such authorization,” Nssi Bengone says. “But we can see for sale on the internet iboga advertised as ‘This is from Gabon.’”

Indeed, within days of joining an ibogaine-themed Facebook group, a user messaged me offering “top quality iboga products” for $800 per half-pound. I could use the iboga, the user said, to treat “all type[s] of addiction, healing, depression, stress and psychological issues,” as well as for “spiritual sacrament.”

“My iboga comes from Gabon,” the user added, trying to clinch the sale.

Because iboga has “universal value,” the threat poaching poses to the species is “not only a Gabonese problem,” says Henri-Paul Moubeyi Bouale, president of the National Association of Bwiti Missoko. “It concerns the whole world to protect this plant.”

‘I’m fighting racism’ and ‘biopiracy’

Yann Guignon, of Blessings of the Forest, is a brusque former businessman and at first seems an unexpected leader in the push for fair trade iboga. But he’s always had an affinity for African cultures and an antipathy to racism. The son of a white French father and multiracial South African mother, he grew up in a diverse neighborhood in Angers, where most of his friends were Black and he often got into fights with white kids who made racist comments.

In the early 2000s, Guignon got a job in Paris with an information and communications technology company as the intercultural mediator between Western and African stakeholders. Cocaine and alcohol were common in his workplace, and he began using both substances, sometimes to excess.

In 2004, a Gabonese project manager at an IT engineering service company noticed Guignon’s cocaine habit and offered to facilitate an iboga session for him. Guignon had never heard of iboga but agreed. “It was like I was reading the story of my life in a very different way, and it really explained to me why I was the way I was,” he recalls of that difficult but profound first experience.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Guignon never took cocaine again, and within a few years, he’d quit his job and moved to Gabon. He was initiated into Bwiti, got his Gabonese citizenship, and became a mentee to Jean Noël Gassita, a pharmacologist and leading iboga expert who died in March 2022. Gassita explained that the West had poached Gabon’s iboga for two centuries and that it was now becoming more difficult for Gabonese to find and afford the sacred plant. Guignon agreed to help find a solution. “For me, it’s exactly the same as when I was a teenager—I’m fighting racism,” he says.

In 2011, Gassita introduced Guignon to Sylvia Bongo Ondimba, Gabon’s First Lady, who suggested that Guignon research iboga within the context of the Nagoya Protocol. Guignon put together an exhaustive report outlining all available information about iboga, including the threats poaching posed to the plant. He his colleagues at Blessings of the Forest spent the next decade developing a legal and social framework that could meet the growing demand for iboga abroad while simultaneously benefiting rural Gabonese and protecting the environment.

Nagoya is for everybody

Now, in theory, anyone in Gabon can export iboga under Gabon’s legislation, modeled on the Nagoya Protocol, as long as certain benefits-sharing and environmental requirements are met.

Blessings of the Forest is helping facilitate this for rural residents by encouraging them to form associations and providing the financial and technical support to establish iboga plantations. Blessings also connects village associations with international buyers and helps with export paperwork. In return, communities agree not to cut down any large trees to make way for iboga; not to illegally exploit wildlife or timber; and to reinvest at least half of what they make from iboga sales into community projects such as schools and infrastructure.

So far, 13 village associations representing a thousand people have entered into this partnership, planting more than 21,000 iboga trees on 14 plantations. Working with Blessings of the Forest is a “win-win,” according to Hubert-bled Elie-Nloh, president of A2E, an association that’s established two plantations near Makokou. (Amougha and Jacqueline are members.) “It represents conservation of our culture, first, and also conservation of biodiversity,” Elie-Nloh says. “Iboga is the war horse leading the charge for community development.”

When the fair trade program is running smoothly, Blessing of the Forest’s next priority, Guignon says, will be convincing—or, if necessary, legally obligating—ibogaine clinics and pharmaceutical companies around the world to engage in some form of reciprocity for Gabon. He also plans to help Bwiti leaders challenge current and future patents sought in the West for ibogaine—which he calls “Columbus syndrome”—on the basis that intellectual property rights already belong to Gabon. “They claim to have discovered things that were already known by people here,” Guignon says. “It’s biopiracy.”

Some international groups strongly support these efforts. Ricard Faura is a program manager at the International Center for Ethnobotanical Education, Research, and Service and an advisor at the Indigenous Medicine Conservation Fund, which supports Blessings of the Forest. He points out that if nothing is done, “then in a not-so-far away future, we will see no more iboga in the wild, and people won’t have the chance to practice their tradition.”

There are people, however, who fear that Gabon’s new legal framework will be wielded to benefit some groups and exclude others. “The idea of Blessings of the Forest is very noble,” says Tobias Erny, of the Global Iboga Therapy Alliance. But he worries that the new rules will be used “to help a certain clique who are very close to the ruling class of Gabon to make a kind of iboga monopoly.”

“All the exploitation of resources in Gabon are controlled by the families with power,” adds Georges Oberdeno Essongue, co-founder of SoVaTer, a Gabonese company that aims to also engage in fair trade iboga. Oberdeno Essongue fears that he and his colleagues will not be among the “few people” likely granted authorization to export iboga.

For the iboga trade to be truly equitable, it needs to be “tethered to the Indigenous people,” says Massande of the Pygmy association. “That’s a way for us to get something back for what we brought into the world.”

Responding to these concerns, Nssi Bengone emphasizes, “the Nagoya Protocol is for everybody—in particular, local communities.”

Gabon’s gift

It remains to be seen whether fair trade iboga will take hold. But on an overcast morning in November, at Amougha and Jacqueline’s home, such a future felt possible.

Amougha led a group of A2E and Blessings of the Forest members across his yard, a slurry of tawny mud after a storm. He stopped in front of the first iboga tree he’d planted back in the early 1990s—a 13-foot-tall beauty, its leaves glistening a brilliant shade of lime green—while the group bowed their heads behind him. “I’m calling on the spirit of God,” Amougha said, addressing the tree in a reverent voice. “People of this Earth and people from all around, this wood will make you better and strong. Make them know it came from Gabon.”

Amougha asked for the tree’s permission to cut it and relayed its answer to the crowd: “It’s time for me to go to allow space for other trees to breathe.”

With that, machetes swung and shovels plunged into the rich earth. An hour later, the old tree and several others had been reduced to a few bags of mud-caked roots. Each of the five A2E members was paid $16 for work that would normally earn them less than a dollar. For the roots themselves, both the A2E association and Amougha and Jacqueline got payments of more than $900—about four times the average monthly salary in Gabon. In this impoverished rural region where elephants eat farmers’ crops, diseases are rife, and basic services such as electricity are lacking, iboga can “heal the whole community, in the sense of making life easier,” Amougha says.

The roots from that first harvest were delivered a few miles down the dirt road to a group of waiting priestesses adorned in Bwiti regalia, their bodies painted pale white and faces decorated with red dots arranged in striking geometric patterns. The women spent the night ceremonially preparing the iboga for shipment. Sitting on the floor, they meticulously scraped the outer layer off each root strand as they sang to the intoxicating strums of a ngombi, a kind of harp said to bridge the spirit world with the earthly one. Working in batches, Delphine Minko nee Akoumanlo, a Bwiti master of ceremonies, roasted the clean roots over an outdoor fire and pulverized them into a fine powder. “Iboga can show us the way of life,” she said, the moon illuminating a plume of smoke that framed her face. “It’s like the big school of life.”

The following morning, Guignon and his colleagues picked up the blessed and processed iboga, paid the women $79 each, and began the bumpy, 14-hour drive back to Libreville. Very soon, a precious package, the first ever to be sent in a spirit of reciprocity, would cross the Atlantic and arrive in a new continent where the real journey will begin—in the minds of the people who will take it for healing.

And in those intensely personal journeys, Amougha’s benediction—issued to a tree he spent half his life tending—perhaps will shine through the darkness to ease their passage.

Reporting for this story was supported by a Ferriss-UC Berkeley Psychedelic Journalism Fellowship.This plant could save lives—and everyone wants to cash in“I hear ravens up ahead,” says Steven Gnam, a photographer and mountaineer. It’s high noon in Glacier National Park and we’re nearing the end of a 5,000-foot climb up a peak draped in mist and covered with loose rocks.

Momentarily, two coal-black corvids wheel in and out of the clouds. “Is that a good sign?” I ask, considering whether the appearance of these archetypal tricksters has any larger meaning. “Yes,” he says. “They’re here because of the bears.”

As we climb, signs of grizzlies begin to appear everywhere; first, a deep divot, large enough to lie in, where a bear has dug into the loose gravel and rock, also known as scree and talus; then, plentiful piles of scat; finally, the sounds of a bear in the near distance, hidden by mist, raking into tablet-shaped stones and tossing them, which sounds like clattering dinner plates.

0:10

What has drawn the grizzly bears—and ravens—to the mountains are army cutworm moths, 1.5-inch-long silvery insects that have migrated here, many from hundreds of miles away.

Every summer, billions of moths flock to the Northern Rockies to escape the heat of the plains and feed on alpine plants. During the day they rest under high-elevation scree; by night, they sup the nectar of flowers. The insects become plump, increasing to upward of 75 percent body fat. Here, grizzly bears scale peaks of up to 13,000 feet and dig through the talus to consume tens of thousands of moths a day.

The phenomenon illustrates a fascinating link between a charismatic carnivore and a small insect, considered a pest by some, since it can feed on crops.

“It's this unique story of this tiny little moth and this big bear that is compelled to go up to high elevations to feed on it,” says Erik Peterson, a Washington State University-affiliated biologist whose graduate research in Glacier National Park involved mapping where both creatures occur in Glacier in unprecedented detail.

Yet the situation presents challenges for land managers, especially as more and more people visit the mountains. Biologist Erika Nunlist, while at Montana State, conducted a master’s thesis in the Absaroka Range—at the eastern edge of the Yellowstone wilderness—that found on one so-called “mothing peak,” bears ran away 80 percent of the time when people approached. This can deprive them of a vital food source late in the season before hibernation, when calories are paramount.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: Most people think of the grizzly bear as a mountain animal. However, in past eras the grizzly was widespread in the Great Plains and beyond, and known to follow bison herds. But widespread hunting and trapping extirpated them from 98 percent of their range in the Lower 48. The remaining grizzlies found refuge in remote mountain ranges within the Rockies and North Cascades.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“You want bears feeding on these sites, because they are as far removed from people as you can get,” Peterson says. But the people are coming anyway, and not without risk. In late June 2022, experienced hiker Barry Olson climbed a nearby peak and ran into a grizzly that mauled and nearly killed him. But no recorded fatalities have been associated with the phenomenon, and the bears are in general “remarkably tolerant and hospitable with humans,” Peterson says.

In January, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service announced it’s considering removing federal protections for grizzly bears afforded them under the Endangered Species Act, which could pave the way for state-administered hunts in Montana, Wyoming, and Idaho.

Meanwhile, much about the phenomenon remains mysterious. What does the future hold for moths and bears in the Northern Rockies?

Ranging far and wide

Large numbers of grizzly bears, a type of brown bear, were once found throughout most of what is now the western United States and into northern Mexico. But they were shot and trapped and nearly extirpated from the Lower 48 by the mid-1900s, hanging on in a small population of the Northern Rockies listed as an endangered species in 1975.

Their numbers have since grown and there are thought to be around 2,000 in the continental U.S., surviving in two genetically isolated populations centered around Glacier and the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem. These bears are resilient and versatile, with a broad diet. One study in the Yellowstone area found they consume 175 species of plants and more than 80 species of animals.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

But none of these foods are as calorie dense as army cutworm moths, which occupy a vast range across western North America. These insects emerge from the soil in the spring as worm-like larvae, or cutworms, that will eat just about any young plant, including crops.

A few weeks after the caterpillars emerge, they form cocoons and develop into moths—then head for the mountains in great numbers, sometimes creating “moth blizzards,” which are drawn in the tens of thousands to lights, especially inside houses and garages.

Research by biologist Clare Dittemore, a graduate student at Montana State, and colleagues suggests that most moths migrating to a peak in the Absaroka Range don’t feed on fertilized crops, instead eating wild plants and weeds as larvae. This includes invasive species such as cheatgrass: In 2003 in northern Nevada, the moths devoured 1,100 square miles of it. These data show the insects are not merely an agricultural pest, but an important part of the ecosystem.

Her studies also affirm most local moths hail from a broad swathe of Canada. This follows work by Hilary Robinson, now a researcher at Yellowstone National Park, showing that moths choose seemingly random mountainous locations to migrate and don’t return to one spot, like, say, salmon. Their site-agnostic travels and broad distribution make them less vulnerable to disturbances, Dittemore adds, but climate change remains a threat to insect migrations because of its wide-ranging and unpredictable effects.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

At the same time, as some of their other food sources have dwindled, grizzlies are likely increasingly relying on moths as a food source. For instance, grizzlies eat nuts from whitebark pines, but these trees have been hit hard by white pine blister rust, an exotic fungus that has infected and killed up to 90 percent of these conifers in the Northern Rockies in the last century. Populations of cutthroat trout, another vital food in the Yellowstone area, have also significantly declined since the 1990s after the introduction of invasive lake trout, which can outcompete them.

For their study, Dittemore’s team set up a transportable radar tracking incoming moths, estimating that up to five million of the insects arrived over a single pass in the Absarokas over a five-day period in summer.

So far researchers have identified more than 30 sites in the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem where moths and bears flock; a third or more of the bears in some of these areas likely feed on the them. Other creatures including ravens, which follow grizzlies to find moth hotspots, are also nourished by the insects.

In early autumn, once the alpine flowers begin to go to seed, the moths head back toward the plains to breed and lay eggs in loose soil. These eggs develop into larvae that remain dormant underground until spring.

Nobody knows how long bears have been feeding on moths. The first reports date back to Yellowstone in the 1950s, but scientific research didn’t begin until the 1980s. Around the same time, bears were seen feeding on moths atop McDonald Peak in the Mission Mountains south of Glacier and on traditional land of the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes of the Flathead Reservation. (Related: Grizzly bears saved this veteran's life. He's returning the favor.)

Peak experience

Toward the top of the peak in Glacier, I dig into the talus; a dozen insects emerge and try to hide, crawling deeper down.

The insects’ wings are many shades of gray and brown, with a soft sheen that reflects the rocks around them. A closer look reveals an understated beauty, with notes of stone, sagebrush, and cinnamon. Patterns of circular motifs swirl throughout—some charcoal, others the white of a clouded sky. This coloration helps them blend in with the scree and lichen-painted rocks.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

The ground is torn up: “Essentially everywhere you look,” Gnam says, “bear paws have turned over rocks looking for moths.”

Nearby, pioneering scientist Don White Jr. discovered in the 1990s that the bears can eat 40,000 moths daily. He also found that when bears got spooked by humans, their caloric intake of moths could drop significantly. Now Peterson’s research, which has yet to be published, shows that grizzly bears visit about 70 percent of the talus slopes where moths occur in the park. Helicopter surveys have also found moth-eating bears in locations they were not known to frequent.

At the peak’s summit, we look at comments left behind in a log kept there for peak baggers. Quite a few mention the bears, revealing a mix of awe, surprise, and occasionally fear. “Surrounded by bears,” wrote a 12-year-old in 2021. “Beautiful views!” writes another. “Six grizzlies near the top!”

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: An army cutworm moth (Euxoa auxiliaris) scurries past a wavy grizzly hair. Scat and hairs are found all over moth sites. The insects are the base of an enigmatic and little-studied food web, providing nourishment to ravens, bears, and other creatures in the alpine.

This peak is one of the more frequently visited mothing sites, and the bears have become somewhat accustomed to people. But that doesn’t mean they’re unbothered. (Learn more: The odd things grizzly bears eat, from elk to moths.)

“Everybody wants to go up there—we’re sort of at a quandary as to how to deal with that,” says John Waller, a biologist with Glacier National Park. The day is “fast approaching” when limits on visitation may be necessary, he says.

In tribal lands of the Flathead Reservation, land managers have already restricted human access to McDonald Peak between July and mid-October since the 1980s. And “there are no plans to remove the seasonal closure,” says Kari Kingery, a wildlife biologist with the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Grizzly bears’ land, first

To see the bears in another ecosystem, we head to the Absaroka Range, a nine-hour drive from Glacier. One peak, at just over 13,000 feet, attracts a modest amount of climbers. And, of course, bears.

To navigate the gnarly road to the top, you need a four-wheel-drive vehicle with high clearance. At 11,000 feet, there’s a ridgetop plain with a view of the mountain where Gnam and I spent four days camping; one night, 60 miles-per-hour winds lashed our vehicles. There are no marked trails, and the main route along the ridge is littered with bear beds—where the animals have raked out divots for sleeping—and scat full of moth wings. The only mark of humanity is the dirt road and a sign saying “WARNING: HIGH BEAR DENSITIES IN THIS AREA.”

During one hike we climbed a drainage, and, due to the contour of the land, didn’t see a massive male bear until we were 75 yards away. He looked sleepy, half-laying on the ground, but his ears perked up as he sniffed the air.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“He’s showing us he’s not too concerned,” Gnam says. “But we should keep moving.” After a quick climb, we filtered water in a snowfield, finding bear hair and scat all over. I’d never felt more clearly that I was in the realm of another creature.

We began to feel the elevation, a feeling like brain-freeze, progressing to a headache. The view at the peak makes it worth it, with the entirety of the Yellowstone region before us, framed by the distant Tetons. On the west side of the peak, below, we spy two grizzlies. One is napping; the other is digging into the talus for moths.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

During our time there, we saw dozens of bears. Most were far off searching out moths. A handful ran off when we got close enough for them to smell or see us.

I think about the words of Kingery, who explained to me that tribal members traditionally view Earth “as the grizzly bear’s land first.” Being here, the sentiment rings true.

That’s why it’s “important to honor and respect grizzly bears and live peacefully with them,” Kingery says. For their sake, and our own.Europe’s demand for frog legs has long threatened the animals—first at home and now in other regions around the world, according to new research.

Frogs were taken from the wild in Europe in such quantities by the 1980s that they were disappearing locally, leading the European Union to ban most species from trade. Suppliers satisfied Europeans’ continuing taste for frog legs by importing them, legally, from other countries.

Little has been known about the nature of this trade or its impact on global frog populations, but a study published last month in Nature Conservation fills in some of the gaps.

Millions of wild frogs are killed each year for their legs, the authors found. This poses a threat of extinction, locally or globally, for multiple species and the ecosystems where they play important roles, such as eating insects, providing prey for other species, aerating the soil with their burrows, and, as tadpoles, filtering water.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“Amphibians are highly susceptible to pollution, the climate crisis, and deadly chytrid fungus,” says Sandra Altherr, one of the authors and the co-founder of Pro Wildlife, a German conservation organization. “On top of this, the EU’s huge and ongoing hunger for frogs’ legs is decimating wild frog populations in an increasing number of countries.”

The EU, Altherr and her colleagues note, is the world’s largest importer of frog legs but has taken no apparent steps to ensure that the trade is sustainable.

Jorge Rodríguez Romero, head of the Unit for Global Environmental Cooperation and Multilateralism, the branch of the European Commission that deals with wildlife trade issues, did not reply to a request for comment.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Delving into the frog leg trade, the team discovered that “nothing is transparent,” says co-author Mark Auliya, a herpetologist at the Leibniz Institute for the Analysis of Biodiversity Change, in Bonn, Germany. The EU, for example, doesn’t require reporting on the species or quantities of frogs imported by member states—only the weight of generic “frog legs.”

Using this information, the researchers inferred that between 2011 and 2020, the EU imported about 89.7 million pounds of frog legs, equating to an estimated 814 million to two billion frogs. Belgium and France accounted for most.

To learn more, the team tapped disparate sources, including databases kept by various countries and organizations, scientific studies, news stories, and assessments of species on the International Union for Conservation of Nature’s Red List, the world’s most comprehensive inventory of the conservation status of wild animals, plants, and fungi.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: People in downtown Bordeaux, France, know where to go for frog legs and roast beef. ​ Alamy

Globally, at least 190 frog species were traded—almost certainly an underestimate because the animals are easily misidentified. In one 2017 study, for example, scientists bought frog legs from grocery stores in France and, using DNA analysis, showed that 206 out of 209 specimens labeled as Javan giant frogs were other species.

Of the frogs identified in the study, the IUCN lists 58 as threatened with extinction and 10 as critically endangered. But these numbers too are likely underestimates, says co-author Alice Hughes, a conservation biologist at the University of Hong Kong. That’s because the status of some traded frogs hasn’t been assessed, and many existing assessments don’t provide comprehensive information about threats to overall populations of each species.

Everyone who wants to have this little snack should be aware of the extreme cruelty behind it.

The frog leg trade has been harmful. In Indonesia, for example, large-legged species such as Blyth’s giant frog and the Malesian frog have declined so much that the country switched to exporting smaller, more common crab-eating frogs. In Albania, overexploitation is contributing to the disappearance of the Albanian water frog, a threatened species. And exports of Anatolian water frogs to Europe from southern Turkey caused population declines of 20 percent a year, with extinction of the species likely by 2032 if the trade isn’t controlled, according to scientific findings.

People conflate legal trade with sustainable trade, “but in reality, the two are completely divorced,” Hughes says. “Without legislation from buying countries, we’re not going to see sustainability.”

In addition to population declines caused by the trade, the researchers found that frogs captured for their legs typically are dismembered while still alive and left to die. “Everyone who wants to have this little snack should be aware of the extreme cruelty behind it,” Altherr says.

‘Europe should take responsibility’

Only two frogs traded for their legs are listed under CITES, the global treaty to ensure that the wildlife trade doesn’t threaten the survival of species. In 1985, CITES gave trade protections to Euphlyctis hexadactylus and Hoplobatrachus tigerinus in response to population declines in India and Bangladesh driven by exports of their legs to Europe.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“Nothing’s been done since then to regulate trade in the remaining species,” Auliya says.

This absence of protection for frogs “can cause a false sense of security and a lack of adequate conservation attention,” says Jonathan Kolby, a herpetologist who was not involved in the research. “If anything, the trade is even greater than what the authors were able to describe, due to the absence of standardized reporting and data.”

The Nature Conservation study suggests several solutions to the lack of transparency and sustainability for the frog leg trade.

The EU could supervise and centralize the gathering of reliable information about population sizes of species and threats they face, apply science-based decisions to the regulation of trade volumes, and track imports. It could formulate and oversee industry standards for humane treatment of frogs and start testing for pesticide contamination in frog meat to ensure consumer safety. The authors also call for monitoring the number of frogs that die during transport and processing before their legs are exported. None of these measures are now in place, they say.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

It’s also important for the EU to take the lead on initiating CITES listings for all imported species, Hughes says. “We have to start putting responsibility on those driving demand. It must be looked upon as irresponsible to be importing many thousands of animals from the wild with no data to assess the impact of that trade on wild populations.”

Without EU involvement, things aren’t likely to change, says Annemarie Ohler, a frog specialist at the National Museum of Natural History, in Paris, who was not involved in the research. “European countries are transferring the responsibility to the source countries that consider frog trade as a financial resource,” she says. “Clearly, Europe should take responsibility.”This plant could save lives—and everyone wants to cash inNext time you’re irritated that ants have gotten into your kitchen, you might take a moment to consider their extraordinary powers of perception.

These tiny animals can detect markers of illness, such as cancer. In fact, ants are just one of many creatures whose senses can register signs of human disease: dogs, rats, bees, and even tiny worms can as well.

Here’s what we know about these animals and their incredible abilities.

Working ants

The silky ant, Formica fusca, a common species found throughout Europe, can be taught to identify the scent of breast cancer in urine.

Research from the University Sorbonne Paris Nord in France published this year in Proceedings of the Royal Society B shows ants can learn to distinguish between the scent of urine derived from mice carrying human breast cancer tumors from that of healthy mice.

Ants and other animals pick up signs of disease by perceiving various volatile organic compounds, or VOCs. These chemicals are produced in a variety of ways and can be found in exhaled breath, and in sweat, urine, and blood. Diseases can change the VOCs we emit, resulting in giving off a different odor. By placing a sugar reward near the cancer sample the ants learned to seek out that scent, a process called operant conditioning.

“We were surprised by the rapidity of ants. In just ten minutes one ant can be trained,” says lead author Baptiste Piqueret, now a post doctoral researcher at the Max Planck Institute for Chemical Ecology in Germany.

After scientists trained the ants they put the insects in a petri dish with urine samples from the mice with tumors and healthy mice. They spent 20 percent more time with the cancerous samples.

Ants smell the chemicals that make up odors with olfactory receptors on their antennae. Scent is their main form of communication, says study co-author Patrizia d’Ettorre, an ethologist at the Université Sorbonne Paris Nord.

“They recognize group members by detecting their body odor,” and use pheromones—often in tiny concentrations—to communicate as astonish array of complex signals.

These ants also don’t sting and are “inexpensive to get and maintain. Honey and dead insects, and ants are happy,” Piqueret says. This makes them excellent candidates for such work.

What exact chemicals the ants are smelling is unknown, says d’Ettorre, which is often the case with the other cancer-detecting animals.

A human’s best friend

Dogs can be trained to smell several types of cancers, including melanoma, breast and gastrointestinal cancers and some infectious diseases in humans, including malaria and Parkinson’s disease. In the U.S, dogs have worked in the field screening people for COVID-19, including at some schools in California, in several locations in Massachusetts, and at Miami Heat basketball games.

They can also smell infectious disease in other animals, including chronic wasting disease, which affects the brains of deer and can be fatal.

“It’s devastating to the deer and the only way to detect it is by autopsy,” says Cynthia Otto, with the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine.

Dogs, however, can be trained to detect the disease in deer feces, according to a study published in the journal Prion, on which Otto was a co-author. Researchers think the dogs may possibly by smelling the infectious agent itself, Otto says, in this case and others.

“We've done some pilot studies, looking at bacterial infections and if we train the dogs on the bacteria itself, the dogs can respond to samples from infected subjects,” she says. Medical Detection Dogs, a British charity, has trained dogs to detect a record 28 diseases, including specific bacteria.

The difference with detecting cancer could be that what the dogs are detecting is “how the body is responding to the cancer cells,” including odors deriving from immune responses or something else. “Or it could be the cancer itself, we don’t know for sure,” Otto says.

They could also be detecting more than one scent—or different dogs may be picking up on different scents. In an ovarian cancer study in which the odors were broken into different cohorts, “different dogs responded to different fragments,” Otto says.

The rat detectives

Another animal employed to detects explosive is the African giant pouched rat.

In 2004 the Belgian non-profit APOPO deployed trained African giant pouched rats to Mozambique “when the rats first earned external International Mine Action Standards accreditation,” says Cindy Fast, the organization’s head of training and innovation. Since then they’ve helped rid seven countries of more than 150,000 landmines.

Tanzania, where APOPO is headquartered, doesn’t have landmines—but it is one of 30 countries with the highest rates of tuberculosis.

APOPO’s “research suggests they detect a bouquet of odors… which are specific for Mycobacterium tuberculosis,” the bacterium that causes tuberculosis, says Lily Shallom, the organization’s communications manager.

Like the ants, the rats get a food reward when they identify tuberculosis samples in human sputum during training. After training they act as a safety net, a back-up for human technicians.

Each rat screens “upwards of a hundred patient samples in about 20 minutes,” Fast says, something it would take a human researcher four days to accomplish. They are rewarded when they identify a sample already identified as positive. But if the rat alerts to a sample already thought to be negative, it’s sent on to be evaluated using a more expensive test.

According to APOPO, since the program’s inception, the rats have detected more than 23,000 cases missed by local health clinics.

“That they've increased case detection by around 50 percent over partnering health clinics,” says Fast, clearly proud of the furry diagnosticians.

Getting a bee on a COVID test

As if honeybees haven’t done enough for us, Dutch researchers have shown that the bees are good at scenting out SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19.

Like ants, honeybees smell with their antennae and are exquisitely sensitive to scents. Scientists with the Wageningen Bioveterinary Research laboratory in the Netherlands took local bees and put them in special “bee-holders,” plastic boxes with room for wing and body movement, with just their heads sticking out. They were given scents from various samples and awarded with a sugary treat when they rolled out their tongues in response to COVID-positive materials. In time, they would perform this action without being rewarded.

Like the ants, they could be trained in a matter of minutes, and can check a test in just seconds.

What exactly the bees are smelling in SARS-CoV-2 infected samples is as yet unknown. The researchers suggested bees could be helpful in remote communities where traditional testing could be difficult.

An intelligent worm

Smaller still than a honeybee is the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans, a worm-like creature approximately the size of a sand grain that is commonly used in lab research. It has disease genes that are very much like our own, making it a valuable model organism for scientific study. It’s also transparent, so its biological processes are easily visible under a microscope.

The organism has also been shown to have cancer-detecting abilities. One Japanese study showed it can detect pancreatic cancer cells and an Italian study revealed it could recognize breast cancer cells.

In both cases the worms in some circumstances would move towards samples with the cancer cells and avoiding the healthy ones. A Japanese biotech firm is offering an early-detection cancer test, N-Nose, in which members of the public can send in a urine sample and have it tested by the worms.Mountain lions are not commonly thought of as animals that swim well—or are even capable of swimming long distances. But at least for one adventurous cat, that couldn’t be farther from the truth.

A new study recorded a young male cougar paddling two-thirds of a mile from the mainland of Washington State to an uninhabited island in Puget Sound. The GPS-collared feline known as M161, or Nolan, took a winding path through the outskirts of Olympia, and along the coast, before taking to the sea.

That got researchers wondering how many islands might be habitable by mountain lions. If the animals can regularly swim this far, then they can likely inhabit more than half of the area’s 6,513 islands, scientists determined.

They also combed through historical records and found evidence of mountain lions inhabiting an additional four islands outside of the range of this youngster’s swim, all of over a mile from shore or the nearest island. This suggests the animals can swim even farther at times, perhaps close to a mile and a quarter. Young male mountain lions often undertake difficult and long journeys in search of new territory, as was the case for Nolan.

“We are redefining the mountain lion in our minds as an animal that can swim and is willing to swim,” says study co-author Mark Elbroch, who leads the puma program for Panthera, the global wildcat conservation organization. The paper was published in the journal Northwestern Naturalist.

The findings were made as part of the Olympic Cougar Project, a broad coalition of researchers, Native American tribes, land trusts, and others committed to mountain lion conservation and research, as well as identifying and protecting wildlife corridors.

Interstate 5, a busy thoroughfare that runs south from Seattle to Portland, Oregon, is cutting off access for the state’s cougars and many other species to the Olympic Peninsula, a wide expanse of forested habitat that’s surrounded on three sides by water.

“I-5 is killing us,” Elbroch says. “It’s killing the peninsula—we need to address this immediately.” There are two spots where wildlife passages could be built, but time is running out to protect these corridors as development and sprawl continue, he says.

Setting out alone—and a sad end



Nolan, who scientists tagged along with his mother in January 2020, set out on his own in April of that year. He bounced around a bit, finding his way into several towns north of Olympia. Researchers feared he might get himself into trouble, as such young and still-unexperienced cats “are trying to safely navigate a landscape without knowing what’s around the corner,” Elbroch says.

Then, between 2 a.m. and 6 a.m. on July 14, he took a swim to Squaxin Island, an uninhabited parcel of land in Puget Sound owned by the Squaxin Island Tribe. Sadly, Nolan was shot two weeks later during a legal hunt.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

For this reason, islanders in cougar habitat shouldn’t leave livestock unattended, says Rich Beausoleil, a biologist with the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife.

The findings were “not terribly surprising to me, but still very interesting and important… We shouldn’t always see water as a barrier to movement to any large carnivore,” Beausoleil says.

Taking to the water

Mountain lions, which have the biggest range of any wildcat, from Canada to Chile, regularly cross small and moderate-size rivers.

In Brazil’s Pantanal, where they’re called pumas, the cats also regularly swim in the vast wetland during the wet season. In 2010, Elbroch and colleagues documented a tagged puma repeatedly swimming across a large lake in Chilean Patagonia to eat domestic sheep on an island, swimming as far as 0.6 miles at a time.

As for swimming, “they probably don’t mind it as much as we think they do,” says Dave Onorato, a researcher with the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission who wasn’t involved in this study.

Even still, for decades, Florida panthers—federally recognized as a subspecies of mountain lion—were rarely seen north of the Caloosahatchee, a waterway stretching from Lake Okeechobee to the Gulf Coast once considered a potential barrier to dispersal. But in 2016, a female was spotted north of the river from the first time in generations, suggesting she swam across the waterway, in a bit of good news for the panther.

Amazing adaptability

Since mountain lion numbers are much lower than they once were, and the animals avoid people, behaviors such as swimming remain underappreciated and anecdotal, experts say.

National Geographic Explorer Audra Huffmeyer, who studies cougars in the Los Angeles area and beyond, agrees. While she wasn’t surprised that cougars can island-hop in the Salish Sea, “the distances covered are pretty incredible… the capacity of large felids to adapt to extreme habitats is pretty amazing.”

Nolan’s journey and all the data produced by Olympic Cougar Project will help land managers understand where mountain lions travel, and help identify corridors that need to be protected, says Jim Williams, a cougar biologist at the Heart of the Rockies Initiative, a conservation group.

The Olympic Peninsula certainly needs such guidance and protection, as its cougars have the lowest genetic diversity of any in the state, records show. The cats are also an umbrella species, and protecting these animals could help other animals they share the landscape with, Williams adds.

To Elbroch, Nolan’s journey represents “the ingenuity of nature—finding a way around an insurmountable obstacle.”Some international travel companies promote activities that exploit animals, according to a new report by World Animal Protection (WAP), a U.S.-based animal welfare nonprofit.

The report assesses companies’ public animal welfare policies, their efforts to include wildlife-friendly options, and whether they feature interactive animal attractions that cause “irreparable and lifelong harm,” such as elephant rides, dolphin shows, and cub petting. The University of Surrey, in the U.K., carried out the independent analysis.

The report examined 10 companies that offer activities or experiences with wildlife: Airbnb, Booking.com, Expedia, GetYourGuide, Groupon, Klook, The Travel Corporation, Trip.com, TripAdvisor’s Viator, and TUI Musement.

“These companies would likely agree that they are a trusted resource for their customers,” says Cameron Harsh, programs director at World Animal Protection. “Whatever they put out—in terms of an option for people to book or information about a venue—is going to be perceived a certain way by their customers as ‘this is acceptable to do.’”

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Up to 6 million people visit wildlife tourist attractions every year, according to a 2015 study, and a 2019 survey by World Animal Protection of 12,000 people in 12 countries showed that nearly 80 percent of travelers said they’d pay more for activities that assured animals didn’t suffer. The organization’s new report gives guidance on “what companies are protecting wild animals and which are failing them, with the hopes of putting that pressure point on them,” says wildlife campaign manager Nicole Barrantes. (Learn more about how to engage in ethical wildlife tourism.)

Top scorers for their animal welfare policies were the California-based Travel Corporation, with 75 percent, and Airbnb, with 67 percent. Neither Hong-Kong based Klook, which connects travelers and local tour operators, nor U.S.-based Groupon has animal welfare policies. Both received the lowest rating of 4 percent.

The Travel Corporation’s policy references the five domains of animal welfare, which include rights to good nutrition and mental stimulation. Airbnb worked with WAP in 2019 to draft a company policy that prohibits exploitative wildlife experiences such as elephant rides; interactions including feeding or petting; selfies with wild animal selfies; and the use of captive marine mammals in entertainment.

The WAP report focuses on four “flagship” species—dolphins, elephants, primates, and big cats—because of their complicated needs, their ability to experience emotion, and their prevalence in tourism attractions. (Read more about what happens when elephants live alone.)

Half the companies list experiences with flagship animals. Klook and Trip.com (rated at 6 percent) offer elephant rides and selfies with tiger cubs. GetYourGuide (7 percent) offers primate interactions and elephant bathing, and travelers can book elephant interactions on TUI Musement (51 percent).

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

These animals “may have very complex social behaviors, foraging needs—things that cannot be adequately met at these facilities where their lives revolve around being used for human interaction,” says Kate Dylewsky, senior policy advisor at the Animal Welfare Institute.

TUI Musement hasn’t offered interactions with wild cats or added any "unacceptable" new activities with wild animals “for several years now,” Stephen Denton, head of external communications, says, adding that the World Animal Protection report “does not truly reflect” the action TUI has taken “in support of animal welfare.” If vendors don’t pass the company’s animal welfare audits, “we drop the activity,” he says.

Meanwhile, in a report last year, WAP called out Groupon for routinely partnering “with some of the cruelest captive wildlife venues in the U.S.,” including roadside zoos and animal sanctuaries with recent welfare violations. For example, it lists discounted tickets for Suncoast Primate Sanctuary, which has violated the Animal Welfare Act several times, most recently in December, and it offers discounts to visit SeaQuest, which offers interactions with stingrays and sloths. Zoos, aquariums, and animal attractions “are among the most popular on our marketplace,” says Groupon spokesperson Nicholas Halliwell. But if those merchants are “not in good standing” with the proper oversight bodies, “we take action—including removing them from our platform.”

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

The new WAP report notes that in November 2021, Expedia, which scored 64 percent, banned sales of tickets to dolphin and whale performances and interactions—but it still offers sea lion interactions. Expedia is “committed” to “educating travelers about wildlife tourism, so they’re able to make better decisions on how they travel and interact with animals,” a spokesperson says, adding that the company works with animal nonprofits and routinely examines its product catalog to make sure prohibited experiences aren’t offered, according to its wildlife guidelines.

Brian Hoyt, TripAdvisor’s head of global communications and industry affairs, says his company “has one of the tourism industry’s first and most comprehensive animal welfare policies, and we continue to be proud of efforts we make.” TripAdvisor’s policy prohibits selling tickets to physical interactions with captive animals, non-sanctuary captive cetacean facilities, and wild animal performances.

Klook, Booking.com, the Travel Corporation, and Trip.com didn’t respond to requests for comment. Airbnb responded with their animal welfare guidelines. GetYourGuide didn’t respond, but a spokesperson has been quoted as saying that the company would “sharpen its guidelines and offerings” in response to its rating.

‘Mistreatment behind the scenes’

Interactive tourist experiences often involve unseen animal suffering. For example, lion and tiger cub petting promotes speed breeding, in which young cubs are prematurely removed from their mothers’ care to allow for faster reproduction. As cubs grow too big for petting, they’re often killed or kept in cramped, barren enclosures, Cameron Harsh says. Dolphins that swim with humans often are confined in small tanks, where they’re seen chewing at the walls and bars from stress and boredom. At roadside zoos that sell elephant rides, the animals likely were “broken” as babies through such training methods as painful goading with bullhooks to make them docile around humans. As adults in captivity, they spend hours standing on hard, concrete surfaces, causing foot injuries, and when not giving rides, they’re usually kept in chains. (Learn more about the unseen suffering behind wildlife tourism.)

“No matter what a facility may claim about how they treat the animals, if there is direct contact between people and animals, then there is always going to be mistreatment behind the scenes,” Dylewsky says. Interacting with wildlife is risky for humans too, she adds. “Most people would not walk up to an elephant in the wild and think that they could pet it or seek out a wild tiger and think that they could do a photo op.”

Any time travelers engage in wildlife tourism, they should approach it “with a healthy dose of skepticism,” Dylewsky says. She advises people to seek out places to view animals from a distance in a natural setting and to look for genuine wildlife sanctuaries, particularly ones accredited by institutions like the Global Federation of Animal Sanctuaries.

Consumers share responsibility to make sure their travel is wildlife-friendly, but ultimately, “travel companies are the middlemen between the traveler and the venue,” says World Animal Protection’s Nicole Barrantes. It’s “their responsibility to make sure that where they're sending tourists is not causing harm or suffering.”This plant could save lives—and everyone wants to cash inIt was 8:30 on a Thursday evening when Central Park Zoo staff noticed that Flaco, a majestic Eurasian eagle owl with tufted black ears and striking orange eyes, had gone missing. The steel mesh on his enclosure had been cut and his exhibit vandalized. He was gone.

The crime earlier this month marked the fourth zoo break-in of 2023, with incidents also under investigation at the Dallas Zoo, Houston Zoo, and Zoosiana in Broussard, Louisiana—all involving cuts to the animals’ enclosures. But Flaco’s escape on February 2 and subsequent monitoring of his successes in the wild has led to a surprising decision by the Central Park Zoo: Flaco will continue to take wing beyond the zoo’s walls, at least for now.

Leaving an escaped animal purposefully in the wild is “unprecedented in my experience,” says Dan Ashe, president and CEO of the Association of Zoos and Aquariums.

With any capture, he says, “there’s always a risk that the bird could be harmed—they’d have to bait it and net it.” And “the Central Park Zoo is weighing the dangers of capturing him—and hats off to them—they’re clearly interested in his well-being and taking a very measured response,” he says.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: Central Park Zoo employees carefully monitor Flaco’s life in Central Park on February 9, 2023, a week after he escaped his enclosure. Photograph by Jeenah Moon, The New York Times/Redux

Flaco hasn’t ventured very far from the zoo, which makes tracking him easier. He was initially spotted by members of the public and New York Police Department on the sidewalk and in trees by the zoo, but in the days that followed his escape the large owl settled in Central Park, a 840-acre green expanse in New York City. Zoo staff tried to capture him with food lures and recordings of eagle owl calls, but Flaco eschewed the bait, instead adeptly navigating the park and supping on the park’s many rats.

Displaying those skills allowed officials to feel comfortable leaving the animal in the park, much to the delight of local birdwatchers who have documented the animal’s movements.

“We are going to continue monitoring Flaco and his activities and to be prepared to resume recovery efforts if he shows any sign of difficulty or distress,” the zoo said in a statement on February 17. The animal had previously only lived in captivity.

Though the decision to leave Flaco in the wild is unique, other zoo animals have escaped and remained at-large in the past. At the Dallas Zoo in 2021, a pied crow named Onyx flew off campus during training for a show. The zoo followed up on tips and possible sightings for months, but the crow was never recovered, according to a zoo spokesperson.

And at the Virginia Zoo in 2017, a 19-month-old red panda—an endangered species— escaped and was never found. Famously, Smithsonian’s National Zoo’s red panda, Rusty, also escaped from his enclosure in 2013, but after a brief stint wandering a nearby neighborhood in Washington, D.C. he was caught and returned.

Dangers in the park

Zoos routinely release animals that they’ve rehabilitated into the wild, including manatees and sea turtles, and they breed animals for release, as they’ve done with black-footed ferrets and Mexican wolves.

But Flaco, unlike some zoo animals, is a rare candidate for remaining outside the zoo: He doesn’t pose a risk to public safety, he’s shown he can hunt on his own, and he’s not an endangered species.

Yet there’s more to surviving in Central Park than finding food, Ashe cautions. The Eurasian eagle owl isn’t native to United States—and he may need to defend himself from other animals, such as owls, raptors, or crows, he notes.

“Owls are subject to frequent harassment from other animals—ones which might be especially territorial as the nesting season comes up,” Ashe says.

Other risks to the animal may include car strikes, accidental poisonings, or electrocution from overhead wires, which are also some of the owl’s top threats in its natural range in Europe, Asia, and northern Africa.

Neither the AZA nor its European equivalent, the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria, keep statistics on zoo escapes or animal thefts. But both groups require that zoos run security drills to prepare for such incidents as part of their accreditation requirements.

Concern over recent crimes

Though Flaco wasn’t hurt during the break-in, the crime remains deeply concerning, Ashe says. It’s a “deliberate criminal act, which jeopardizes the safety of the bird and is still under investigation by the NYPD,” according to a statement from the Central Park Zoo, which declined interview requests for this story.

The motivations for both this event and the spate of recent zoo crimes remains unknown. Though there’s no evidence they’re all connected, Broussard Police Department Chief Vance Olivier, whose team is investigating the Zoosiana incident, told National Geographic that police “haven’t ruled it out altogether." His department has arrested one suspect for the January theft of 12 squirrel monkeys, though the animals haven’t been recovered.

Animals taken from zoos are sometimes trafficked into the exotic pet trade or kept as pets. Many also cannot survive without the care, food, and shelter they’re accustomed to at zoos.

Zoos will learn from these recent crimes, Ashe says, but there are only so many steps facilities can take to protect against targeted attacks.

“There’s always going to be a balance,” he says, “between providing an accessible, open, enjoyable environment both for the animals and the guests and to maintain a facility that’s secure.”



Most mammals, including humans, have a constantly dwindling supply of eggs, becoming less fertile with age. But naked mole rats can reproduce for their entire lives—and researchers may have uncovered the fascinating reason how.

Along with having an exceptionally large reserve of healthy egg cells in their ovaries, naked mole rats create new eggs after being born, according to a new study published in the journal Nature Communications. Humans, on the other hand, are likely born with all the eggs we will ever have.

Native to East Africa, naked mole rats have baffled scientists for decades. These wrinkly, communal-living rodents can live up to 37 years, handle extremely low-oxygen conditions, and do not get cancer, traits that are all being studied to develop new medicines and therapies.

Now, the secrets behind naked mole rats’ lifelong breeding abilities could offer clues to helping prolong human fertility, says study leader Miguel Brieño-Enríquez, a reproductive researcher at the University of Pittsburgh.

“Female reproduction and female aging are way understudied,” he says. “In our case, we want to [investigate] how the ovary is the key for aging, and protecting that is the main goal.”

An astonishing number of eggs

The exact age in which women experience a dip in fertility is hotly debated. However, most research shows that women's egg cells start to deteriorate around 40, and having a baby at this age can increase the risk of chromosomal abnormalities and other disorders. Around age 50, during menopause, a woman’s ovaries stop releasing eggs altogether. (Learn why many women are opting to freeze their eggs.)

But female naked mole rats can breed for their entire lives with no notable decline in the quality of their eggs. To test how this is possible, Brieño-Enríquez and colleagues removed the ovaries from six naked mole rats from their research colony at the University of Pittsburgh. Then, under a microscope, they analyzed these ovaries at different periods of development—from one to 90 days—and compared them with the ovaries of lab mice, an animal commonly used as a model for human reproduction.

The team used a variety of staining techniques and immunofluorescence—glowing markers that can track cells as they divide—to count the number of germ cells in each animal that will eventually divide into mature egg cells known as oocytes. On day five, they discovered an astonishing number of germ cells in the naked mole rats, vastly outnumbering those contained in the mice.

3:32

“To me, it was really exciting, but part of it was also intimidating,” says Ned Place, study senior author and reproductive biologist at the Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine. “I was like, ‘Oh my gosh, somebody—that means me and my lab—is going to have to count all these cells.’”

Then, things got even weirder: When the scientists looked again three days later, they discovered that the naked mole rats’ ovaries had even more germ cells than when they last checked, meaning the rodents were creating new cells to add to their ovarian reserve. At eight days old, the naked mole rat females had on average 1.5 million eggs, roughly 95 times more than mice of the same age.

The researchers also found precursor egg cells in 10-year-old naked mole rats, suggesting that the creation of new eggs could continue well into their 20s and 30s. (Read how naked mole rats are immune to burning pain.)

Learning from royalty

Similar to bees, naked mole rats live in colonies, sometimes made up of hundreds of individuals, with just one breeding queen.

This dominant female suppresses the ability of other females to reproduce until her reign comes to an end. If a queen dies or is killed, the other females will fight for the throne, and the winner will become the new breeding female of the colony.

To test how this process affects fertility, the researchers created their own queens by removing several three-year-old, non-breeding females from their colony into a new area to activate their reproductive systems.

They found that these females already had primordial germ cells in their ovaries, but the cells only started dividing into eggs when they transitioned to a queen.

That means that this previously untapped reserve of cells could become viable eggs even after years of dormancy—a discovery that may offer clues to prevent declining fertility in women.

Helping women boost their fertility

“What they have shown in this paper really, really beautifully is that [naked mole rats] are perfect models for humans," says Gisela Helfer, a neuroendocrinology researcher who was not involved in the study.

For instance, scientists can study puberty in naked mole rats without having to perform surgery on their reproductive organs, as is required with mice.

“What we want to know is how the naked mole rats can keep their oocytes healthy and happy for that long,” adds Brieño-Enríquez. From there, researchers could eventually develop new drug targets or supplements to protect a woman’s existing egg cells. Even so, Brieño-Enríquez stresses this likely won’t result in some “magic pill" for infertility.

But he still believes we have a lot to learn from naked mole rats.

“I like weird things in general, and when it comes to an organism that is giving you so much room to play, work feels like a playground,” he says. “It is also a pain because whatever you expect to see, it's exactly backwards.”If you’ve lost a pet, you have likely encountered “Rainbow Bridge”—a simple but poignant poem about animal heaven and the promise of reunion with furry loved ones. Copies of the poem are regularly given to bereft clients by veterinary hospitals; references commonly appear in condolence cards and social media messages to grieving pet parents.

For all the millions of lives “Rainbow Bridge” has touched, though, the author of the poem has remained unknown—until now. She is Edna Clyne-Rekhy, an 82-year-old Scottish artist and animal lover. Until recently, she had no idea that the poem she wrote over 60 years ago—to honor her dog, Major—had brought comfort to so many others.

“I’m absolutely stunned,” she says. “I’m still in a state of shock.”

Clyne-Rekhy’s authorship likely would have been lost to history were it not for the tenacious sleuthing of Paul Koudounaris, an art historian, author, and cat owner in Tucson, Arizona. Koudounaris has spent the past decade working on a book about pet cemeteries and frequently encountered references to the “Rainbow Bridge” in his research.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“Early on I started to wonder, who wrote this?” he says. It bothered him that “a text with monumental importance to the world of animal mourning” remained uncredited.

The poem’s popularity, he discovered, was launched in February 1994, when a reader from Grand Rapids, Michigan, sent a copy of “Rainbow Bridge” that they had received from their local humane society to the advice column Dear Abby. “If you print this, you had better warn your readers to get out their hankies,” they wrote.

Abby did print the poem—and confessed to shedding “a tear or two”—but she also pointed out to her 100 million readers that the author’s name was regrettably missing. “If anyone in my reading audience can verify authorship, please let me know.”

No one came forward, but after that, “Rainbow Bridge” seemed to be everywhere. Starting in 1995, Koudounaris found records of 15 separate claims filed under the title “Rainbow Bridge” with the United States Copyright Office. He compiled a list of around 25 names he found with any connection to the poem and, one by one, looked into each and crossed them off as possible authors until he was left with just one: Edna Clyne-Rekhy.

He had found Clyne-Rekhy’s name after seeing reference in an online chat group to an Edna “Clyde” from Scotland who allegedly wrote the poem when her son’s dog died. Some Googling led him to Clyne-Rekhy, whose authorship of a book about her late husband and their dog made him jot her name onto the list—the only woman and the only non-American.

“What initially would have seemed like the most unlikely candidate in the end turned out to be the most intriguing candidate and, of course, the actual author,” Koudounaris says.

When Koudounaris finally reached Clyne-Rekhy in January and asked if she was the author of “Rainbow Bridge,” her first response, she says, was “How on Earth did you find me!?’”

Clyne-Rekhy’s story, which Koudounaris detailed earlier this month, began in 1959. She was 19 years old and grieving the loss of her Labrador Retriever, Major. “He died in my arms, actually,” she recalled in a call with National Geographic. “I dearly loved him.”

The day after Major died, Clyne-Rekhy was still “just crying and crying,” she says, when her mother asked her what was wrong.

“It’s Major,” Clyne-Rekhy replied. “I can’t put away this soreness.”

“Maybe write down how you’re feeling,” her mother suggested.

Clyne-Rekhy followed her mother’s advice. Sitting in the family’s lounge at their home near Inverness, she wrote a first line on a white sheet of paper: “Just this side of heaven is a place called Rainbow Bridge.” From there, she says, the words poured out of her, filling the front and back.

The text went like this:

Just this side of heaven is a place called Rainbow Bridge. When an animal dies that has been especially close to someone here, your pet goes to Rainbow Bridge. There are meadows and hills for all of our special friends so they can run and play together. There is plenty of food, water, and sunshine, and friends are warm and comfortable. All the animals who have been ill and old are restored to health and strength, those who were hurt are made better and strong again, like we remember them before they go to heaven. They are happy and content except for one small thing—they each miss someone very special to them who had to be left behind. They all run and play together, but the day comes when one suddenly stops and looks into the distance. His bright eyes are shining, his body shakes. Suddenly he begins to run from the herd, rushing over the grass, his legs carrying him faster and faster, and when you and your special friend finally meet, you cuddle in a happy hug never to be apart again. You and your pet are in tears. Your hands again cuddle his head and you look again into his trusting eyes, so long gone from life, but never absent from your heart, and then you cross the Rainbow Bridge together.

“It just came through my head, it was like I was talking to my dog—I was talking to Major,” she says. “I just felt all of this and I had to write it.”

Clyne-Rekhy still has the original hand-written draft of the poem. When she showed it to Koudounaris, he says he immediately knew it was real. “The rest of her story confirmed it for me later, but I can’t fully explain the power of those sheets.”

Though she never published the poem herself, Clyne-Rekhy eventually did show it to a handful of friends. “They were all crying,” she says. They asked her if they could take copies home, so she hand-typed duplicates for them—but did not include her name.

Koudounaris suspects that it must have been passed person to person until it lost its connection to its original author—and eventually took on a life of its own. He also noticed discrepancies in the poem’s language that made him suspect it was much older than people assumed.

Some versions he read, for example, talked about animals “who are maimed and made whole again,” while others referenced animals being “returned to vigor.” These slight differences “let me know something important: That this has been traveling around for a while,” Koudounaris says.

Clyne-Rekhy spent years in India and later moved to an olive farm in Spain—a path that may help to explain why she was not aware of the poem’s growing popularity in the U.S., Britain, and beyond, Koudounaris says.

“Can you imagine?” she says. “Every vet in Britain has it!”

Koudounaris credits the enduring popularity and potency of “Rainbow Bridge” for many Western readers to the theological need it fills. Those who were raised Christian, he points out, were often told by parents or priests that animals lack souls and therefore will not join them in Heaven.

“‘Rainbow Bridge’ provides the missing piece for people who have had to live with this anxiety that their animal is not good enough to deserve an afterlife,” Koudounaris says. “It gives us a reason to hope.”

Kitty Block, CEO and president of the Humane Society, agrees that “Rainbow Bridge” has bestowed the world with “a vision that has brought comfort to millions grieving the loss of a pet.”

“Its enduring popularity shows how relationships to pets matter to so many people across all walks of life,” she says. “The intimacy of those connections can help us recognize our fundamental duty to care for animals, those who are part of our families and those in the wider world.”

As for Clyne-Rekhy, she says she already has concrete plans to be reunited with Major and her subsequent pets, whose ashes she has kept.

“We’re going to be scattered in the North Sea,” she says. “We’ll be food for the seals.Fin whales as far as the eye could see, hundreds upon hundreds of them, shrouding the horizon in clouds of their breath. Near Antarctica in January 2022, passengers and crew aboard the National Geographic Endurance stumbled upon this magical sight, unobserved since industrial whaling drove the species to near extinction.

“What greeted us as we sailed north of Coronation Island last year was beyond belief: a horizon filled with whale spouts,” says Conor Ryan, a zoologist and resident naturalist aboard the cruise ship, which is operated by Lindblad Expeditions.

“Once we got closer, the sound of blowing from the whales was continuous and all around us, as was condensing whale breath in the air, which required regular cleaning of our camera lenses and sunglasses,” Ryan said by email.

(Watch the massive pod of whales on YouTube.)

Somewhere between 830 and 1,153 fin whales, along with a handful of humpback and blue whales, had gathered to gorge themselves on a dense patch of krill off Coronation Island, which lies north of the Antarctic Peninsula. (Get a rare underwater look at Antarctica’s whales.)

Scientists at Stanford University who analyzed photos and videos of this event say this massive gathering of baleen whales may be the largest seen since industrial whaling ended in the late 20th century. Previously, the largest recorded gathering of fin whales was a mere 300 animals.

“A little more than a hundred years ago, seeing something like this probably wouldn't have been that uncommon, says Matthew Savoca, a marine ecologist at Stanford and co-author of a new study on the event, published today in the journal Ecology.

Weighing in at 80 tons, fin whales are second in size only to blue whales. Around one million of these colossal cetaceans once plied the world’s oceans, but a century of whaling reduced their numbers by roughly 98 percent. The International Union for Conservation of Nature lists the species as vulnerable to extinction, though increasing in number.

The incredible sighting makes Savoca, a National Geographic Explorer, optimistic about the recovery of fin whales in the Southern Ocean, he says. At the same time, he’s also concerned: One of the threats to fin whales is ship strikes and entanglement in fishing gear, and the whales were spotted amid several industrial krill fishing vessels.

Krill fishing concerns

“It's great that the fin whales are back, and that more and more people get to witness that,” says Helena Herr, marine mammal ecologist at the Center of Natural History of the University of Hamburg in Germany.

Herr, who has conducted extensive research on whales in the Southern Ocean, says whales often congregate off Coronation Island because its surrounding waters are rich in Antarctic krill.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

These tiny crustaceans form the base of the food web in the Southern Ocean as favorite prey for penguins, whales, and squid. People also have an appetite for krill and remove hundreds of thousands of tons of them from the Southern Ocean each year for use in dietary supplements and food for farmed fish. (Read how life in Antarctica relies on a shrinking supply of krill.)

The elation Ryan and the cruise ship tourists felt at seeing so many fin whales was “somewhat tarnished when we realized that the fishing vessels were actually trawling through the whale aggregation,” he says. “This was quite shocking to witness.”

Ryan, who is also a co-author on the new paper, and others warn in the study that as whale numbers rise, so will harmful run-ins with the krill fishing industry—unless more actions are taken.

For instance, the Commission for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources (CCAMLR), which regulates krill fishing in the Southern Ocean, should take the safety and nutritional requirements of whales into account, Savoca says.

Additionally, the commission needs to enforce existing rules, says Herr. “There are rules that krill fishing should not be carried out in close proximity to whales or any other feeding animals. This study showed us that at least these four vessels do not adhere to this rule,” she says.

According to Savoca, how we manage Antarctic krill fisheries over the next decade will determine if gatherings like the one seen in January 2022 become common—or simply a fluke.Around this time four years ago, the mood among wildlife officials in Thailand was somber. The case against Bach “Boonchai” Mai, the alleged leader of a major international wildlife trafficking ring, on trial for his suspected role in smuggling 14 rhino horns, had fallen apart after a key witness recanted his testimony in court. Conservationists bemoaned the judge’s decision to dismiss Bach’s case as emblematic of an overall lack of justice for high-level wildlife criminals.

But prosecutors in Thailand’s Attorney General’s office continued to appeal the decision. In September 2022, their efforts finally paid off when the Thai Supreme Court sentenced Bach to five years in prison. “There was always this tinge of embarrassment that he went free,” says Steven Galster, the founder of Freeland, a Bangkok-based anti-trafficking group that launched the investigation into Bach. “This was a hit-back from the Supreme Court saying, ‘No more.’”

“The court sent a strong message to wildlife traffickers with this decision,” adds Sylvia Shweder, the Southeast Asia legal advisor for Counter Wildlife Trafficking at the U.S. Department of Justice, based in Vientiane, Laos.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Bach didn’t show up for his sentencing and is now considered to be a fugitive, with a warrant out for his arrest. Several Thai agencies are investigating his whereabouts, but if Bach has left the country, their ability to pursue him is limited, says Jeremy Douglas, the Southeast Asia regional representative for the UN Office on Drugs and Crime. "He remains well connected and networked, including with other targets in the Mekong region and Laos," Douglas says. "We are hopeful pressure will build to go after Boonchai and act on the warrant."

Thailand’s Court of Justice and Office of the Attorney General did not respond to requests for interviews.

Although Bach was convicted on the original charges of trying to smuggle 14 rhino horns into Thailand, according to Galster, the network he runs (named Hydra by Freeland and other conservationists) has played a major role for years in trafficking ivory, rhino horns, pangolin scales, tiger and lion parts, rosewood, and more in at least seven African countries and throughout Southeast Asia. On some weeks, Hydra moved products estimated to be worth $2 million, Galster says.

Galster and his colleagues became aware of Bach while looking into another alleged major wildlife trafficker, Vixay Keosavang, a Lao national. Keosavang made headlines in 2014 when the U.S. State Department issued a $1 million reward for information leading to the dismantling of his syndicate, the Xaysavang Network.

Keosavang has never been arrested, but after the State Department announcement, other members of his gang took over leadership, according to Galster. In 2014, Galster’s team came across five people who seemed to be trafficking wildlife contraband across the border from northeastern Thailand into Laos. Soon, Galster says, they realized that the names of the five were aliases for one individual: Bach.

In 2016, Thai authorities came close to arresting Bach, but at the last minute, he and other key members of Hydra disappeared, according to Galster. “There was a leak.” The next big break didn’t come until December 2017, when customs agents and police at Bangkok’s Suvarnabhumi Airport found 14 rhino horns in a Chinese citizen’s luggage, and Freeland helped them link the horns to Bach by extracting data from the suspect’s phone. Police and customs then used a method called “controlled delivery,” in which they allowed the suspect to continue on his way with the contraband and followed him, leading them to Bach.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

After the rhino horn case was dismissed in early 2019, the public prosecutors appealed the decision, to no avail. So they brought the case to the Thai Supreme Court, whose judges saw it differently: The behavior of the key witness who recanted his testimony, they said, made it clear that he “knows the defendant well.” Moreover, the witness’s decision to recant testimony indicated that he “clearly intended to help exculpate the defendant, thus making it unreliable.”

‘There is a god’

When the Supreme Court handed down its verdict, on September 22, Thailand was ending its fiscal year, and the news of Bach’s sentencing somehow escaped notice of both the media and of Freeland. Galster didn’t learn about it until more than four months later, on January 30. He says he could hardly believe it. “My first thought was, ‘There is a god!’”

Prosecutors in the Office of the Attorney General are now litigating an additional civil case against Bach, for money laundering. Working with Freeland, authorities in the Thai Anti-Money Laundering Office have seized Bach’s vehicles and some $11 million in assets and have frozen his bank account.

“It’s important that high-level wildlife traffickers are punished and their assets seized, so they are prevented from committing further crimes,” Sylvia Shweder says. “This is how we can dismantle wildlife trafficking criminal organizations.”

There are signs that Bach’s case isn’t a one-off, Galster says. In June, U.S. and Thai authorities in Bangkok arrested Teo Boon Ching, a Malaysian who allegedly was one of Hydra’s major suppliers, in connection to a seizure of nearly 300 pounds of ivory. Moazu Kromah, a Liberian national and alleged Hydra supplier, was extradited to the U.S. from Uganda in 2019 on charges of conspiracy to sell rhino horn and ivory and of money laundering. In August, a federal court in Manhattan sentenced Kromah to five years in prison.

More Hydra arrests may follow. In August, Freeland, with the support of the Department of Justice, organized a meeting with police, prosecutors, and government financial crime analysts from Thailand, Vietnam and Malaysia to examine data from Bach’s seized assets and assess whether a larger, multicountry case can be made.

In the meantime, if Bach remains a fugitive, Galster says Thai authorities will alert Vietnamese, Lao, and Malaysian officials to be on the lookout for him, and a multicountry manhunt will begin. There’s also a small chance that Bach will turn himself in. Bach answers to bosses who “might throw him to the wolves and say, ‘Do your time so we don’t have to lose our assets like you did yours,’” Galster says. “He might just show up.”This plant could save lives—and everyone wants to cash in“Feral” is a cloudy term, one most of us have heard in connection with animals that aren’t domestic but aren’t wild either. So what exactly is a feral animal?

It's one that lives in the wild “but was descended from domesticated stock,” says Kayce Bell, assistant curator of mammalogy at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles. Their time being domesticated, which can entail generations of being selectively bred and cared for by humans, usually as pets or livestock, is “the only thing that distinguishes them from wild creatures, she says.

The expression “feral” is sometimes seen as pejorative, as if an animal has failed at or rejected domesticity. Feral animals are also sometimes called wild, “because they are they are technically wild, free-living animals,” Bell says, and there is debate about what definitions apply to what animals.

Domestic cats are a good example. A feral cat is a domestic cat not born in human custody and adept at living outdoors, while stray cats once had human care and aren’t used to living in the wild. Community cats are stray or feral, and may have a person who feeds them, but not an owner. Domestic cats have a human home but may spend time outdoors.

Whatever you call them, cats that go outdoors kill an estimated one to four billion birds a year in the U.S. That’s why the American Society for the Protection of Animals advocates trapping, neutering, and releasing free-roaming cats as a way of controlling their populations. (Read more about the challenges of managing outdoor cats.)

Pigeons and parrots

The numerous pigeons that flock cities worldwide are feral, descended from rock doves that have been kept by humans for 10,000 years. People historically used the birds as food, racing animals, and messengers; 32 even received medals for their military service in World War II.

The domesticated rock doves that escaped or were released found cities very comfortable, especially because buildings, with all their ledges and nooks, are similar to the cliff faces their wild ancestors lived in, Bell says.

Pigeons are considered a nuisance species because they deface property with their copious droppings and can spread parasites and disease to other birds, though such transmission is considered low risk. They can also be beneficial to the ecosystem, particularly as prey for the once-endangered peregrine falcon.

Various species of feral parrots and parakeets have also taken up residence across the U.S., particularly in California.

What does domesticated mean?

To further the confusion, we go to Florida.

The Sunshine State is home to loads of invasive species, including a ballooning population of Burmese pythons in the Everglades, most of which are descendants of pet reptiles that escaped or were released into the wild as long ago as the 1900s, says Jacquelyn Guzy, an ecologist with the U.S. Geological Survey and lead author of a new report from the USGS about Florida’s serpentine transplants.

Despite their pet ancestors, though, Guzy says Burmese pythons in Florida are not considered feral.

“A species can be both feral and invasive, such as feral pigs,” Guzy says via email. Beginning in the 1500s, European explorers and settlers brought wild boar, Sus scrofa, to the New World many different times, either as livestock or as animals to be hunted for food or sport. The U.S. government now refers to them as feral swine. (Read how feral hogs are running wild in the U.S., and spreading disease.)

Invasive species are non-native animals or plants, sometimes introduced by people, that cause environmental, economic, or property damage. Though Burmese pythons have wreaked ecological havoc, Guzy “would not consider Burmese pythons feral,” because they weren’t ever really domesticated.

Domestication is a “process of years and years of artificial selection by humans,” instead of natural selection that occurs in the wild, says Kate Schoenecker, a wildlife biologist for the USGS. As with dogs, chickens, or cows, people breed animals to influence the way they look and behave.

Domesticated animals and people often share a mutual relationship, Guzy adds. If you provide backyard chickens food and shelter, for example, you get free eggs in return.

“Snakes in general neither need nor seek that relationship from humans,” she says.

'Born wild is wild'

Horses and burros on U.S. federal lands are protected under the Wild Free-Roaming Horses and Burros Act of 1971. They’re called wild because that phrasing is used in the legislative text, not because they are, says Schoenecker, a horse lover herself.

As descendants of domestic animals brought here by European explorers hundreds of years ago, the term feral applies, she says. (Read more about the controversies surrounding wild horses.)

Not everyone agrees.

“Born wild is wild,” says Suzanne Roy, executive director of the American Wild Horse Campaign, a nonprofit that works to change some current horse-management practices, including aerial roundups on public lands. “They go back generations.”

Complicating matters, equids did evolve in North America, about 59 to 34 million years ago, before moving across the Bering Land Bridge into Asia. North American equids went extinct in North America in the Paleolithic era, along with saber-toothed cats and mammoths.

In 2021, a fossil study showed evidence of genetic flow between extinct North American and Eursian horses, meaning the animals moved back and forth over the land bridge and interbred for hundreds of thousands of years. In the 15th century, European settlers began to bring domesticated horses back to North America.

For that reason, some scientists use the term “reintroduced” when referring to U.S. free-roaming horses.

Now that is wild.At a feedlot in Alberta, Canada, up to 10,000 horses await their death. In the winter, when temperatures can drop to -30 degrees Fahrenheit, the snow-covered equines huddle together for warmth. On multiple occasions, only a handful of employees were around to check on the animals, and scavengers have picked over neglected carcasses. In 2019, a dead newborn foal was found frozen to the ground.

“Pure agony” is how Sonja Meadows, president of the nonprofit Animals’ Angels, describes these animals’ situation. She’s visited the Prime Feedlot, owned by meat exporter Bouvry Exports—and others—many times, but this, “I can never forget,” she says. (Bouvry Exports did not respond to a request for comment.)

About 20,000 U.S. horses—including former racehorses, work horses, show animals, discarded pets, and even wild horses—are sold to slaughterhouses in Canada and Mexico every year, according to a recent report by U.S. nonprofits Animal Wellness Action, Center for a Humane Economy, and Animals’ Angels.

While there’s no explicit ban on killing horses for meat in the U.S., Congress has blocked funding of USDA inspections of horse slaughterhouses since 2007. Without these inspections, it’s illegal to sell horse meat across state lines.

No such bans exist in neighboring countries, however, which is why Canada and Mexico have become a “dumping ground” for unwanted horses, says Camille Labchuk, executive director of the Canadian nonprofit Animal Justice. In 2022, more than 16,300 U.S. horses were shipped to Mexico and more than 5,100 to Canada, according to USDA export data.

The supply of U.S. horses to the foreign meat industry has sharply declined from more than 300,000 in the 1990s. But the auction-to-slaughter pipeline remains notorious for its suffering. Investigations of auctions, holding pens, transport, and slaughterhouses have found animals injured, diseased, and starving, according to the report, compiled by the three animal-welfare nonprofits. Witnesses saw downed animals dragged from trailers, beaten by their handlers, and trampled by other horses.

There’s no official system for tracking the origin of these animals, but more than half of those going to slaughter originate from horse racing or show industries, estimates Marty Irby, executive director of the Washington D.C.-based Animal Wellness Action. Racehorses are often identifiable by a tattoo on their lip.

Only about 10 percent of slaughter horses are Thoroughbreds, Irby estimates, and the National Thoroughbred Racing Association has supported the movement to ban slaughter in the past. (In 2002, at age 19, the 1986 Kentucky Derby winner Ferdinand, a Thoroughbred, was sent to a slaughterhouse in Japan.) The largest group are American Quarter horses, which are commonly used as working animals.

But “once a horse is designated a ‘kill horse,’” everything changes, says Scott Beckstead, director of campaigns for both the Center for a Humane Economy and Animal Wellness Action. “Any concern for its welfare goes out the window.”

Poor welfare: ‘No one does much about it’

Unwanted horses are brought to auctions in the U.S., where so-called “kill buyers” are present. The horse-meat industry depends on a “stealthy, predatory network” of these buyers, who purchase discarded horses and sell them at a profit to foreign slaughterhouses, the report says.

Once these buyers purchase horses, they take them to holding pens or feedlots, where their conditions deteriorate. It’s common to see horses with their bones protruding, suffering from broken legs, festering wounds, and disease, Meadows says. Veterinary care is minimal or nonexistent.

Moving horses to Canada or Mexico requires long-distance travel, often in cramped, repurposed cow trailers. They often spend more than a day in these trailers. In December, Meadows found a downed horse being trampled in a trailer parked at a New Mexico gas station. “There was blood everywhere,” she says. The driver prodded the animal with a stick, the horse stood up shakily, and the journey resumed.

Conditions in slaughterhouses are also poor, and likely violate welfare laws, Labchuk says.

One slaughterhouse employee confessed that workers would “just drag” horses with broken legs to slaughter, according to the report.

Investigators with the Canadian Food Inspection Agency are required to examine the animal before it’s killed, typically with a bolt gun; to check the carcass after, primarily for food safety purposes; and enforce humane slaughter laws—though there’s no requirement for them to watch the animal be killed.

Based on CFIA’s own records and the recent report, Labchuk says it’s clear “CFIA misses most of the abuse that happens in slaughterhouses.”

CFIA did not respond to requests for comment.

Though treatment throughout the auction-to-slaughter pipeline likely violates both U.S. local and federal animal welfare laws, advocates say, those regulations are rarely enforced. Horse auctions “famously operate outside the law,” Beckstead says.

The USDA requires that horses being transported for slaughter have food and water for six hours before they are loaded, that cargo spaces are designed to protect “the health and well-being” of the animals, and that the owner bring in a vet if an animal is in “obvious physical distress.”

In reality, “kill buyers break [horse transport] rules all day every day, and no one does much about it,” Beckstead says.

The USDA did not respond to requests for comment.

The dying horse meat industry

The market for horse meat is all but nonexistent in North America, but the animals are more commonly eaten in Europe and Asia. Live horses are even shipped to Japan for sashimi. Last year, Mexico sent four million dollars’ worth of horse meat to Japan, China, and Russia; and in 2021, Canada exported $28.6 million worth of meat to Japan and Europe, including France, Belgium, Italy, Germany, Luxembourg, and Switzerland.

Still, because of increased awareness surrounding animal welfare and food safety concerns, foreign demand for horse meat has plummeted in recent decades.

That’s partly because U.S. horse meat is often tainted, experts say. Because these animals aren’t raised for meat, they’re given drugs throughout their lives that are not fit for human consumption, including phenylbutazone, commonly referred to as “bute,” a pain reliever.

After an audit found drugs in horse meat imported from Mexico, the European Union banned imports from the country in 2014. In 2016, the EU required all U.S. horses to be held for six months in Canadian feedlots, in theory to rid the animals of toxins before slaughter. The EU also bans imports of meat from horses that have ever received phenylbutazone, and a horse’s last owner must sign paperwork attesting that the animal is drug-free. But “this honor system is just not working,” Meadows says—a 2018 audit of Canadian horse meat bound for Europe found traces of the drug.

“Most domesticated American horses at some point in their life get bute,” Beckstead says. “Phenylbutazone never leaves the system.”

“The writing is on the wall” for the horse meat industry, Beckstead says. In a poll last year, the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals found that 83 percent of Americans oppose the slaughter of U.S. horses for consumption.

And yet, the U.S. is enabling this industry by allowing horses to be exported, Irby says—which is why he’s encouraging animal welfare advocates to urge members of Congress to include a ban on horse slaughter in the upcoming Farm Bill.

“We don't eat horses in America,” he says. “And if it's not okay to slaughter horses on U.S. soil … then why is it okay to transport U.S.-born horses to another country and slaughter them?”Aloïse Amougha clearly recalls the night 30 years ago when a spirit visited him and changed his life. “You have to plant iboga,” it instructed. “And with that iboga, you have to heal the world.”

This vision came to Amougha while he was gripped in the mystical throes of a Bwiti initiation ceremony, a traditional ritual practiced by some 50 ethnic communities in Gabon. Bwiti initiates eat or drink Tabernanthe iboga—a shrub-like tree whose roots contain a powerful psychoactive compound called ibogaine. Named after the Tsogho word “to heal,” iboga grows in several Central African countries. But its strongest cultural ties are in Gabon, where an estimated 5 percent of the country’s 2.3 million citizens practice Bwiti, and more still use iboga in an informal context.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Iboga creates a waking dream-like state in which people may encounter their ancestors or see themselves in past lives. They may be shown core truths about who they are or, as in Amougha’s case, be visited by spirits. Amougha says his spirit neither specified how many iboga seeds he was to plant nor explained why he was to do this. Amougha trusted that the answer eventually would be revealed. So he and his wife, Jacqueline, started planting iboga—and never stopped. Three decades later, a veritable jungle of more than 4,000 trees surrounds their modest home in northeastern Gabon.

In February, Lee White, Gabon’s environment minister, issued an authorization that marked the couple’s iboga as the first to be exported legally from Gabon, as well as the first psychoactive material to be traded under the Nagoya Protocol, a supplementary agreement to the Convention on Biological Diversity that came into force in 2014. The protocol aims to prevent cultural and natural exploitation by establishing benefits-sharing for the people and places from which genetic resources originate.

Tomorrow, a little over two pounds of the couple’s iboga will be sent to Terragnosis, a Canadian company established to source and distribute iboga traded in accordance with the protocol. In Canada, it will undergo chemical analysis and be processed into pure alkaloids that will be delivered to Ambio Life Sciences, a group of clinical facilities in Mexico serving as a pilot for the new legal trade program. There, therapists will use the iboga extract to treat a primarily American clientele for substance use disorders and trauma.

If all goes well, this will be the first of many harvests that make up a new fair trade iboga industry built on principles of equity, reciprocity, and sustainability. “At the same time addicts are healing themselves in the West, they will be supporting communities in Gabon,” says Yann Guignon, the French founder and co-director of Blessings of the Forest, a nonprofit that’s leading the fair trade iboga effort.

"I and my wife, Jacqueline, hope this tree will bring the best to the world,” Amougha adds of the pilot shipment.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: Iboga grows naturally across Gabon, including in the northeast where the Ivindo River runs through the town of Makokou. Nearby rural communities have formed village associations that are establishing sustainable iboga plantations with the support of Blessings of the Forest, a Gabonese nonprofit group. Right: Ibogaine is the primary psychoactive component of the iboga plant. The greatest concentrations are found in iboga roots and vary with soil chemistry, climate, and competition from other plants. Iboga fruit, ranging in color from tangerine to sunshine yellow, may also contain ibogaine.

Ibogaine is sought increasingly outside Gabon for treating post-traumatic stress disorder, especially among combat veterans. Meanwhile, scientists are still trying to understand how ibogaine helps people with substance use disorders break their addictions and skip the painful withdrawal process. If ibogaine does prevent relapses, it “may prove to be truly transformative for addiction medicine,” says Deborah Mash, an emeritus professor at the University of Miami and CEO of DemeRx, a company working toward FDA approval of ibogaine.

But behind the mounting stories of lives changed and saved lurks an uncomfortable truth: Most iboga and ibogaine used by clinics around the world originates from plants poached from Gabon’s forests and smuggled out of Cameroon.

“We know that iboga leaves Gabon to be sold on the internet,” says Natacha Nssi Bengone, a deputy director general at Gabon’s Ministry of Waters and Forests, the Sea, and the Environment. “This is done without agreement from Gabon.”

According to Max Ondo, head of the social department at Conservation Justice, a non-profit group focused on ending illegal wildlife trade in Gabon, Cameroonians are the main iboga traffickers. They buy an iboga tree for “something like $16,” Ondo says, and back in Cameroon, they sell the roots “for more online to Europeans or Americans.”

While ibogaine “does save lives,” says Kirran Ahmad, a psychedelic research clinician at Imperial College London who’s in charge of ensuring mutual benefit between Gabon and the West at Blessings of the Forest, what’s usually missing from the Western experience of the drug is the “narrative of what’s happening in Gabon. Gabon is where slaves were extracted from, and to me, this is another extractive process that’s going on with iboga.”

The new fair trade iboga program is meant to address this problem by offering a legal, sustainable alternative. The effort is not without critics, however, and it’s yet to be seen whether practitioners and clinics abroad will support the program by choosing fair trade iboga rather than continuing to buy cheaper, most likely poached product online. What hangs in the balance, according to Denis Massande, president of the Association for the Development of the Culture of the Pygmy Peoples of Gabon, are the rights of Gabon’s Indigenous communities and the future of a key piece of cultural and ecological heritage.

“We’ve never refused to share iboga with other people,” Massande says. “But now that this commerce of iboga is known across the world, if there is no regulation put in place, iboga will disappear.”

Nature’s pharmacopeia

Archaeological evidence from traces of charcoal discovered in a cave in Gabon indicates that Indigenous people there have been using iboga for at least 2,000 years. Legend has it that somewhere along the way, Babongo Pygmies stumbled upon iboga’s psychoactive effects after observing animals consuming the plant. Pygmies shared what they learned with Bantu people, who make up the majority of Gabon’s population today.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

In the West, French and Swiss pharmacologists isolated ibogaine from iboga roots in 1901, and soon, pharmacies in France were marketing ibogaine tablets for treating a range of maladies and for assisting with “greater than normal physical or mental efforts by healthy individuals.” In the 1960s, a handful of psychiatrists in Chile and the U.S. began using ibogaine as a therapeutic agent, and the drug’s ability to quash addiction came to light a year later when Howard Lotsof, a New York City native, found that it relieved him of his desire to use heroin, without any symptoms of withdrawal.

The U.S. banned all use and virtually all study of ibogaine in 1970 under the newly created Controlled Substances Act, and a number of other countries have bans, especially in Europe. In South Africa, New Zealand, and Brazil’s São Paulo state, ibogaine is a prescription medication; in most other places, it falls into a legal grey zone—not explicitly approved for medical use but not expressly forbidden, either.

The patchwork of global legislation has led to an explosion of ibogaine-related medical tourism, with 80 to 100 iboga providers—primarily in Mexico, Brazil, Costa Rica, Colombia, and South Africa—serving mostly North Americans and Europeans who often pay $5,000 to $15,000 for a single therapeutic session. Demand is growing, and new clinics are “constantly popping up,” says Juliana Mulligan, founder of New York City-based Inner Vision Ibogaine, which provides consultation services for people undergoing ibogaine treatment and for ibogaine clinics.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Estimates of the number of people outside Gabon who have tried ibogaine since the 1960s vary from 10,000 to 40,000, according to Tobias Erny, executive director of the Global Iboga Therapy Alliance , a nonprofit dedicated to supporting sacramental and therapeutic uses of iboga. “In 2006, it was roundabout 3,000 people who have done ibogaine outside of Africa, but we estimate that this figure has skyrocketed massively since then.”

Data collected from some Western users point to iboga’s therapeutic potential. From 1996 to 2005, Mash ran an ibogaine clinic on the island of St. Kitts where she supervised treatment of 277 patients, most of whom detoxed successfully from opioids or cocaine after just one dose. “I saw this really transform people by taking someone in an intractable cycle of drug dependency and breaking them free,” Mash says.

A 2020 study of 51 U.S. Special Operations Forces veterans who received therapy in Mexico with ibogaine and 5-MeO-DMT, another psychedelic substance, revealed “very large reductions” in the participants’ PTSD symptoms, among other things. Most veterans also described the experience as one of the most spiritually significant events of their lives. “Ibogaine dives into some deep stuff and helps you to make sense of it in a way that traditional rehab doesn’t even come close to doing,” says Mulligan, who used ibogaine to end a seven-year opioid dependency after mainstream treatments failed to bring relief.

Ibogaine can be made in a lab but has yet to be developed that way at scale, and it can be derived from certain other plant species, especially Voacanga africana, a tropical African tree. Iboga also grows outside Gabon. Ralph Votel, a German citizen, launched an intensive iboga plantation in Ghana in 2016 after learning that demand was increasing and natural supply dwindling. He now has 40,000 trees on 170 acres and ships all over the world. “It’s a tradable commodity, the same as cocoa or bananas,” he says. “The demand is going up worldwide.”

But iboga from Gabon, in particular, is seen as imbued with the goodwill of eons of traditional use and as containing an ecologically ordained chemical complexity that can’t be replicated elsewhere in the wild or in the lab.

'My iboga comes from Gabon'

In Gabon, iboga is legal to harvest outside protected areas for traditional use. But except for the pilot shipment going out this week, anyone who has imported it from Gabon has broken the law and likely supported poaching, Guignon says. “When you ask clinics where they get their medicine, they don’t answer.”

Gabon has yet to carry out a country-wide survey of iboga, so it’s impossible to know whether poaching is causing a decline, and authorities don’t track seizures of contraband. But the local price has risen by 800 percent over the past decade, and some people say it’s becoming scarcer or even has disappeared from certain areas.

Solange Ngouessono, deputy director of operations at Gabon’s National Parks Agency, knows of 20 iboga-related arrests from 2011 to 2012 when he was working at Mayumba National Park. He and his colleagues seized 88 bags of iboga roots weighing about 20 pounds each, plus two large bottles of powdered roots. “The culprits intended to sell their products in Libreville and beyond,” Ngouessono says.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

In December 2018, rangers in Mayumba National Park seized some 90 bags of iboga totaling an estimated 2,000 pounds. A few months later, Nssi Bengone says, photos of “huge quantities” of iboga were found on the mobile phone of a Cameroonian citizen apprehended in Gabon for ivory trafficking. “That ivory poacher was probably also interested in iboga,” she says.

In February 2019, Gabonese authorities passed legislation forbidding iboga’s export without a government permit. “Until now, we’ve never given such authorization,” Nssi Bengone says. “But we can see for sale on the internet iboga advertised as ‘This is from Gabon.’”

Indeed, within days of joining an ibogaine-themed Facebook group, a user messaged me offering “top quality iboga products” for $800 per half-pound. I could use the iboga, the user said, to treat “all type[s] of addiction, healing, depression, stress and psychological issues,” as well as for “spiritual sacrament.”

“My iboga comes from Gabon,” the user added, trying to clinch the sale.

Because iboga has “universal value,” the threat poaching poses to the species is “not only a Gabonese problem,” says Henri-Paul Moubeyi Bouale, president of the National Association of Bwiti Missoko. “It concerns the whole world to protect this plant.”

‘I’m fighting racism’ and ‘biopiracy’

Yann Guignon, of Blessings of the Forest, is a brusque former businessman and at first seems an unexpected leader in the push for fair trade iboga. But he’s always had an affinity for African cultures and an antipathy to racism. The son of a white French father and multiracial South African mother, he grew up in a diverse neighborhood in Angers, where most of his friends were Black and he often got into fights with white kids who made racist comments.

In the early 2000s, Guignon got a job in Paris with an information and communications technology company as the intercultural mediator between Western and African stakeholders. Cocaine and alcohol were common in his workplace, and he began using both substances, sometimes to excess.

In 2004, a Gabonese project manager at an IT engineering service company noticed Guignon’s cocaine habit and offered to facilitate an iboga session for him. Guignon had never heard of iboga but agreed. “It was like I was reading the story of my life in a very different way, and it really explained to me why I was the way I was,” he recalls of that difficult but profound first experience.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Guignon never took cocaine again, and within a few years, he’d quit his job and moved to Gabon. He was initiated into Bwiti, got his Gabonese citizenship, and became a mentee to Jean Noël Gassita, a pharmacologist and leading iboga expert who died in March 2022. Gassita explained that the West had poached Gabon’s iboga for two centuries and that it was now becoming more difficult for Gabonese to find and afford the sacred plant. Guignon agreed to help find a solution. “For me, it’s exactly the same as when I was a teenager—I’m fighting racism,” he says.

In 2011, Gassita introduced Guignon to Sylvia Bongo Ondimba, Gabon’s First Lady, who suggested that Guignon research iboga within the context of the Nagoya Protocol. Guignon put together an exhaustive report outlining all available information about iboga, including the threats poaching posed to the plant. He his colleagues at Blessings of the Forest spent the next decade developing a legal and social framework that could meet the growing demand for iboga abroad while simultaneously benefiting rural Gabonese and protecting the environment.

Nagoya is for everybody

Now, in theory, anyone in Gabon can export iboga under Gabon’s legislation, modeled on the Nagoya Protocol, as long as certain benefits-sharing and environmental requirements are met.

Blessings of the Forest is helping facilitate this for rural residents by encouraging them to form associations and providing the financial and technical support to establish iboga plantations. Blessings also connects village associations with international buyers and helps with export paperwork. In return, communities agree not to cut down any large trees to make way for iboga; not to illegally exploit wildlife or timber; and to reinvest at least half of what they make from iboga sales into community projects such as schools and infrastructure.

So far, 13 village associations representing a thousand people have entered into this partnership, planting more than 21,000 iboga trees on 14 plantations. Working with Blessings of the Forest is a “win-win,” according to Hubert-bled Elie-Nloh, president of A2E, an association that’s established two plantations near Makokou. (Amougha and Jacqueline are members.) “It represents conservation of our culture, first, and also conservation of biodiversity,” Elie-Nloh says. “Iboga is the war horse leading the charge for community development.”

When the fair trade program is running smoothly, Blessing of the Forest’s next priority, Guignon says, will be convincing—or, if necessary, legally obligating—ibogaine clinics and pharmaceutical companies around the world to engage in some form of reciprocity for Gabon. He also plans to help Bwiti leaders challenge current and future patents sought in the West for ibogaine—which he calls “Columbus syndrome”—on the basis that intellectual property rights already belong to Gabon. “They claim to have discovered things that were already known by people here,” Guignon says. “It’s biopiracy.”

Some international groups strongly support these efforts. Ricard Faura is a program manager at the International Center for Ethnobotanical Education, Research, and Service and an advisor at the Indigenous Medicine Conservation Fund, which supports Blessings of the Forest. He points out that if nothing is done, “then in a not-so-far away future, we will see no more iboga in the wild, and people won’t have the chance to practice their tradition.”

There are people, however, who fear that Gabon’s new legal framework will be wielded to benefit some groups and exclude others. “The idea of Blessings of the Forest is very noble,” says Tobias Erny, of the Global Iboga Therapy Alliance. But he worries that the new rules will be used “to help a certain clique who are very close to the ruling class of Gabon to make a kind of iboga monopoly.”

“All the exploitation of resources in Gabon are controlled by the families with power,” adds Georges Oberdeno Essongue, co-founder of SoVaTer, a Gabonese company that aims to also engage in fair trade iboga. Oberdeno Essongue fears that he and his colleagues will not be among the “few people” likely granted authorization to export iboga.

For the iboga trade to be truly equitable, it needs to be “tethered to the Indigenous people,” says Massande of the Pygmy association. “That’s a way for us to get something back for what we brought into the world.”

Responding to these concerns, Nssi Bengone emphasizes, “the Nagoya Protocol is for everybody—in particular, local communities.”

Gabon’s gift

It remains to be seen whether fair trade iboga will take hold. But on an overcast morning in November, at Amougha and Jacqueline’s home, such a future felt possible.

Amougha led a group of A2E and Blessings of the Forest members across his yard, a slurry of tawny mud after a storm. He stopped in front of the first iboga tree he’d planted back in the early 1990s—a 13-foot-tall beauty, its leaves glistening a brilliant shade of lime green—while the group bowed their heads behind him. “I’m calling on the spirit of God,” Amougha said, addressing the tree in a reverent voice. “People of this Earth and people from all around, this wood will make you better and strong. Make them know it came from Gabon.”

Amougha asked for the tree’s permission to cut it and relayed its answer to the crowd: “It’s time for me to go to allow space for other trees to breathe.”

With that, machetes swung and shovels plunged into the rich earth. An hour later, the old tree and several others had been reduced to a few bags of mud-caked roots. Each of the five A2E members was paid $16 for work that would normally earn them less than a dollar. For the roots themselves, both the A2E association and Amougha and Jacqueline got payments of more than $900—about four times the average monthly salary in Gabon. In this impoverished rural region where elephants eat farmers’ crops, diseases are rife, and basic services such as electricity are lacking, iboga can “heal the whole community, in the sense of making life easier,” Amougha says.

The roots from that first harvest were delivered a few miles down the dirt road to a group of waiting priestesses adorned in Bwiti regalia, their bodies painted pale white and faces decorated with red dots arranged in striking geometric patterns. The women spent the night ceremonially preparing the iboga for shipment. Sitting on the floor, they meticulously scraped the outer layer off each root strand as they sang to the intoxicating strums of a ngombi, a kind of harp said to bridge the spirit world with the earthly one. Working in batches, Delphine Minko nee Akoumanlo, a Bwiti master of ceremonies, roasted the clean roots over an outdoor fire and pulverized them into a fine powder. “Iboga can show us the way of life,” she said, the moon illuminating a plume of smoke that framed her face. “It’s like the big school of life.”

The following morning, Guignon and his colleagues picked up the blessed and processed iboga, paid the women $79 each, and began the bumpy, 14-hour drive back to Libreville. Very soon, a precious package, the first ever to be sent in a spirit of reciprocity, would cross the Atlantic and arrive in a new continent where the real journey will begin—in the minds of the people who will take it for healing.

And in those intensely personal journeys, Amougha’s benediction—issued to a tree he spent half his life tending—perhaps will shine through the darkness to ease their passage.

Reporting for this story was supported by a Ferriss-UC Berkeley Psychedelic Journalism Fellowship.This plant could save lives—and everyone wants to cash in“I hear ravens up ahead,” says Steven Gnam, a photographer and mountaineer. It’s high noon in Glacier National Park and we’re nearing the end of a 5,000-foot climb up a peak draped in mist and covered with loose rocks.

Momentarily, two coal-black corvids wheel in and out of the clouds. “Is that a good sign?” I ask, considering whether the appearance of these archetypal tricksters has any larger meaning. “Yes,” he says. “They’re here because of the bears.”

As we climb, signs of grizzlies begin to appear everywhere; first, a deep divot, large enough to lie in, where a bear has dug into the loose gravel and rock, also known as scree and talus; then, plentiful piles of scat; finally, the sounds of a bear in the near distance, hidden by mist, raking into tablet-shaped stones and tossing them, which sounds like clattering dinner plates.

0:10

What has drawn the grizzly bears—and ravens—to the mountains are army cutworm moths, 1.5-inch-long silvery insects that have migrated here, many from hundreds of miles away.

Every summer, billions of moths flock to the Northern Rockies to escape the heat of the plains and feed on alpine plants. During the day they rest under high-elevation scree; by night, they sup the nectar of flowers. The insects become plump, increasing to upward of 75 percent body fat. Here, grizzly bears scale peaks of up to 13,000 feet and dig through the talus to consume tens of thousands of moths a day.

The phenomenon illustrates a fascinating link between a charismatic carnivore and a small insect, considered a pest by some, since it can feed on crops.

“It's this unique story of this tiny little moth and this big bear that is compelled to go up to high elevations to feed on it,” says Erik Peterson, a Washington State University-affiliated biologist whose graduate research in Glacier National Park involved mapping where both creatures occur in Glacier in unprecedented detail.

Yet the situation presents challenges for land managers, especially as more and more people visit the mountains. Biologist Erika Nunlist, while at Montana State, conducted a master’s thesis in the Absaroka Range—at the eastern edge of the Yellowstone wilderness—that found on one so-called “mothing peak,” bears ran away 80 percent of the time when people approached. This can deprive them of a vital food source late in the season before hibernation, when calories are paramount.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: Most people think of the grizzly bear as a mountain animal. However, in past eras the grizzly was widespread in the Great Plains and beyond, and known to follow bison herds. But widespread hunting and trapping extirpated them from 98 percent of their range in the Lower 48. The remaining grizzlies found refuge in remote mountain ranges within the Rockies and North Cascades.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“You want bears feeding on these sites, because they are as far removed from people as you can get,” Peterson says. But the people are coming anyway, and not without risk. In late June 2022, experienced hiker Barry Olson climbed a nearby peak and ran into a grizzly that mauled and nearly killed him. But no recorded fatalities have been associated with the phenomenon, and the bears are in general “remarkably tolerant and hospitable with humans,” Peterson says.

In January, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service announced it’s considering removing federal protections for grizzly bears afforded them under the Endangered Species Act, which could pave the way for state-administered hunts in Montana, Wyoming, and Idaho.

Meanwhile, much about the phenomenon remains mysterious. What does the future hold for moths and bears in the Northern Rockies?

Ranging far and wide

Large numbers of grizzly bears, a type of brown bear, were once found throughout most of what is now the western United States and into northern Mexico. But they were shot and trapped and nearly extirpated from the Lower 48 by the mid-1900s, hanging on in a small population of the Northern Rockies listed as an endangered species in 1975.

Their numbers have since grown and there are thought to be around 2,000 in the continental U.S., surviving in two genetically isolated populations centered around Glacier and the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem. These bears are resilient and versatile, with a broad diet. One study in the Yellowstone area found they consume 175 species of plants and more than 80 species of animals.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

But none of these foods are as calorie dense as army cutworm moths, which occupy a vast range across western North America. These insects emerge from the soil in the spring as worm-like larvae, or cutworms, that will eat just about any young plant, including crops.

A few weeks after the caterpillars emerge, they form cocoons and develop into moths—then head for the mountains in great numbers, sometimes creating “moth blizzards,” which are drawn in the tens of thousands to lights, especially inside houses and garages.

Research by biologist Clare Dittemore, a graduate student at Montana State, and colleagues suggests that most moths migrating to a peak in the Absaroka Range don’t feed on fertilized crops, instead eating wild plants and weeds as larvae. This includes invasive species such as cheatgrass: In 2003 in northern Nevada, the moths devoured 1,100 square miles of it. These data show the insects are not merely an agricultural pest, but an important part of the ecosystem.

Her studies also affirm most local moths hail from a broad swathe of Canada. This follows work by Hilary Robinson, now a researcher at Yellowstone National Park, showing that moths choose seemingly random mountainous locations to migrate and don’t return to one spot, like, say, salmon. Their site-agnostic travels and broad distribution make them less vulnerable to disturbances, Dittemore adds, but climate change remains a threat to insect migrations because of its wide-ranging and unpredictable effects.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

At the same time, as some of their other food sources have dwindled, grizzlies are likely increasingly relying on moths as a food source. For instance, grizzlies eat nuts from whitebark pines, but these trees have been hit hard by white pine blister rust, an exotic fungus that has infected and killed up to 90 percent of these conifers in the Northern Rockies in the last century. Populations of cutthroat trout, another vital food in the Yellowstone area, have also significantly declined since the 1990s after the introduction of invasive lake trout, which can outcompete them.

For their study, Dittemore’s team set up a transportable radar tracking incoming moths, estimating that up to five million of the insects arrived over a single pass in the Absarokas over a five-day period in summer.

So far researchers have identified more than 30 sites in the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem where moths and bears flock; a third or more of the bears in some of these areas likely feed on the them. Other creatures including ravens, which follow grizzlies to find moth hotspots, are also nourished by the insects.

In early autumn, once the alpine flowers begin to go to seed, the moths head back toward the plains to breed and lay eggs in loose soil. These eggs develop into larvae that remain dormant underground until spring.

Nobody knows how long bears have been feeding on moths. The first reports date back to Yellowstone in the 1950s, but scientific research didn’t begin until the 1980s. Around the same time, bears were seen feeding on moths atop McDonald Peak in the Mission Mountains south of Glacier and on traditional land of the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes of the Flathead Reservation. (Related: Grizzly bears saved this veteran's life. He's returning the favor.)

Peak experience

Toward the top of the peak in Glacier, I dig into the talus; a dozen insects emerge and try to hide, crawling deeper down.

The insects’ wings are many shades of gray and brown, with a soft sheen that reflects the rocks around them. A closer look reveals an understated beauty, with notes of stone, sagebrush, and cinnamon. Patterns of circular motifs swirl throughout—some charcoal, others the white of a clouded sky. This coloration helps them blend in with the scree and lichen-painted rocks.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

The ground is torn up: “Essentially everywhere you look,” Gnam says, “bear paws have turned over rocks looking for moths.”

Nearby, pioneering scientist Don White Jr. discovered in the 1990s that the bears can eat 40,000 moths daily. He also found that when bears got spooked by humans, their caloric intake of moths could drop significantly. Now Peterson’s research, which has yet to be published, shows that grizzly bears visit about 70 percent of the talus slopes where moths occur in the park. Helicopter surveys have also found moth-eating bears in locations they were not known to frequent.

At the peak’s summit, we look at comments left behind in a log kept there for peak baggers. Quite a few mention the bears, revealing a mix of awe, surprise, and occasionally fear. “Surrounded by bears,” wrote a 12-year-old in 2021. “Beautiful views!” writes another. “Six grizzlies near the top!”

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: An army cutworm moth (Euxoa auxiliaris) scurries past a wavy grizzly hair. Scat and hairs are found all over moth sites. The insects are the base of an enigmatic and little-studied food web, providing nourishment to ravens, bears, and other creatures in the alpine.

This peak is one of the more frequently visited mothing sites, and the bears have become somewhat accustomed to people. But that doesn’t mean they’re unbothered. (Learn more: The odd things grizzly bears eat, from elk to moths.)

“Everybody wants to go up there—we’re sort of at a quandary as to how to deal with that,” says John Waller, a biologist with Glacier National Park. The day is “fast approaching” when limits on visitation may be necessary, he says.

In tribal lands of the Flathead Reservation, land managers have already restricted human access to McDonald Peak between July and mid-October since the 1980s. And “there are no plans to remove the seasonal closure,” says Kari Kingery, a wildlife biologist with the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Grizzly bears’ land, first

To see the bears in another ecosystem, we head to the Absaroka Range, a nine-hour drive from Glacier. One peak, at just over 13,000 feet, attracts a modest amount of climbers. And, of course, bears.

To navigate the gnarly road to the top, you need a four-wheel-drive vehicle with high clearance. At 11,000 feet, there’s a ridgetop plain with a view of the mountain where Gnam and I spent four days camping; one night, 60 miles-per-hour winds lashed our vehicles. There are no marked trails, and the main route along the ridge is littered with bear beds—where the animals have raked out divots for sleeping—and scat full of moth wings. The only mark of humanity is the dirt road and a sign saying “WARNING: HIGH BEAR DENSITIES IN THIS AREA.”

During one hike we climbed a drainage, and, due to the contour of the land, didn’t see a massive male bear until we were 75 yards away. He looked sleepy, half-laying on the ground, but his ears perked up as he sniffed the air.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“He’s showing us he’s not too concerned,” Gnam says. “But we should keep moving.” After a quick climb, we filtered water in a snowfield, finding bear hair and scat all over. I’d never felt more clearly that I was in the realm of another creature.

We began to feel the elevation, a feeling like brain-freeze, progressing to a headache. The view at the peak makes it worth it, with the entirety of the Yellowstone region before us, framed by the distant Tetons. On the west side of the peak, below, we spy two grizzlies. One is napping; the other is digging into the talus for moths.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

During our time there, we saw dozens of bears. Most were far off searching out moths. A handful ran off when we got close enough for them to smell or see us.

I think about the words of Kingery, who explained to me that tribal members traditionally view Earth “as the grizzly bear’s land first.” Being here, the sentiment rings true.

That’s why it’s “important to honor and respect grizzly bears and live peacefully with them,” Kingery says. For their sake, and our own.Europe’s demand for frog legs has long threatened the animals—first at home and now in other regions around the world, according to new research.

Frogs were taken from the wild in Europe in such quantities by the 1980s that they were disappearing locally, leading the European Union to ban most species from trade. Suppliers satisfied Europeans’ continuing taste for frog legs by importing them, legally, from other countries.

Little has been known about the nature of this trade or its impact on global frog populations, but a study published last month in Nature Conservation fills in some of the gaps.

Millions of wild frogs are killed each year for their legs, the authors found. This poses a threat of extinction, locally or globally, for multiple species and the ecosystems where they play important roles, such as eating insects, providing prey for other species, aerating the soil with their burrows, and, as tadpoles, filtering water.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“Amphibians are highly susceptible to pollution, the climate crisis, and deadly chytrid fungus,” says Sandra Altherr, one of the authors and the co-founder of Pro Wildlife, a German conservation organization. “On top of this, the EU’s huge and ongoing hunger for frogs’ legs is decimating wild frog populations in an increasing number of countries.”

The EU, Altherr and her colleagues note, is the world’s largest importer of frog legs but has taken no apparent steps to ensure that the trade is sustainable.

Jorge Rodríguez Romero, head of the Unit for Global Environmental Cooperation and Multilateralism, the branch of the European Commission that deals with wildlife trade issues, did not reply to a request for comment.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Delving into the frog leg trade, the team discovered that “nothing is transparent,” says co-author Mark Auliya, a herpetologist at the Leibniz Institute for the Analysis of Biodiversity Change, in Bonn, Germany. The EU, for example, doesn’t require reporting on the species or quantities of frogs imported by member states—only the weight of generic “frog legs.”

Using this information, the researchers inferred that between 2011 and 2020, the EU imported about 89.7 million pounds of frog legs, equating to an estimated 814 million to two billion frogs. Belgium and France accounted for most.

To learn more, the team tapped disparate sources, including databases kept by various countries and organizations, scientific studies, news stories, and assessments of species on the International Union for Conservation of Nature’s Red List, the world’s most comprehensive inventory of the conservation status of wild animals, plants, and fungi.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: People in downtown Bordeaux, France, know where to go for frog legs and roast beef. ​ Alamy

Globally, at least 190 frog species were traded—almost certainly an underestimate because the animals are easily misidentified. In one 2017 study, for example, scientists bought frog legs from grocery stores in France and, using DNA analysis, showed that 206 out of 209 specimens labeled as Javan giant frogs were other species.

Of the frogs identified in the study, the IUCN lists 58 as threatened with extinction and 10 as critically endangered. But these numbers too are likely underestimates, says co-author Alice Hughes, a conservation biologist at the University of Hong Kong. That’s because the status of some traded frogs hasn’t been assessed, and many existing assessments don’t provide comprehensive information about threats to overall populations of each species.

Everyone who wants to have this little snack should be aware of the extreme cruelty behind it.

The frog leg trade has been harmful. In Indonesia, for example, large-legged species such as Blyth’s giant frog and the Malesian frog have declined so much that the country switched to exporting smaller, more common crab-eating frogs. In Albania, overexploitation is contributing to the disappearance of the Albanian water frog, a threatened species. And exports of Anatolian water frogs to Europe from southern Turkey caused population declines of 20 percent a year, with extinction of the species likely by 2032 if the trade isn’t controlled, according to scientific findings.

People conflate legal trade with sustainable trade, “but in reality, the two are completely divorced,” Hughes says. “Without legislation from buying countries, we’re not going to see sustainability.”

In addition to population declines caused by the trade, the researchers found that frogs captured for their legs typically are dismembered while still alive and left to die. “Everyone who wants to have this little snack should be aware of the extreme cruelty behind it,” Altherr says.

‘Europe should take responsibility’

Only two frogs traded for their legs are listed under CITES, the global treaty to ensure that the wildlife trade doesn’t threaten the survival of species. In 1985, CITES gave trade protections to Euphlyctis hexadactylus and Hoplobatrachus tigerinus in response to population declines in India and Bangladesh driven by exports of their legs to Europe.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“Nothing’s been done since then to regulate trade in the remaining species,” Auliya says.

This absence of protection for frogs “can cause a false sense of security and a lack of adequate conservation attention,” says Jonathan Kolby, a herpetologist who was not involved in the research. “If anything, the trade is even greater than what the authors were able to describe, due to the absence of standardized reporting and data.”

The Nature Conservation study suggests several solutions to the lack of transparency and sustainability for the frog leg trade.

The EU could supervise and centralize the gathering of reliable information about population sizes of species and threats they face, apply science-based decisions to the regulation of trade volumes, and track imports. It could formulate and oversee industry standards for humane treatment of frogs and start testing for pesticide contamination in frog meat to ensure consumer safety. The authors also call for monitoring the number of frogs that die during transport and processing before their legs are exported. None of these measures are now in place, they say.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

It’s also important for the EU to take the lead on initiating CITES listings for all imported species, Hughes says. “We have to start putting responsibility on those driving demand. It must be looked upon as irresponsible to be importing many thousands of animals from the wild with no data to assess the impact of that trade on wild populations.”

Without EU involvement, things aren’t likely to change, says Annemarie Ohler, a frog specialist at the National Museum of Natural History, in Paris, who was not involved in the research. “European countries are transferring the responsibility to the source countries that consider frog trade as a financial resource,” she says. “Clearly, Europe should take responsibility.”This plant could save lives—and everyone wants to cash inNext time you’re irritated that ants have gotten into your kitchen, you might take a moment to consider their extraordinary powers of perception.

These tiny animals can detect markers of illness, such as cancer. In fact, ants are just one of many creatures whose senses can register signs of human disease: dogs, rats, bees, and even tiny worms can as well.

Here’s what we know about these animals and their incredible abilities.

Working ants

The silky ant, Formica fusca, a common species found throughout Europe, can be taught to identify the scent of breast cancer in urine.

Research from the University Sorbonne Paris Nord in France published this year in Proceedings of the Royal Society B shows ants can learn to distinguish between the scent of urine derived from mice carrying human breast cancer tumors from that of healthy mice.

Ants and other animals pick up signs of disease by perceiving various volatile organic compounds, or VOCs. These chemicals are produced in a variety of ways and can be found in exhaled breath, and in sweat, urine, and blood. Diseases can change the VOCs we emit, resulting in giving off a different odor. By placing a sugar reward near the cancer sample the ants learned to seek out that scent, a process called operant conditioning.

“We were surprised by the rapidity of ants. In just ten minutes one ant can be trained,” says lead author Baptiste Piqueret, now a post doctoral researcher at the Max Planck Institute for Chemical Ecology in Germany.

After scientists trained the ants they put the insects in a petri dish with urine samples from the mice with tumors and healthy mice. They spent 20 percent more time with the cancerous samples.

Ants smell the chemicals that make up odors with olfactory receptors on their antennae. Scent is their main form of communication, says study co-author Patrizia d’Ettorre, an ethologist at the Université Sorbonne Paris Nord.

“They recognize group members by detecting their body odor,” and use pheromones—often in tiny concentrations—to communicate as astonish array of complex signals.

These ants also don’t sting and are “inexpensive to get and maintain. Honey and dead insects, and ants are happy,” Piqueret says. This makes them excellent candidates for such work.

What exact chemicals the ants are smelling is unknown, says d’Ettorre, which is often the case with the other cancer-detecting animals.

A human’s best friend

Dogs can be trained to smell several types of cancers, including melanoma, breast and gastrointestinal cancers and some infectious diseases in humans, including malaria and Parkinson’s disease. In the U.S, dogs have worked in the field screening people for COVID-19, including at some schools in California, in several locations in Massachusetts, and at Miami Heat basketball games.

They can also smell infectious disease in other animals, including chronic wasting disease, which affects the brains of deer and can be fatal.

“It’s devastating to the deer and the only way to detect it is by autopsy,” says Cynthia Otto, with the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine.

Dogs, however, can be trained to detect the disease in deer feces, according to a study published in the journal Prion, on which Otto was a co-author. Researchers think the dogs may possibly by smelling the infectious agent itself, Otto says, in this case and others.

“We've done some pilot studies, looking at bacterial infections and if we train the dogs on the bacteria itself, the dogs can respond to samples from infected subjects,” she says. Medical Detection Dogs, a British charity, has trained dogs to detect a record 28 diseases, including specific bacteria.

The difference with detecting cancer could be that what the dogs are detecting is “how the body is responding to the cancer cells,” including odors deriving from immune responses or something else. “Or it could be the cancer itself, we don’t know for sure,” Otto says.

They could also be detecting more than one scent—or different dogs may be picking up on different scents. In an ovarian cancer study in which the odors were broken into different cohorts, “different dogs responded to different fragments,” Otto says.

The rat detectives

Another animal employed to detects explosive is the African giant pouched rat.

In 2004 the Belgian non-profit APOPO deployed trained African giant pouched rats to Mozambique “when the rats first earned external International Mine Action Standards accreditation,” says Cindy Fast, the organization’s head of training and innovation. Since then they’ve helped rid seven countries of more than 150,000 landmines.

Tanzania, where APOPO is headquartered, doesn’t have landmines—but it is one of 30 countries with the highest rates of tuberculosis.

APOPO’s “research suggests they detect a bouquet of odors… which are specific for Mycobacterium tuberculosis,” the bacterium that causes tuberculosis, says Lily Shallom, the organization’s communications manager.

Like the ants, the rats get a food reward when they identify tuberculosis samples in human sputum during training. After training they act as a safety net, a back-up for human technicians.

Each rat screens “upwards of a hundred patient samples in about 20 minutes,” Fast says, something it would take a human researcher four days to accomplish. They are rewarded when they identify a sample already identified as positive. But if the rat alerts to a sample already thought to be negative, it’s sent on to be evaluated using a more expensive test.

According to APOPO, since the program’s inception, the rats have detected more than 23,000 cases missed by local health clinics.

“That they've increased case detection by around 50 percent over partnering health clinics,” says Fast, clearly proud of the furry diagnosticians.

Getting a bee on a COVID test

As if honeybees haven’t done enough for us, Dutch researchers have shown that the bees are good at scenting out SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19.

Like ants, honeybees smell with their antennae and are exquisitely sensitive to scents. Scientists with the Wageningen Bioveterinary Research laboratory in the Netherlands took local bees and put them in special “bee-holders,” plastic boxes with room for wing and body movement, with just their heads sticking out. They were given scents from various samples and awarded with a sugary treat when they rolled out their tongues in response to COVID-positive materials. In time, they would perform this action without being rewarded.

Like the ants, they could be trained in a matter of minutes, and can check a test in just seconds.

What exactly the bees are smelling in SARS-CoV-2 infected samples is as yet unknown. The researchers suggested bees could be helpful in remote communities where traditional testing could be difficult.

An intelligent worm

Smaller still than a honeybee is the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans, a worm-like creature approximately the size of a sand grain that is commonly used in lab research. It has disease genes that are very much like our own, making it a valuable model organism for scientific study. It’s also transparent, so its biological processes are easily visible under a microscope.

The organism has also been shown to have cancer-detecting abilities. One Japanese study showed it can detect pancreatic cancer cells and an Italian study revealed it could recognize breast cancer cells.

In both cases the worms in some circumstances would move towards samples with the cancer cells and avoiding the healthy ones. A Japanese biotech firm is offering an early-detection cancer test, N-Nose, in which members of the public can send in a urine sample and have it tested by the worms.National Geographic magazine. A version of this story appears in the March 2021 issue ofmagazine.

It’s 8:30 on a Saturday night in August. A gibbous moon hangs low in the sky, its glow no competition for the neon sign proclaiming GREYHOUND RACING and DERBY LANE.

About 300 people are scattered in the grandstands here in St. Petersburg, Florida, that once held thousands, murmuring as loudspeakers play big band and rockabilly. They fall silent when Frederick Davis leads the parade of dogs.

“TNT Sherlock,” says the announcer, calling for the first of the eight sleek animals as Davis halts them in front of the stands. Each dog wears a number attached to a snug vest known as a blanket. “Tailspin,” the announcer calls, “Charlotte York …”

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Next, Davis, 41, and the eight handlers he supervises put the dogs in the starting box. A mechanical rabbit named Hare-son Hare zooms past, squeaking and shooting blue sparks. The doors fly open, and the greyhounds burst onto the track in a blur of acceleration. Their paws toss sand in the air as they gallop around the oval for 30 seconds, hitting speeds of up to 45 miles an hour.

Derby Lane, which opened in 1925, was once hailed as the Churchill Downs of greyhound racing. Back when the dogs were running last year, you could still get a hint of the glamour and excitement of the track’s glory days in the 20th century. Back then, the stands would be packed with fans in suits and hats. Babe Ruth and entertainer Sophie Tucker were visitors. Joe DiMaggio once left Marilyn Monroe in an idling car while he ran inside to place his bets.

Derby Lane was America’s oldest continuously operating greyhound racetrack, but in December 2020 it headed for its final stretch. Two years earlier, Florida had more greyhound tracks than any other state—11 out of 17 nationwide. By the end of 2020, it was down to three, with about 2,000 dogs still racing. Now those tracks are closed too.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

In 2018 Florida’s voters had the chance to approve a constitutional amendment—Amendment 13—to ban betting on greyhounds as of December 31, 2020. The racing industry bet on Floridians rejecting the amendment, but it passed by a wide margin, owing mostly to the growing national concern over the mistreatment of animals in the entertainment field, such as circuses.

Derby Lane’s last race was scheduled for December 27. Davis, a slender man with dreadlocks and a quick smile, was one of scores of employees whose future was uncertain. He’d been at the track for 14 years and considered it his ideal job.

“I love dogs,” Davis said, “and I love being outside.”

He was not the only Derby Lane employee wondering what would happen next.

“It’s a shame to have to shut down after 95 years,” said CEO Richard Winning, 64. His family has owned Derby Lane since it opened in 1925. With the Florida tracks closed, he warned, tracks elsewhere undoubtedly would follow. “In 20 years, will anyone even remember what greyhound racing was?”

This is the one thing on which he agrees with Carey Theil, whose Massachusetts-based advocacy group Grey2K USA spearheaded the drive for Amendment 13: Shut down Florida’s tracks, and there goes the industry.

“Florida really was the industry,” Theil says.

The gray-bearded Winning is a born storyteller. He started at the track 45 years ago, collecting half-dollars from the turnstiles. He remembers when the regulars included rakish gamblers named “the Flicker” and “Champagne Tony,” the track restaurant served a 37-ounce prime rib, and a live band played between races.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Winning says greyhounds are the only dog breed in the Bible. That’s sort of true. The King James Version of Proverbs 30:29-31 cites them as “comely in going.” (Scholars say the original Hebrew refers to Afghan hounds or salukis.) The king’s translators knew about greyhounds because of a then popular sport called coursing, in which two greyhounds race to catch a rabbit. Queen Elizabeth I loved it—hence greyhound racing’s nickname, the “sport of queens.”

Dog racing as we know it today originated with an American inventor named Owen P. Smith, who was moved by the grim deaths of the rabbits to come up with an alternative. Smith’s idea was to replace the live rabbit with a mechanical one. In 1910 he secured a patent for what he called the Inanimate Hare Conveyor.

“Nobody in the history of any sport brought about a change comparable to that worked by the inventor of the device, and yet no inventor in sports history is so little known,” Sports Illustrated commented in 1973.

Smith and two partners also designed the first modern greyhound track, the Blue Star Amusement Company, which opened in 1919 outside Oakland, California. It failed, as did several others, because it didn’t allow betting. Gambling, while popular, was illegal.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. 1 / 6 1 / 6 <p>In 1950, thousands of fans would gather at Derby Lane to watch the races from the grandstands.</p> In 1950, thousands of fans would gather at Derby Lane to watch the races from the grandstands. Photograph courtesy of Derby Lane Archives

The first successful track, the Miami Kennel Club, was one Smith and his partners opened in 1922 in a swampy Florida locale known as Humbuggus. It was so close to the Everglades that the owners employed a snake catcher to snag stray reptiles. The key to its success was the use of electric lights, according to Gwyneth Anne Thayer, author of Going to the Dogs, a book on greyhound racing and its place in popular culture. Lights meant that races could be run at night, when working people could attend. Amid Florida’s 1920s land boom, thousands of new residents sought evening entertainment. (The track later was converted to horse racing and renamed Hialeah Park.)

In 1925, on the other side of the state, Derby Lane opened under a cloud. The partners who built it ran out of money, so lumber magnate T.L. Weaver, Winning’s great-grandfather, took possession. He grew beans in the infield, track historian Louise Weaver says. Between races, he once had monkeys ride the dogs, their uniforms sewn to the greyhounds’ blankets so they couldn’t escape and the dogs couldn’t buck them off.

Although betting was illegal, the tracks “did something sneaky,” Winning said. “They sold shares in the dogs.” Winners would get a “dividend.” Losers would not. Other tracks ran “on the fix”—meaning they’d keep operating until raided and open again once the coast was clear.

In 1931, with the Great Depression bankrupting local governments, Florida legislators passed a bill to legalize and tax betting on the races. Governor Doyle Carlton, a devout Baptist, opposed it. Years later, he said gamblers offered him $100,000 to sign the bill. Instead, he vetoed it. State senators overrode his veto, making Florida the first state to legalize betting on dog races. Dog tracks then popped up in Tampa (1932), Orlando and Jacksonville (1935), Pensacola (1946), and Key West (1953).

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: A newly adopted greyhound explores her new home. She was placed through GST's Sun State Greyhound Adoption, which is working to find homes for the hundreds of dogs needing homes once the track closes in December.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Greyhound racing became part of Florida’s sun-and-fun image. Mickey Mantle filmed a cigarette commercial at Derby Lane. Boxing champs and movie stars hung out at the tracks. The 1959 movie A Hole in the Head shows Frank Sinatra betting on Miami dog races.

Florida can be a sunny place full of shady people. The money involved in dog racing attracted plenty of them. Winning recalls Tampa mobster Santo Trafficante, Jr.’s minions placing bets at Derby Lane. Some mafiosi were more than customers. Charles “Lucky” Luciano and Meyer Lansky held an interest in South Florida dog tracks, says Scott Deitche, author of seven books on the Mafia.

Mob involvement sparked rumors about fixed races. Bettors said dogs were overfed to slow them down, or their toes cinched up with rubber bands to hamper their ability to run, or they were drugged to make them faster or slower.

Doping remained a problem into dog racing’s last years. In 2017 state officials revoked a Derby Lane trainer’s license because five of his greyhounds tested positive for cocaine, a stimulant. Months later, a trainer at another Florida track was suspended after a dozen dogs tested positive. In the two years that followed, state officials say, 11 more trainers’ dogs tested positive.

Doping has been just one of racing opponents’ concerns. Grey2K has spent nearly 20 years compiling reports on the welfare of racing greyhounds. It contends that even standard industry practices constitute mistreatment. It says dogs are forced to race under conditions that can cause serious injuries, such as broken legs and backs, fractured skulls and spines, and even electrocution by the lure. Another concern is what becomes of dogs that aren’t racing. In 1952 the Greyhound Racing Record said 30 percent of greyhounds bred for racing would compete, leaving open the fate of the other 70 percent. Dogs that do race stop being competitive around four years old. Grey2K has collected a raft of stories about greyhounds being euthanized or sold to laboratories. To address those concerns, in 1987 the industry formed the American Greyhound Council to set up adoption agencies and study what’s best for the dogs. Two of the worst scandals occurred in the 2000s, however.

In 2002 a former Pensacola track guard was arrested after authorities discovered that he’d killed 1,000 to 3,000 greyhounds and buried them on his property in Alabama. He said he’d been paid $10 each for shooting them. A prosecutor called the guard’s property a “Dachau for dogs,” according to a story in the New York Times. The guard died before he could be tried. In 2010 a trainer at a track in the Florida town of Ebro left dozens of dogs to die after the racing season ended. He pleaded guilty to cruelty, drawing a five-year sentence.

The scandals cut into greyhound racing’s popularity at a time when the public’s concern for animal welfare was rising. Meanwhile, new competing gambling operations—the Seminole and Miccosukee Tribes’ casinos and the Florida Lottery—lured customers from dog tracks.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: Greyhounds in a daily matinee race at Derby Lane chase the mechanical lure around the oval track, a pursuit that’s over in just 30 seconds. Between races, a tractor emerges to smooth the sand down flat again to minimize injuries—a point of contention between the racing industry and critics who urged voters to ban the sport.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: Farmer holds award plaques for “America’s Top Sprinter” in 2008 and “America’s Top Distance Dog” in 2015. He keeps his cache of awards and mementoes in an overflowing Tupperware container.

The fans who remained skewed older. In 2001 Steven Soderbergh filmed a scene for Ocean’s Eleven at Derby Lane that featured George Clooney and Brad Pitt recruiting a man for their robbery scheme. Their target, Carl Reiner, then 79, fit in perfectly with the graying greyhound crowd.

In the track’s final days, its typical fan was Jim Wickert, 77, a retired golf course owner who since 2003 had shown up at Derby Lane twice a week in his tan Orvis fedora. He said he enjoyed the challenge of handicapping the dogs’ chances.

“I like trying to figure them out,” he said. “I don’t bet big, but it’s still exciting when you do figure things out and they run the way you think they should.”

He was unsure what he’d do once the track closed. Nothing else seemed as exciting.

Some people got into racing because they love greyhounds. Trainer and kennel owner John Farmer, a Klamath Tribe member from Oregon, said he fell in love with the breed when he was 11 and his mother let him watch races at Multnomah Greyhound Park. Now 55, he carries mementos of his winning dogs in an overflowing Tupperware container.

Greyhounds are affectionate animals, not particularly high-strung, said longtime veterinarian Donald Beck. In his time at Derby Lane, Beck said he was never bitten—but he had been scratched by excited dogs jumping on him.

When Winning recalls racing champions, one stands out: Keefer, the dog that won Derby Lane’s 1986 Distance Classic. That race drew 12,779 people—the largest crowd in track history. By 2020 Saturday races drew maybe a thousand.

The money brought in by live greyhound racing in its final decade dropped from $117 million a year to less than $40 million. At Derby Lane, it fell from $12 million to $4.3 million.

The industry tried to adapt, winning legislative approval in 1996 for poker rooms and for simulcasting, which lets bettors wager on races elsewhere. The poker rooms remained packed. After dog racing ended, simulcast races drew some fans. But they couldn’t save the dog tracks.

For a decade, Grey2K tried to persuade Florida legislators to reform greyhound racing, to no avail. Finally, the group appealed to the state’s Constitution Revision Commission, which meets every two decades, and persuaded commissioners to support a proposal to end racing.

The organization and its allies spent three million dollars advocating for Amendment 13, Theil says, mostly for TV ads showing mistreated racing dogs. Two groups opposing the amendment spent just $534,000 in response. One of the groups’ ads accused Grey2K of exaggerating the danger.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“The vast majority of the dogs are well trained, well treated, and well loved,” said Jack Cory, of the Florida Greyhound Association. He called Grey2K “pathological liars.”

Yet the industry drew little support beyond its fan base. Nearly 70 percent of the voters said yes to the amendment.

Besides the track employees losing jobs, the shutdown affected trainers and kennel owners. Farmer, for example, said he would relocate to West Virginia, one of the three remaining states (along with Iowa and Arkansas) that still have consistent racing seasons.

Grey2K USA is working to have racing banned in those states and in Australia, Ireland, Mexico, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and Vietnam.

Greyhound adoption agencies set about finding homes for the Florida dogs that were still racing as of December 2020. One of those organizations was GST’s Sun State Greyhound Adoption, run by Sharon Dippel. She and her husband, Brian, have eight adopted dogs themselves. They go through a couple of 44-pound bags of dog food every 10 days or so.

Dippel said plenty of people lined up to adopt dogs. It helped that Florida’s tracks didn’t shut down simultaneously. Some closed shortly after the 2018 vote, others in early 2020 because of COVID-19.

As pets, greyhounds still like to run when they get outdoors, even without a mechanical device to chase, Dippel said. But when they get back indoors?

“They’re a 45-mile-per-hour couch potato.”

ADOPTING A GREYHOUND: There are about 300 greyhound adoption agencies in the U.S. There are about 300 greyhound adoption agencies in the U.S. The Greyhound Project maintains a searchable directory. If you adopt a greyhound racer, remember it has been trained to run. You may have to teach the dog some basics. Also, it likely will be unfamiliar with other dog breeds or pets, such as cats, and will need time to get used to them.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Craig Pittman is the author of five books on Florida, his native state, and cohost of the Erika Larsen documents cultures that maintain close ties with nature. is the author of five books on Florida, his native state, and cohost of the “Welcome to Florida” podcast.documents cultures that maintain close ties with nature.

This story was updated on February 9, 2021.National Geographic magazine. A version of this story appears in the March 2021 issue ofmagazine.

It’s 8:30 on a Saturday night in August. A gibbous moon hangs low in the sky, its glow no competition for the neon sign proclaiming GREYHOUND RACING and DERBY LANE.

About 300 people are scattered in the grandstands here in St. Petersburg, Florida, that once held thousands, murmuring as loudspeakers play big band and rockabilly. They fall silent when Frederick Davis leads the parade of dogs.

“TNT Sherlock,” says the announcer, calling for the first of the eight sleek animals as Davis halts them in front of the stands. Each dog wears a number attached to a snug vest known as a blanket. “Tailspin,” the announcer calls, “Charlotte York …”

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Next, Davis, 41, and the eight handlers he supervises put the dogs in the starting box. A mechanical rabbit named Hare-son Hare zooms past, squeaking and shooting blue sparks. The doors fly open, and the greyhounds burst onto the track in a blur of acceleration. Their paws toss sand in the air as they gallop around the oval for 30 seconds, hitting speeds of up to 45 miles an hour.

Derby Lane, which opened in 1925, was once hailed as the Churchill Downs of greyhound racing. Back when the dogs were running last year, you could still get a hint of the glamour and excitement of the track’s glory days in the 20th century. Back then, the stands would be packed with fans in suits and hats. Babe Ruth and entertainer Sophie Tucker were visitors. Joe DiMaggio once left Marilyn Monroe in an idling car while he ran inside to place his bets.

Derby Lane was America’s oldest continuously operating greyhound racetrack, but in December 2020 it headed for its final stretch. Two years earlier, Florida had more greyhound tracks than any other state—11 out of 17 nationwide. By the end of 2020, it was down to three, with about 2,000 dogs still racing. Now those tracks are closed too.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

In 2018 Florida’s voters had the chance to approve a constitutional amendment—Amendment 13—to ban betting on greyhounds as of December 31, 2020. The racing industry bet on Floridians rejecting the amendment, but it passed by a wide margin, owing mostly to the growing national concern over the mistreatment of animals in the entertainment field, such as circuses.

Derby Lane’s last race was scheduled for December 27. Davis, a slender man with dreadlocks and a quick smile, was one of scores of employees whose future was uncertain. He’d been at the track for 14 years and considered it his ideal job.

“I love dogs,” Davis said, “and I love being outside.”

He was not the only Derby Lane employee wondering what would happen next.

“It’s a shame to have to shut down after 95 years,” said CEO Richard Winning, 64. His family has owned Derby Lane since it opened in 1925. With the Florida tracks closed, he warned, tracks elsewhere undoubtedly would follow. “In 20 years, will anyone even remember what greyhound racing was?”

This is the one thing on which he agrees with Carey Theil, whose Massachusetts-based advocacy group Grey2K USA spearheaded the drive for Amendment 13: Shut down Florida’s tracks, and there goes the industry.

“Florida really was the industry,” Theil says.

The gray-bearded Winning is a born storyteller. He started at the track 45 years ago, collecting half-dollars from the turnstiles. He remembers when the regulars included rakish gamblers named “the Flicker” and “Champagne Tony,” the track restaurant served a 37-ounce prime rib, and a live band played between races.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Winning says greyhounds are the only dog breed in the Bible. That’s sort of true. The King James Version of Proverbs 30:29-31 cites them as “comely in going.” (Scholars say the original Hebrew refers to Afghan hounds or salukis.) The king’s translators knew about greyhounds because of a then popular sport called coursing, in which two greyhounds race to catch a rabbit. Queen Elizabeth I loved it—hence greyhound racing’s nickname, the “sport of queens.”

Dog racing as we know it today originated with an American inventor named Owen P. Smith, who was moved by the grim deaths of the rabbits to come up with an alternative. Smith’s idea was to replace the live rabbit with a mechanical one. In 1910 he secured a patent for what he called the Inanimate Hare Conveyor.

“Nobody in the history of any sport brought about a change comparable to that worked by the inventor of the device, and yet no inventor in sports history is so little known,” Sports Illustrated commented in 1973.

Smith and two partners also designed the first modern greyhound track, the Blue Star Amusement Company, which opened in 1919 outside Oakland, California. It failed, as did several others, because it didn’t allow betting. Gambling, while popular, was illegal.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. 1 / 6 1 / 6 <p>In 1950, thousands of fans would gather at Derby Lane to watch the races from the grandstands.</p> In 1950, thousands of fans would gather at Derby Lane to watch the races from the grandstands. Photograph courtesy of Derby Lane Archives

The first successful track, the Miami Kennel Club, was one Smith and his partners opened in 1922 in a swampy Florida locale known as Humbuggus. It was so close to the Everglades that the owners employed a snake catcher to snag stray reptiles. The key to its success was the use of electric lights, according to Gwyneth Anne Thayer, author of Going to the Dogs, a book on greyhound racing and its place in popular culture. Lights meant that races could be run at night, when working people could attend. Amid Florida’s 1920s land boom, thousands of new residents sought evening entertainment. (The track later was converted to horse racing and renamed Hialeah Park.)

In 1925, on the other side of the state, Derby Lane opened under a cloud. The partners who built it ran out of money, so lumber magnate T.L. Weaver, Winning’s great-grandfather, took possession. He grew beans in the infield, track historian Louise Weaver says. Between races, he once had monkeys ride the dogs, their uniforms sewn to the greyhounds’ blankets so they couldn’t escape and the dogs couldn’t buck them off.

Although betting was illegal, the tracks “did something sneaky,” Winning said. “They sold shares in the dogs.” Winners would get a “dividend.” Losers would not. Other tracks ran “on the fix”—meaning they’d keep operating until raided and open again once the coast was clear.

In 1931, with the Great Depression bankrupting local governments, Florida legislators passed a bill to legalize and tax betting on the races. Governor Doyle Carlton, a devout Baptist, opposed it. Years later, he said gamblers offered him $100,000 to sign the bill. Instead, he vetoed it. State senators overrode his veto, making Florida the first state to legalize betting on dog races. Dog tracks then popped up in Tampa (1932), Orlando and Jacksonville (1935), Pensacola (1946), and Key West (1953).

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: A newly adopted greyhound explores her new home. She was placed through GST's Sun State Greyhound Adoption, which is working to find homes for the hundreds of dogs needing homes once the track closes in December.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Greyhound racing became part of Florida’s sun-and-fun image. Mickey Mantle filmed a cigarette commercial at Derby Lane. Boxing champs and movie stars hung out at the tracks. The 1959 movie A Hole in the Head shows Frank Sinatra betting on Miami dog races.

Florida can be a sunny place full of shady people. The money involved in dog racing attracted plenty of them. Winning recalls Tampa mobster Santo Trafficante, Jr.’s minions placing bets at Derby Lane. Some mafiosi were more than customers. Charles “Lucky” Luciano and Meyer Lansky held an interest in South Florida dog tracks, says Scott Deitche, author of seven books on the Mafia.

Mob involvement sparked rumors about fixed races. Bettors said dogs were overfed to slow them down, or their toes cinched up with rubber bands to hamper their ability to run, or they were drugged to make them faster or slower.

Doping remained a problem into dog racing’s last years. In 2017 state officials revoked a Derby Lane trainer’s license because five of his greyhounds tested positive for cocaine, a stimulant. Months later, a trainer at another Florida track was suspended after a dozen dogs tested positive. In the two years that followed, state officials say, 11 more trainers’ dogs tested positive.

Doping has been just one of racing opponents’ concerns. Grey2K has spent nearly 20 years compiling reports on the welfare of racing greyhounds. It contends that even standard industry practices constitute mistreatment. It says dogs are forced to race under conditions that can cause serious injuries, such as broken legs and backs, fractured skulls and spines, and even electrocution by the lure. Another concern is what becomes of dogs that aren’t racing. In 1952 the Greyhound Racing Record said 30 percent of greyhounds bred for racing would compete, leaving open the fate of the other 70 percent. Dogs that do race stop being competitive around four years old. Grey2K has collected a raft of stories about greyhounds being euthanized or sold to laboratories. To address those concerns, in 1987 the industry formed the American Greyhound Council to set up adoption agencies and study what’s best for the dogs. Two of the worst scandals occurred in the 2000s, however.

In 2002 a former Pensacola track guard was arrested after authorities discovered that he’d killed 1,000 to 3,000 greyhounds and buried them on his property in Alabama. He said he’d been paid $10 each for shooting them. A prosecutor called the guard’s property a “Dachau for dogs,” according to a story in the New York Times. The guard died before he could be tried. In 2010 a trainer at a track in the Florida town of Ebro left dozens of dogs to die after the racing season ended. He pleaded guilty to cruelty, drawing a five-year sentence.

The scandals cut into greyhound racing’s popularity at a time when the public’s concern for animal welfare was rising. Meanwhile, new competing gambling operations—the Seminole and Miccosukee Tribes’ casinos and the Florida Lottery—lured customers from dog tracks.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: Greyhounds in a daily matinee race at Derby Lane chase the mechanical lure around the oval track, a pursuit that’s over in just 30 seconds. Between races, a tractor emerges to smooth the sand down flat again to minimize injuries—a point of contention between the racing industry and critics who urged voters to ban the sport.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: Farmer holds award plaques for “America’s Top Sprinter” in 2008 and “America’s Top Distance Dog” in 2015. He keeps his cache of awards and mementoes in an overflowing Tupperware container.

The fans who remained skewed older. In 2001 Steven Soderbergh filmed a scene for Ocean’s Eleven at Derby Lane that featured George Clooney and Brad Pitt recruiting a man for their robbery scheme. Their target, Carl Reiner, then 79, fit in perfectly with the graying greyhound crowd.

In the track’s final days, its typical fan was Jim Wickert, 77, a retired golf course owner who since 2003 had shown up at Derby Lane twice a week in his tan Orvis fedora. He said he enjoyed the challenge of handicapping the dogs’ chances.

“I like trying to figure them out,” he said. “I don’t bet big, but it’s still exciting when you do figure things out and they run the way you think they should.”

He was unsure what he’d do once the track closed. Nothing else seemed as exciting.

Some people got into racing because they love greyhounds. Trainer and kennel owner John Farmer, a Klamath Tribe member from Oregon, said he fell in love with the breed when he was 11 and his mother let him watch races at Multnomah Greyhound Park. Now 55, he carries mementos of his winning dogs in an overflowing Tupperware container.

Greyhounds are affectionate animals, not particularly high-strung, said longtime veterinarian Donald Beck. In his time at Derby Lane, Beck said he was never bitten—but he had been scratched by excited dogs jumping on him.

When Winning recalls racing champions, one stands out: Keefer, the dog that won Derby Lane’s 1986 Distance Classic. That race drew 12,779 people—the largest crowd in track history. By 2020 Saturday races drew maybe a thousand.

The money brought in by live greyhound racing in its final decade dropped from $117 million a year to less than $40 million. At Derby Lane, it fell from $12 million to $4.3 million.

The industry tried to adapt, winning legislative approval in 1996 for poker rooms and for simulcasting, which lets bettors wager on races elsewhere. The poker rooms remained packed. After dog racing ended, simulcast races drew some fans. But they couldn’t save the dog tracks.

For a decade, Grey2K tried to persuade Florida legislators to reform greyhound racing, to no avail. Finally, the group appealed to the state’s Constitution Revision Commission, which meets every two decades, and persuaded commissioners to support a proposal to end racing.

The organization and its allies spent three million dollars advocating for Amendment 13, Theil says, mostly for TV ads showing mistreated racing dogs. Two groups opposing the amendment spent just $534,000 in response. One of the groups’ ads accused Grey2K of exaggerating the danger.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“The vast majority of the dogs are well trained, well treated, and well loved,” said Jack Cory, of the Florida Greyhound Association. He called Grey2K “pathological liars.”

Yet the industry drew little support beyond its fan base. Nearly 70 percent of the voters said yes to the amendment.

Besides the track employees losing jobs, the shutdown affected trainers and kennel owners. Farmer, for example, said he would relocate to West Virginia, one of the three remaining states (along with Iowa and Arkansas) that still have consistent racing seasons.

Grey2K USA is working to have racing banned in those states and in Australia, Ireland, Mexico, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and Vietnam.

Greyhound adoption agencies set about finding homes for the Florida dogs that were still racing as of December 2020. One of those organizations was GST’s Sun State Greyhound Adoption, run by Sharon Dippel. She and her husband, Brian, have eight adopted dogs themselves. They go through a couple of 44-pound bags of dog food every 10 days or so.

Dippel said plenty of people lined up to adopt dogs. It helped that Florida’s tracks didn’t shut down simultaneously. Some closed shortly after the 2018 vote, others in early 2020 because of COVID-19.

As pets, greyhounds still like to run when they get outdoors, even without a mechanical device to chase, Dippel said. But when they get back indoors?

“They’re a 45-mile-per-hour couch potato.”

ADOPTING A GREYHOUND: There are about 300 greyhound adoption agencies in the U.S. There are about 300 greyhound adoption agencies in the U.S. The Greyhound Project maintains a searchable directory. If you adopt a greyhound racer, remember it has been trained to run. You may have to teach the dog some basics. Also, it likely will be unfamiliar with other dog breeds or pets, such as cats, and will need time to get used to them.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Craig Pittman is the author of five books on Florida, his native state, and cohost of the Erika Larsen documents cultures that maintain close ties with nature. is the author of five books on Florida, his native state, and cohost of the “Welcome to Florida” podcast.documents cultures that maintain close ties with nature.

This story was updated on February 9, 2021.