There is an invisible web that spans our planet―a shifting network present in every kind of terrestrial habitat, in our oceans and rivers and air. These are the migration patterns woven by billions of animals as part of their life cycles, driven by the changing seasons, the need for optimal climate conditions, the search for food, and the urge to reproduce. These migration routes can be less than a mile or longer than 25,000 miles. From birds to butterflies, whales to wildebeest, dragonflies to salmon, migration is a fundamental trait of many of Earth’s animals―including humans.

Scientists are learning more and more about the complex factors that influence these migrations. Animal migrations are adaptive responses to natural changes in the environment. They are often seasonal, and follow time-worn routes to places more hospitable for feeding or reproducing. But now human activities that include widespread development and increased carbon emissions are affecting the environment and ecosystems, hastening climate change―and impacting animal migration behavior.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“Migrations everywhere are changing. Eight billion people living on Earth are triggering many of these changes,” says National Geographic photographer Lucas Foglia. Foglia is in the middle of a long-term art project tracking the multigenerational migration of the painted lady butterfly (Vanessa cardui) from Ethiopia to Israel and England to Switzerland. He’s interested in drawing parallels between the butterflies’ behavior and our own. “Wherever they go, I photograph what they see on their journey.” That journey is nothing short of epic. These brightly patterned butterflies, often overshadowed by their famous cousins, the monarchs (Danaus plexippus), are constantly migrating, covering an enormous territory from sub-Saharan Africa to the Arctic Circle.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

A butterfly might emerge from a chrysalis in Ethiopia and begin its journey north, crossing the Sahara―and even the Mediterranean, given that a butterfly can cover 2,500 miles in one leg. Its progeny might continue up through southern and northern Europe all the way to Scandinavia―and back again. Perhaps a year later, its sixth-generation descendant will land on a flower not far from where that first butterfly started out. The butterflies breed and move nonstop―responding to the conditions around them―flying on favorable winds and drawn by pollinating flowers. “They follow patterns of opportunity that we don’t fully understand,” says Foglia. Recent research has shown that the numbers of butterflies undertaking the annual migration can fluctuate by a hundredfold and more, depending on weather and its consequences for crops and wildflowers.

It’s not just human-caused climate change that affects the butterflies’ movements either―it’s the changes humans have wrought on the land itself. “Painted lady butterflies have been migrating since before people dominated the landscape,” says Foglia. “Now they drink nectar from gardens and farmlands, city parks and highway borders.”

What’s not clear is how all these changes will affect the painted lady migration over the coming decades. “As climate continues to change, will they stop migrating? Will they migrate farther? Or will they migrate less? Will they change completely their migration routes? We don’t know. It is a mystery,” says butterfly geneticist Aurora García-Berro Navarro. And any changes that do occur will have consequences for other species, too, of course.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“What happens to the smallest species ricochets across the food web,” says Foglia. “In my photographs, the painted lady butterflies link diverse people in diverse places. They are a metaphor both for the interconnected world and our responsibility to care for it.”

Modern human transport networks present a different order of complexity with their own economic and social drivers. But moving goods and people around the world leaves a considerable carbon footprint―which exacerbates the climate impacts affecting animal migrations.

It’s estimated that the transport sector accounts for around 25 percent of global CO 2 emissions―and demand is expected to grow over the coming decades. Decarbonizing our transport networks is a priority if we’re to mitigate the worst impacts of climate change. The journey toward establishing net-zero transport networks is also a multigenerational one, with less than 30 years remaining to achieve the 2050 global net-zero emissions target set at the 2015 Paris Climate Agreement to keep global warming below 1.5 degrees Celsius.

DHL is one of the biggest global logistics and international shipping companies in the world. The German transnational has committed to reaching net-zero emissions by 2050 across its entire operation. As DHL’s Senior Vice President for Strategy and Operation Programs, Andreas Mündel is very much focused on achieving this goal.

“If you think about these complex networks, all of those elements come with footprints, be it the warehouse, the consolidation hub or the transport―you have to address all at the same time,” Mündel explains. “So, we build carbon neutral warehouses, we are a frontrunner in sustainable fuels [that have] a significantly reduced CO 2 footprint, we’ve electrified 24,000 vehicles on our last mile, and we plan to electrify two-thirds of our fleet by 2030.”

While the switch to electric ground vehicles is well underway, decarbonizing aviation is much more challenging, according to Mündel. Sustainable aviation fuels (SAFs) made from waste fats, oils, and grease are a first step―but new approaches are needed. “The next thing is already on the horizon―emission-free electric flying,” he says.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: The Eviation Alice is billed as the world’s first clean-sheet, all-electric design aircraft, and is capable of covering 250 nautical miles while carrying loads of up to 2,500 pounds―emissions free. Photograph courtesy of Eviation

Once a pipe dream, the prospect of a viable electric cargo plane is now a reality. The Alice aircraft, developed by the Israeli-founded, U.S.-based company Eviation, has lithium ion batteries built into its fuselage and tail, and is designed to cover distances of 250 nautical miles. DHL ordered 12 of these aircraft in 2021, with delivery expected in 2027. “We believe that this is the first step of a series of innovations that are necessary to take the aviation industry to carbon zero,” says Mündel. These aircraft could be deployed across domestic and regional territories―equivalent to DHL’s last-mile vehicles on the ground.

Intercontinental travel will require a different solution, says Mündel: “The future generation is called Power to Liquid … a fully carbon-neutral fuel.” Power to Liquid (PtL) are synthetically produced liquid hydrocarbon fuels made using renewable electricity, water, and CO 2 extracted from the air itself, creating a closed loop cycle.

“I studied physics,” Mündel added. “And this is an unbelievably fascinating topic for a physicist: How can you decarbonize such a complex system? I think that is something that I do for my children. That is something that I do to save the planet … I think that’s the biggest motivation, actually, that you can have.”

Find out more about Moving Stories in a Changing World.Buckets of rain and snow are battering California. The culprit? Atmospheric rivers.

The rains were born far away, deep in the tropical Pacific, where water evaporated from the warm ocean surface and fizzed into the atmosphere. The drenched air parcel flow then moved sinuously along, an “atmospheric river” winding its way toward land. When that wet air hit a coast—in this case the West Coast of the U.S.—it unleashed torrents of water.

What is an atmospheric river?

“You need two ingredients for an atmospheric river,” says Daniel Swain, a climate scientist at the University of California, Los Angeles. “A plume of really concentrated moisture in the atmosphere and strong, fast winds to move it around.”

The concentrated moisture comes from the ocean. Warm oceans evaporate water into the atmosphere, and winds and storms concentrate that water vapor into long, narrow, speedy trains of extra-wet air. Then, big global winds in the lower few miles of the atmosphere accelerate those amped-up, stretched-out, water-rich versions of normal storms.

The sky-borne rivers can stretch for thousands of miles. In 2017, an enormous atmospheric river 5,000 miles long slammed into the Pacific Northwest , dumping over two inches of rain on the region over a few days. Most aren't that massive, though—the average atmospheric river is about 500 miles wide and 1,200 miles long.

They transport huge volumes of water around the world, carrying it along as vapor and cloud droplets. In an average atmospheric river, about 25 times as much water flows through the air high overhead as through the Mississippi River—and on any given day, about three or four are either developing or flowing through the sky in each hemisphere.

“In a way, they're actually the biggest rivers on earth,” says Marty Ralph, a researcher at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in La Jolla, California, who been studying the phenomena for years. “They're just in the air instead of on the ground.”

All in all, more than 90 percent of the water that gets moved around Earth's midlatitudes—its midsection, where most of the world's population lives—gets transported via these sinuous sky streams. "They play this really key role in bringing moist tropical and subtropical air into the drier mid-latitudes," says Nina Oakley, an atmospheric scientist at the Desert Research Institute in Reno.

Atmospheric rivers are everywhere: They've dumped record-breaking snow on East Antarctica, driven flooding in Europe, and caused rivers to spill their banks in Australia. Particularly strong ones can hold together and cross the entire North American continent, dumping snow and rain all the way from the West Coast to the East. Gulf of Mexico- and Atlantic-brewed atmospheric rivers often feed into heavy rain and snow of winter nor'easters across the Eastern U.S.

Some atmospheric river pathways are so well-known that they have their own affectionate names. The "Pineapple Express," for example, speeds tropical Pacific moisture from around Hawaii toward the west coast of the U.S.

The damp sponge effect

The water vapor locked up in an atmospheric river will stay just that—vapor—until something comes along to squeeze it out of the air as rain or snow. Often, that trigger is the edge of a continent: along the west coast of North and South America, for instance, atmospheric rivers crash into mountains, which forces the sodden air masses higher into the atmosphere. As they get forced upward into colder air, the water vapor gets squeezed out—and falls out of the sky as rain or snow. Any cold air can trigger that squeeze-out, though.

“These saturated plumes of air are like a damp sponge,” says Swain, “and a mountain range or a storm system is like a hand wringing that sponge out.”

California gets somewhere between 25 to 50 percent of all its annual precipitation from atmospheric rivers. Often, that's good news—the events have ended droughts, refilled reservoirs, and greened rolling hills. When the precipitation falls as snow in the high mountains, it acts as a kind of long-term water storage system, melting in the spring and summer when the state is parched. But when it comes down as rain, the effects can be devastating, causing floods, mudslides, dam breaches, and more.

The kinds of extreme, destructive rain events that have made news in California over the past few years are not alone: atmospheric rivers are at play in up to half of the most intense, extreme rain storms experienced across the planet.

In February 2019, a group of researchers introduced a new system to classify the strength of these atmospheric rivers, sort of like the way hurricanes are categorized with the Safford-Simpson scale. The scale looks at how much water the air moves around over time—the “Integrated water vapor transport,” or IVT, measures how much water vapor flows past a point at any given time—and the scale also takes into account how long the river stalls out on top of a place. Then, it assigns the river a number from zero (not an atmospheric river) to five (a very, very wet one). The most recent deluge in Northern California, says Ralph, was somewhere between a three and a four on the scale where the worst of the flooding took place, near the Russian River.

Atmospheric rivers and the warming climate

Air temperatures have ticked upward by about one degree Celsius, or about two degrees Fahrenheit, over the last century—and they're expected to rise by more than that by the end of the century. With warmer air comes wetter air: toastier temperatures evaporate more water from the ocean. On top of that, air can hold about seven percent more water vapor for each degree warmer it gets. So scientists expect that in a hotter future, atmospheric rivers will get correspondingly wetter and stronger.The high seas are a vast no-man’s land of ungoverned ocean.

Every country has jurisdiction over the waters extending 200 nautical miles from the shore, their Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ). Beyond the EEZs lie international waters—and more than two thirds of the world’s ocean.

These uninhabited waters are rarely seen by people, but they’re teeming with life. More than 10 million species are found in the high seas, and millions of mysterious creatures unknown to science lie in its depths.

That’s why a new United Nations (UN) treaty from March 2023 aims to govern the ungovernable, outlining how the world's countries could collectively protect a swath of ocean covering half the Earth’s surface.

Filled with underwater volcanoes and hidden species, traversed by pirates and outlaws—the high seas are unlike anywhere else on Earth.

1. Modern-day pirates roam the high seas

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Piracy is not a crime of the past. Today, it looks more like armed robbery or kidnapping for ransom according to Interpol, an international police organization, than it does Hollywood-style swashbuckling. Every year, modern-day pirates collect millions in ransoms. Less commonly, modern-day pirates hijack ships.

Over 90 percent of the things we make and sell are transported by sea, and piracy occurs both close to shore and on the high seas. In 2020, there were 195 incidents of maritime piracy reported to the International Maritime Bureau.

And pirates are not the only criminals seen on the high seas. Drugs and people are trafficked in these waters, chemicals and other types of waste are illegally dumped there, and fish are illegally taken out of the water.

Some evading laws on the high seas have more altruistic aims. On board a vessel, crew follow the laws of the country their ship flies under, which is how the Dutch nonprofit Women on Waves provides abortion care to women living in countries where the procedure is outlawed.

2. The undiscovered depths offer mysteries for the imagination

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Underwater mountain ranges, deep trenches, canyons, and hydrothermal vents are all found in the deep sea and are home to fish, whales, turtles, and corals. And while there are many species that scientists know live or migrate through the high seas, life here is largely a mystery. As many as 500,000 to 10 million species are thought to live, unknown to people, in the ocean.

Only a tiny fraction of the high seas has been studied by scientists. And the greatest mysteries may lie in the hardest to reach habitats.

For example, deep-sea corals are common here. The oldest-known living organism in the world, an 8,500-year-old coral, can be found in international waters.

And some of these undiscovered species have medicinal value. Compounds found in deep-sea sponges are being tested for their ability to fight cancer and chronic health conditions.

Currently, less than one percent of the high seas is protected, but the UN’s new treaty allows countries to collectively create marine protected areas (MPAs) that can protect portions of the high seas from overfishing and shipping lanes.

3. Fishing there is a source of passionate controversy

Fishing has been described as one of the world’s most dangerous jobs, and whether it should be allowed on the high seas at all is hotly debated.

A study from 2018 showed fishing on the high seas was unprofitable, just over half of it propped up by government subsidies. About 3,600 vessels are estimated to fish on the high seas, just six percent of all fishing activity. But fishing here has a disproportionate impact on sustainability and human rights. Fishing vessels often use a method called deep-sea bottom trawling where huge nets scoop up everything in their path—commercially sold fish, but also coral reefs and rare or threatened marine animals.

Some countries, China for example, use the high seas to compensate for the lack of fish in their own depleted waters. Scientists estimate that about 70 percent of fish in countries’ waters spend some of their life in the high seas, and one study published in 2015 found that if the high seas were closed to fishing, nearby fish stocks in EEZs might benefit from large fish populations spilling over into their territory. The effect could potentially increase commercial fish in territorial waters by 18 percent.

(Learn more about overfishing.)

4. They are the site of serious crimes

Thousands of miles from land, the high seas provide cover for crimes like forced labor and murder.

A New York Times investigation published in 2015 recounted stories of violence, enslavement, harsh punishments, and worse for laborers often tricked into working aboard fishing vessels and detained for years. Fishing boats on the high seas use ships called long-haul vessels. They park over open ocean for months to years and are resupplied by ships that deliver supplies and pick up caught fish, allowing the parked vessel to hide from oversight.

Another investigation published in 2019 by the Associated Press found many of these fish caught by slave labor end up eaten in the U.S.

Labor activists and law enforcement have begun using satellites to monitor ships on the high seas for suspicious behavior consistent with forced labor practices.

5. They provide valuable carbon sequestration

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Marine life like plankton and algae are responsible for storing vast amounts of carbon dioxide emissions in the high seas. Every year they draw 1.5 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere, according to a report published in 2014.

That same report suggested that the high seas pull so much carbon out of the air, it’s worth an estimated $148 billion dollars. Since that carbon is absorbed by plants and animals that store carbon in their bodies or transfer it to the seafloor, some scientists think all fishing on the high seas should be banned.In the depths of the Indonesian rainforest, a cell phone nestles against a tree trunk—listening. The phone is not lost, quite the opposite. Incongruous but invaluable, the phone is part of a network of devices placed throughout the forest to listen for the telltale sounds of illegal logging. Amidst the rustle of leaves, the scampering of critters, and the steady drip of moisture, the sound of a lorry or chainsaw is an alarm bell that can bring forest rangers hurrying to the scene. It’s just one of the ways that technology is helping conservationists in the fight to protect wildlife and the planet.

The advance of technology is often seen as a risk for the environment: From the invention of the plough to carve the landscape, through the industrial revolution, to the electronic age’s thirst for Earth’s limited resources. But amidst the growing concern for the plight of animals and the environment, technology is coming to the rescue. A recent survey of conservationists highlighted how much they valued technological tools to help monitor, protect, and alleviate the damage being done—and how optimistic they were that advances in technology could play an even greater role in conservation.

In the savannah, a rare black rhino stirs up the dust as it strides through the bush towards a watering hole. It follows a well-beaten path and is oblivious to the hidden camera capturing its image. Camera traps are among conservation’s most widely deployed technologies, using infrared sensors to detect a “warm” animal crossing their path and trigger the digital photograph or video. The striking images they capture are often used to promote conservation, but they also deliver candid insights into the lives of animals. The data collected from camera traps, often operating remotely for months, provides crucial details on the location, population, and behavior of a species, helping conservationists understand when, where, and how to help them.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Orbiting in the silence of space, an Earth observation satellite shows the world from a different angle with a single shot capturing 1,930 square miles (5,000 sq km) in astonishing detail. Powerful computers analyze these epic images to count individual species and track their movement across vast areas. Satellite images also help monitor the health of ecosystems, detecting droughts, floods, and changes to the landscape, while spotting wildfires and deforestation in time to minimize the damage. Flying closer to the ground, drones carrying Lidar use light pulses from lasers to build a 3D picture of an area. Able to spot erosion, assess flood risk, estimate carbon stocks, and even establish a habitat’s suitability to support wildlife, Lidar is proving an invaluable tool for monitoring environmental change at scale.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

From the carving of an ice shelf to the buzz of a forest floor, nature is noisy. These sounds can be recorded and analyzed to help tell the story of an ecosystem. Discrete and relatively inexpensive, acoustic sensors can identify species, their numbers, composition, and behaviors, and are increasingly used to study endangered species and to understand how animals use a habitat. Along with tagging and tracking, especially of marine mammals like whales, these conservation technologies are making a real difference. But technology never stands still and with innovation comes the prospect of even more powerful tools. Two of the most promising are networked sensors and AI.

From a photographic plate, to a roll of film, to a digital SD card, camera traps have long relied on their data being physically retrieved. Networked sensors change that. They connect camera traps, acoustic sensors, tracking devices, and more to the internet—making their data immediately accessible from anywhere. This isn’t easy as most devices operate far from standard cellular or internet coverage, but it’s worth the effort. Real-time data not only helps counter imminent threats—the crack of a poacher’s gun or the revving of a logger’s chainsaw—but also gives conservationists eyes and ears on the ground eyes in a way that lets them build a more comprehensive picture of animal behavior.

To extract useful information from this ever increasing volume of data, conservationists are turning to AI. This can quickly and accurately analyze conservation data, identifying a rare species from among thousands of images, or picking out a particular animal sound from the hubbub of a forest recording—making the process more efficient and the data more useful. AI can also be taught to look for specific individuals, identifying a particular bear through facial recognition or a particular whale by comparing the shape of its fluke to a global database. AI can even use algorithms to help predict the movement of animals and the behavior of poachers. In fact, AI can be taught to detect almost anything—that’s something technology services company Capgemini is using to great effect.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

In the heat of the Mojave Desert, the roar of a petrol engine shatters the stillness and sends creatures scurrying for cover. Recreational use of this vast landscape is encouraged—special trails have been created for off-roaders to enjoy—but human activity needs to be carefully monitored to preserve the environment. The few who break the rules, deliberately carving out their own off-road tracks, are upsetting the delicate balance of the ecosystem: It’s important to quickly find them and stop them. However, the desert’s size and dry conditions make the illegal tracks challenging to spot with the naked eye, even when using satellite imagery. Capgemini is bringing the power of AI to the rescue.

Capgemini partners with companies and organizations to transform their activities by harnessing the power of technology. Working with the Nevada chapter of The Nature Conservancy, Capgemini is working on a solution to enable teams on the ground to determine which areas of the desert are in most urgent need of intervention. They started by identifying indicators of landscape and ecosystem degradation in a key region of the Mojave, looking for patterns in pixels of the aerial imagery. They then developed AI algorithms to remotely detect and highlight these indicators. The Capgemini-developed solution uses geospatial AI, computer vision, and advanced deep learning to study aerial imagery and identify new off-road trails, making it possible to cross-reference these with environmental data, such as the nesting sites of protected species, to identify the areas where intervention should be prioritized. Armed with this information, the Nature Conservancy will be better equipped to support its partners in protecting priority areas—using technology to maximize their conservation efforts.

From AI in the Mojave Desert to camera traps in the savannah, satellites in space, and cell phones strapped to trees, conservationists have an ever-growing range of technologies at their disposal. Deploying them could be crucial. Late last year, a supercomputer using new scientific modelling predicted that around a quarter of all animal and plant species could be extinct by the end of this century. Action has never been more urgent, and technology could well be the decisive tool that helps preserve life on Earth.As California digs itself out from staggering accumulations of snowfall, there has been a pressing question in the minds of many: Could the near-record levels of snow be enough to fill the state’s reservoirs and break the drought that has long strangled the region?

That depends on something called snowpack, which is essential to refilling the state’s reservoirs. And, indeed, snowpack in the Sierra Nevada mountains is creeping toward record levels, Karla Nemeth, director of the California Department of Water Resources, said in a statement. But, she added, “it will also take more than one good year to begin recovery.”

(The drought in the western U.S. could last until 2030. Here's why.)

So what exactly is snowpack, and why do the millions of people who live in the West depend on it? Here’s what you need to know.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

What is snowpack?

Snowpack is just what it sounds like: Layers of snow that are packed together on the ground. This occurs when snow falls in mountainous areas with below-freezing temperatures, allowing it to accumulate on the ground and stick around for months at a time. With each fresh dusting of powder, it becomes deeper and more compact.

When temperatures begin to rise, the snowpack begins to slowly melt—steadily filling surrounding rivers, reservoirs, and groundwater aquifers throughout the spring and summer months. This water that was stored within the snowpack is called snowmelt.

Temperature and wind play a role in how deep snowpack can get: Strong winds can erode the top layers while higher temperatures can cause it to melt too early in the season. (More on that in a bit.)

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Why is it important?

States in the West rely on snowpack to get them through the hot and dry season that’s only getting hotter and drier with climate change. The Sierra snowpack, for example, supplies about a third of California’s water, while the Rockies are essential water sources for states such as Arizona and New Mexico.

And it doesn’t just impact drinking water. These states also depend on snowpack for hydropower and irrigation to grow fruits, nuts, and other produce.

(How dusty snow is making the western drought worse.)

Nature also depends on snowpack, according to the Yale School of the Environment. Wolverines, for example, build their dens high in the mountains where the snowpack is too dense for predators to follow. Snow cover provides insulation for tree root systems to protect them from freezing above-ground temperatures, and it offers camouflage for animals with white coats. Changes to the timing or abundance of snowmelt can also disrupt fish spawning.

Finally, humans also rely on it for recreation. Avid skiers and snowboarders often keep track of how much snowpack has accumulated on their favorite slopes because deeper snowpack can prolong skiing season—while particularly shallow snowpack can create avalanche conditions.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: Cattle gather around a pond on a ranch in Snelling, California, in May 2021, as the state entered an extreme drought emergency. Climate change is driving a decline in snowpack levels across the state, and contributing to drought conditions. Photograph by Justin Sullivan, Getty Images

Climate change and snowpack

Despite occasionally epic snow seasons, climate change is driving a decline in snowpack in the U.S. From 1955 to 2022, snowpack declined by about 23 percent, according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Those declines are particularly prominent in Washington State, Oregon, Northern California, and the northern Rockies.

Warming temperatures in the winter and spring are also causing the snow to melt earlier than it did in the past. The EPA notes that the length of “snowpack season,” as it’s called, has decreased by 18 days on average. This shift means that the runoff from the snowmelt doesn’t last for as long into the summer as it once did—leaving the reservoirs to dry up again.

(The science connecting wildfires to climate change.)

Beyond drought, this has other implications for the West. Studies show that earlier snowmelt leads to more wildfires and longer wildfire seasons. As Nat Geo has previously reported, that’s because it gives plants and soil more time to dry out—making them more susceptible to burning.Every year, weather forecasters welcome the arrival of spring on the first of March—while others contend that the spring really begins a few weeks later with the equinox, which falls on March 19, 20, 21. So who is right about when the seasons begin and end?

It depends on why you’re asking. Seasons are defined in two ways: astronomical seasons, which are based on Earth’s position as it rotates around the sun, and meteorological seasons, which are based on annual temperature cycles. Both divide the year into spring, summer, fall, and winter—yet with slightly different start and end dates for each. Here’s what they mean and how to tell them apart.

Astronomical seasons

People have always looked to the skies to determine the season. Ancient Rome was the first to officially mark those seasons with the introduction of the Julian calendar. Back then, the seasons began on different days than the modern era because of discrepancies with the Gregorian calendar used primarily today. Now, the start of each astronomical season is marked by either an equinox or a solstice.

Equinoxes are when Earth’s day is split almost in half. They occur every six months in the spring and fall, when Earth’s orbit and its axial tilt combine so that the sun sits directly above the Equator. On an equinox, roughly half the planet is light while the other half is dark. As the new season progresses, the sun’s position continues to change—and, depending which hemisphere you live in, the days will get progressively lighter or darker until the arrival of the solstice.

Solstices mark the brightest and darkest days of the year. They are also driven by Earth’s tilt and mark the beginning of astronomical summer and winter. When the Northern Hemisphere is tilted toward the sun, it is brighter and feels like summer—while, at the same time, the Southern Hemisphere is tilted away from the sun, plunging it into a dark winter.

But this method of measuring the seasons presents some challenges. The solar year is approximately 365.2422 Earth days long, making it impossible for any calendar to perfectly sync with Earth’s rotation around the sun. As a result, astronomical seasons start on slightly different days and times each year—making it difficult to keep the climate statistics that are used in agriculture, commerce, and more. That’s why weather forecasters and climatologists turned to meteorological seasons instead.

Meteorological seasons

Since at least the 18th century, scientists have sought better methods of predicting growing seasons and other weather phenomena. Over time, that gave rise to the concept of meteorological seasons, which are more closely aligned with both annual temperatures and the civil calendar.

Meteorological seasons are far simpler than astronomical seasons. They divide the calendar year into four seasons that each last exactly three months and are based on the annual temperature cycle. Winter takes place during the coldest three months of the year, summer in the hottest three months, and spring and fall mark the remaining transition months.

In the Northern Hemisphere, that means the start date for each season is March 1 (spring), June 1 (summer), September 1 (fall), and December 1 (winter). In the Southern Hemisphere, the seasons are reversed; spring begins in September, summer in December, fall in March, and winter in June.

The consistency of meteorological seasons allows meteorologists to make the complex statistical calculations necessary to make predictions and compare seasons to one another. “Dealing with whole-month chunks of data rather than fractions of months was more economical and made more sense,” climatologist Derek Arndt told the Washington Post in 2014. “We organize our lives more around months than astronomical seasons, so our information follows suit.”

So when is the first day of spring? It isn’t March 1 or the spring equinox—it’s both.This ecosystem by many names—bogs, swamps, bayous, marshes, billabongs, fens, vernal pools, lagoons and other waterlogged fields and forests all fall under the broad wetland category. If water, salty or fresh, is present on top of or just below the soil, it’s a wetland. You’ll know you’re in a wetland when your shoe prints turn muddy and wet.

They make up just 6 percent of Earth’s surface. Despite their small footprint, wetlands have important jobs, providing fresh water and habitats, and fighting climate change.

Wetlands were historically considered wastelands. Many have been drained and filled in with sediment to become solid ground for structures like homes, highways, and businesses. But protecting these misunderstood environments can help wildlife thrive and protect us from a changing climate.

What are wetlands?

These diverse ecosystems are found on every continent except for Antarctica.

Generally, they’re divided into two categories: coastal or inland. Coastal wetlands are a mix of fresh and saltwater, a combination called brackish water. Wetlands here look like grassy salt marshes and mangrove forests.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Inland wetlands consist of vernal pools, woodland swamps, bogs, or waterlogged, grassy stretches near rivers and lakes. While many inland wetlands contain freshwater, some are salty, like this salt marsh in Nebraska that was once a prehistoric ocean. They occur as a result of rainy climates or groundwater gurgling up toward the surface. Some are seasonal, appearing only during rainy periods.

Protecting against floods and purifying water

Perpetually in limbo, wetlands are “transition zones” between dry land and water. During floods, they sponge up excess rainwater that would otherwise cause flooding and damage homes. One acre of wetland can store over one million gallons of flood water.

Since the 18th century, over 64 million acres of wetlands have been destroyed in the Upper Mississippi River Basin as a result of agricultural and urban development. The environmental loss contributed to the billion-dollar flood disaster that occurred in the region in 1993.

But wetland protection in the form of city parks and green spaces along the Charles River in Boston has prevented an estimated $17 million in potential flood damage, according to research done by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.

On the coast, wetlands help buffer the onslaught of storm surge pushed onto land by powerful storms like hurricanes.

When runoff contains pollutants like fertilizer sprayed on agriculture fields, wetlands are natural water filters that absorb these nutrients and prevent them from reaching lakes and rivers. Chemicals stuck to soil particles are slowed by wetland plants, suspended, and pollutants are locked in place by wetland plant roots.

The Congaree Bottomland Hardwood Swamp in South Carolina filters so much pollution every year, it would take a $5 million-dollar water filtration plant to filter the same amount, according to the EPA.

Supporting life

Well-known animal and plant species such as alligators, turtles, and snakes live in wetlands around the world. In North America, migratory birds use these habitats as pit-stops on their cross-country journeys. Of the 12 million waterfowl in the U.S., as many as two thirds reproduce in Midwestern wetlands.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

These ecosystems are important for humans, too. Their calm waters are breeding grounds for valuable fish and shellfish species like bass and oysters. Wetlands play a role in the life cycle of 75 percent of these commercially harvested species in the U.S.

Globally, two-thirds of all the fish we eat spend at least part of their life in a wetland. An estimated one billion people around the world depend on wetlands to support their livelihoods through activities such as fishing, rice farming, hunting, or tourism.

Fighting climate change

Once released, most greenhouse gasses stay in the atmosphere, warming the planet. But about 26 percent is absorbed by plants growing on land. These types of ecosystems are called carbon sinks, and they absorb millions of tons of carbon every year.

Wetlands are carbon sinks that, when destroyed, can become a major source of greenhouse gas emissions. Altogether, wetlands contain about a third of the world’s carbon, and when they’re degraded, the emissions locked in their soils are released.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Peatlands in particular are important to conserve if we want to prevent wetlands from becoming a source of atmospheric pollution. They occupy only 3 percent of Earth’s surface, but their waterlogged soils store twice as much carbon as the world’s forests—about 30 percent of all the carbon locked in the world’s soils. To degrade them would be to set off what some scientists have described as a “carbon bomb.”

(See the beauty of bogs in Argentina’s “Land of Fire.”)

What threats do wetlands face?

While wetlands are increasingly being recognized as important ecosystems, draining them for development is a practice that still continues today. In the U.S. alone about 80,000 acres of wetland are lost every year. Louisiana loses about a football field’s worth of marshland every hour.

In countries like Scotland and Argentina where peatlands are common, wetlands are destroyed when peat is dug up and burned for energy.

Invasive plant and animal species can also destroy wetland habitats. Beavers and nutria, a type of invasive rodent, damage wetlands by devouring plants that hold wetland soil together.

Wetlands in court

This year, the Supreme Court will rule on a case called Sackett v. EPA that could have profound consequences for how wetland protection is regulated in the U.S. In 2007, the EPA stopped the Sackett family from building their home because the agency said the property included a wetland that fed a nearby lake over which they have jurisdiction. To build their home, the family had to fill the land with sediment. The Sacketts sued the EPA in 2008, claiming their property was not wet enough to constitute a wetland.

The decision will be decided based on whether the Sackett's property included a wetland that significantly affected nearby federal waters. Wetlands that are more obviously connected to rivers, lakes, and coastlines tend to have more protections than those whose connections to navigable waters are less obvious—often wetlands that are not adjacent to a body of water or are seasonal.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Lawyers at EarthJustice, a law firm dedicated to environmental protection, say the Court’s decision could dramatically reduce how many wetlands are protected by the Clean Water Act.

What are we doing to protect them?

In 1971, world leaders met in the Iranian city of Ramsar to create a global treaty to protect wetlands—the Ramsar Convention on Wetlands. Currently, 171 countries have signed the treaty, but since it was signed into effect in 1971, more than a third of the world’s wetlands have been destroyed.

(In the Philippines, this tropical marsh is slipping away.)

In 2021, scientists published a paper arguing that wetlands should be granted legal rights because of their role in supporting life on Earth.

Private companies are also looking at wetlands as a source for carbon offsets, which allow individuals and businesses to theoretically “offset” their carbon emissions by contributing to the conservation or restoration of ecosystems that absorb their equivalent emissions.

Where wetlands are already destroyed, there are some ambitious projects hoping to bring them back to life.

The swampy mangrove forests of Miami Beach were destroyed 100 years ago, but the city plans to restore this ecosystem to limit shoreline erosion and prevent flooding. And in Louisiana, the state has an ambitious plan to allow rivers to retake their natural shape and dump river sediment into their southern marshes, helping rebuild the wetland coastline.

A report published by the Ramsar Convention says the world’s wetlands are still being lost at an alarming rate, but restoration and conservation projects offer hope that these ecosystems can be saved.You may have seen the headlines: Earlier this year, New York State became the sixth in the nation to legalize something called human composting. In 2022, Archbishop Desmond Tutu chose to be cremated not by flame, but by water, in a process called alkaline hydrolysis. In 2019, actor Luke Perry was buried in a “mushroom suit” made of cotton and seeded with mushroom spores. All were part of a push to make the afterlife more eco-friendly.

Death care has remained largely unchanged in the United States ever since embalming and burial became the de facto method as far back as the Civil War, says Caitlin Doughty, mortician and founder of death care advocacy nonprofit Order of the Good Death. Most people don’t even have access to other options: burials and cremation are the only methods that are legal in all 50 states.

Traditional burial methods harm the planet in various ways. Embalming slows the decay of a person’s body so that it’s presentable at a funeral—but after burial, the chemicals used for embalming leach into the ground. Caskets require enormous amounts of wood and metal, and cemeteries often build concrete vaults in the ground to protect them. Even cremation requires a lot of fuel, and generates millions of tons of carbon dioxide emissions a year.

Now, however, a variety of theoretically more sustainable death care alternatives are increasingly being offered around the country. Here’s what you need to know.

Green or natural burial

Green burials have been used as long as humans have been burying bodies. Both Native American and Jewish communities traditionally use green burials. But in recent generations, they have fallen out of fashion as people opted for more elaborate burials. Green or “simple” burials became more commonly used for the poor and wards of the state.

These are generally defined as burials using materials that are both nontoxic and biodegradable. In a typical green burial, the deceased is dressed in a 100 percent cotton shroud and buried in a plain pine box.

In some cases people choose to “become” a tree in death by having a tree planted over their plot. (However, the tree burial pods that kicked off this trend—in which bodies are wrapped in an egg-shaped pod that supposedly feeds the roots of a young tree—are not available for commercial use and it’s unclear if they are even viable.)

(In these cemeteries, nature also rests in peace.)

Almost every cemetery in the U.S. has an area reserved for green, or “simple” burials, according to Ed Bixby, president of the Green Burial Council (GBC), which helps educate and certify burial grounds meeting sustainability standards. On some burial properties, plots are marked via GPS and a natural stone marker—otherwise, the area is left to grow wild, becoming less like a cemetery and more like a nature preserve full of life.

Most families who choose natural burial also forgo embalming, often seeing the process as overly invasive, when refrigeration alone adequately preserves the body. Others opt for gentler embalming fluids made without formaldehyde, which are becoming increasingly available.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

But could these simple burials contribute to the spread of disease or pollution of the land? The data from existing research on traditional cemeteries “doesn't indicate that bodies are dangerous in and of themselves,” says Lee Webster, director of New Hampshire Funeral Resources and Education and former director of GBC, adding that vaults, chemicals, and non-organic containers used in traditional burial do contribute to pollution.

Further, the WHO has found “no evidence that corpses pose a risk of epidemic disease—most agents do not survive long in the human body after death.”

Still, it’s unclear if some of the newer variations of green burials are effective. For example, the brand responsible for Luke Perry’s mushroom suit claimed it would neutralize toxins and give nutrients back to the earth. Years earlier, however, the suit’s maker had hired mortician Melissa Unfred to study the suit—Unfred found there was no evidence the suit had any real effect.

Water cremation

One cremation creates an average of 534 pounds of carbon dioxide, one scientist told Nat Geo in 2016. Toxins from embalming fluid and nonorganic implants like pacemakers or tooth fillings also go up in smoke. Water cremation—also known as aquamation or alkaline hydrolysis—produces the same result with significantly less environmental impact and for some, a spiritual benefit.

(Greenhouse gases, explained.)

Native Hawaiians practiced a form of water cremation for thousands of years. They would use heated volcanic water to break down the bodies of their loved ones, says Dean Fisher, water cremation consultant and former director of Mayo Clinic’s donated body program. Then they would bury the remaining bones, where they believed the soul’s spiritual essence was stored.

The tradition has fallen out of practice in recent years—but in July 2022 Hawaii legalized water cremation, putting the tradition back within reach.

Water cremation machines work by pumping a heated alkaline fluid around a body for four to six hours, exponentially accelerating the natural decomposition process. Bodies can be embalmed or unembalmed and dressed in any material that is 100 percent natural. After the body breaks down, only bones and non-organic implants remain. The bones are dried, crushed, and returned to the family.

The only byproduct of water cremation is nontoxic, sterile water that can be recycled into the local water supply—270 gallons of it, or slightly less than what the average American household uses in a day. There are no emissions into the ground or air.

But water cremation does have its drawbacks. For one, traditional cremations are more readily available, faster, and usually less expensive. Water cremation also requires energy to heat the water and run the pump, although a Dutch study from 2011 showed that’s only 10 percent of the energy used in flame cremation.

Further, some critics of water cremation argue it is immoral or disrespectful to the deceased, akin to flushing your loved one down the drain. However, advocates counter that water cremation simply accelerates the natural decomposition process and is no different from the blood from routine embalming that also goes through water treatment to be neutralized.

Either way, water cremation appears to be gaining steam in the U.S. It is currently legal in 28 states—and 15 of them approved it within the last decade.

Human composting

Human composting turns bodily remains to soil through a highly controlled process—very different from food composting that can be done in your backyard. In a sealed container, a body is cocooned in a mix of natural materials like wood chips and straw. Over a month or more, the vessel heats up from active microbes that start to break the body down. Fans blow oxygen into the container, which is regularly rotated to reactivate the microbes.

(How composting works.)

After 30 to 50 days, bone and any non-organic matter are taken out. The bones are then ground down and returned to the material. It takes another few weeks to “cure,” as microbes finish their work and the soil dries out. The end result is a cubic yard of compost that families can use or donate to environmental causes.

There are environmental costs to human composting, also called natural organic reduction (NOR). Fuel is needed to transport elements like wood chips, and electricity is used to power air pumps, fans, and the vessel rotation.

“We’re just getting started as a company tightening [those elements] up,” says Katrina Spade, founder of Recompose, the first NOR facility in the country located in Seattle, Washington. Still, she says the company’s own assessment of the process showed just over a metric ton of carbon savings per person over traditional cremation or burial.

Human composting is rare. It’s only legal in six states—most recently in New York in January. But a Massachusetts lawmaker has also proposed a bill to allow human composting, and advocates like Spade believe that a number of states will legalize it in 2023.

But even if you’re not interested in an eco-friendly afterlife, advocates say that these burial alternatives come with another advantage: Families can be more involved in the death care of their loved ones, from bathing and dressing them at home to lowering their body into the grave if they choose a green burial.

“It's not required. But it's always encouraged to do what you can, if you wish,” Bixby says, adding that most families embrace being part of the process. “You'll watch them go through the gamut of emotions… then when they're done, they'll have this genuinely serene smile on their face. They found a greater sense of acceptance of that passing through the process.”Chef Amanda Cohen always thought she’d use flames to cook. But when she opened her restaurant, Dirt Candy, in a teeny space in Manhattan, there wasn’t a gas line available—so she installed a fleet of induction cooktops instead.

They worked so well that “I’ll never go back,” she says. And she didn’t: when Dirt Candy moved to a bigger, gas-enabled location, she still opted for induction cooktops and electric ovens.

She’s not alone. Chef Eric Ripert put an induction stove in his own home, as did Alison Roman and Jon Kung, popular chefs on social media. They’re also a staple in professional kitchens, from the Cordon Bleu’s London’s training center to catering kitchens across the United States.

Chefs gravitate toward induction’s precision and ease of use, and because the cooktops, whose magnetic fields deliver heat to a pan’s bottom and nowhere else, keep their kitchens much cooler than blasting gas ranges. But there are another pressing reasons people—including a lot of non-chefs—are swapping: to protect both their health and the climate.

A body of research stretching back to the 1970s has pointed out respiratory hazards linked to indoor pollution from gas stoves. And because gas stovetops are powered by methane, a potent greenhouse gas, reducing its use in homes and commercial spaces would have a small but tangible impact on efforts to trim greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission is currently exploring the risks of gas stove emissions in the 38 percent of American households who have one, and looking for ways to minimize indoor air pollution caused by their use.

“It’s a triple win,” says Brady Seals: climate, health, and ease of use. Seals led a recent study suggesting over 12 percent of the U.S.’s childhood asthma cases could be associated with breathing in gas stove pollution. About one in every 12 Americans has asthma, including five million American children, and its prevalence is increasing.

The gas-fired elephant in the room

Gas-fired stoves are essentially “little gas-fired power plants in your home,” says Drew Michanowicz, a scientist at PSE Healthy Energy, a public health-focused nonprofit based in California. And since we spend about 90 percent of our time indoors, we can expose ourselves heavily. When gas burns, it releases many lung irritants, like nitrogen dioxide gas (NO2), tiny particles, and much more.

By the 1970s, researchers worldwide had figured out that the inhaled gas penetrates deep into the lungs, driving inflammation. They began to find evidence that long-term exposure to NO2 increased the likelihood of children developing asthma, and that short-term exposure to high concentrations made the condition worse.

“If you have asthma, your airways are already hyper-reactive and hyper-inflamed—and regularly getting that exposure really exacerbates your symptoms,” says Rima Habre, an indoor air quality expert at the University of Southern California.

In 1971 the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency enacted its first regulations on outdoor concentrations of nitrogen dioxide, limiting exposure to 53 parts per billion, averaged over the course of a year. In 2010, the EPA added a new standard: in any given hour, exposure should not top a hundred parts per billion.

But NO2 isn’t just an outdoor problem: It can build up indoors, too, but the U.S. and European countries don’t regulate it inside.

“If you cook for an hour on a gas stove, with all your windows closed because it’s cold out, that might increase your 24-hour NO2 exposure by about 25 parts per billion,” says Laura Paulin, a physician and scientist at Dartmouth’s Geisel School of Medicine. But in some of the homes she has studied, concentrations have reached over 500 ppb while families cooked.

The problem is often worse for vulnerable groups, says Patricia Fabian, a public health expert at Boston University, such as renters, people who live in public housing or in environmental justice neighborhoods, or anyone without the resources to update their kitchens.

"We really worry about gas stoves for people in those situations,” she says. “Opening your window works fine if you’re not next to an [NO2-heavy] highway. These conversations have to take the broader context into account.”

We know it hurts kids

A 1992 and later a 2013 analysis tied together dozens of studies on gas stoves, indoor air pollution, and respiratory issues. The 2013 study found that that children living in homes with gas stoves had a 32 percent higher risk of having current asthma or developing it in the future.

“We as experts feel that we’ve known this for years,” says Ulrike Gehring, a public health expert and an author of that 2013 analysis. “In some ways it’s like smoking; we knew that was a risk and paid attention. But gas cooking has never gotten the attention before.”

Recently, health researchers have more precisely measured NO2 exposure using personal sensors or constantly monitoring in-home sensors. One study in Baltimore found concentrations peaking into several hundred parts per billion, often associated with cooking; those periods of high exposure correlated with five times more inhaler use later in the day or evening. Studies like those, or another in New York City, help pinpoint the specific impact of gas stoves amidst of soup of other pollutants we breathe in daily, from candles to wood smoke to traffic pollution.

In 2014, Paulin and her colleagues published a study that swapped out some homes’ old gas stoves for electric, or added an air filter, or added a hood vent. The most effective swap was changing out the stove, decreasing NO2 concentrations by about 50 percent.

For Meyer Kattan, a pediatrics and air quality expert at Columbia University, hammering out precise statistics for how much gas stoves can hurt children or adults’ lungs is beside the point.

We know it hurts kids' lungs, he says. "How many more studies do we need to tell you that the recommendations are not good enough?” he says.

Climate win, too

Gas stoves eat up a small percentage of most homes’ natural gas bill. But spread that out to 40 million homes across the U.S. and the annual emissions end up comparable to the greenhouse gas emissions from 500,000 cars.

“You live at the end of the pipeline,” says Michanowicz. “It’s underground, hidden, designed to be out-of-sight, out-of-mind. It’s an incredible physical tether to the fossil fuel system.”

Untethering from fossil fuels and electrifying homes and buildings many analyses have shown, is a critical step toward decarbonizing in the U.S. and beyond.

What should you do with your gas stove?

If you don’t have asthma or another respiratory condition, pollutants from your stove are probably not causing you acute harm—especially if you are using it right, says Habre.

That means opening windows whenever you cook; putting pots on the back burners and turning an outdoor-venting hood on every single time you light a burner; and avoiding long cooking times on stovetop or in a gas-powered oven.

But most of us aren’t using them perfectly, or even close. Tests in California homes showed that even code-compliant fume hoods remove only about half of stove-caused NO2 pollution—and most people don’t turn on their hood every time they use the stove.

For those who want to make the switch, the options are increasing by the day, and the Inflation Reduction Act includes incentives to help pay for non-gas options.

Rachelle Boucher, an induction stove expert and former personal chef, has a favorite trick she calls the “pasta water” test: She brings potential buyers into an induction stove showroom and puts a pot of water on to boil.

It “happens so fast their eyes turn into saucers,” she says.

Professional chef Jon Kung loves induction, even for super-high-heat wok cooking—a style some feared wouldn’t work without gas. Working in high-end kitchens in China, he saw induction everywhere: it provided “better safety, better comfort, and just a more reliable and cleaner technology,” he says.

He just remodeled his home kitchen all-electric. “I love it,” he says.When a record-breaking winter storm hit the northeast earlier this year, temperatures at the Mount Washington Observatory in New Hampshire plummeted to -47°F, but when the observatory factored in the 127 mph wind gusts battering the weather station, they produced a wind chill temperature of -110°F.

Wind chill, mentioned in morning weather reports and noted in weather apps, is a measure of how cold the air feels on your skin. And, it’s an important forecast for public safety.

People exposed to -10°F and light winds can experience frostbite in 30 minutes, but increase those winds to more than 60 mph and frostbite can occur in under five minutes.

How do meteorologists calculate wind chill?

When a person stands outside in the cold, their body begins to lose heat. But just like a person blowing heat away from a hot bowl of soup, cold winds whisk away body heat more quickly, making it feel colder outside.

Calculating wind chill can help people better prepare for harsh, outdoor conditions. Cold weather can cause hypothermia, when the body’s temperature falls below 95°F, or frostbite, when body tissue freezes and could be permanently damaged.

Meteorologists calculate wind chill using this formula calculated by the National Weather Service (NWS) that considers wind speed and air temperature, though other factors like a sunny day can make the temperature feel warmer.

Why did we use it?

The term “wind chill” was first coined in 1939 by geographer and Antarctic explorer Paul Siple. With his fellow explorer, Charles Passel, the two experimented with how long it took to freeze water under different air and wind conditions. Using this data, they created formulas to determine how wind might influence how temperature feels on skin.

Over time, their formulas have been updated with more precise computer models and experiments with humans.

A study published in 2002 exposed six male and six female subjects to different temperatures and wind speeds and measured heat loss through sensors on their face.

While these experiments helped scientists establish baseline data on how heat leaves the body in healthy adults, some populations including children, the elderly, and adults with health issues face a greater risk from wind chill.

Other ways to measure how it feels outside

The formula used by the NWS to determine wind chill is not the only method used to calculate how environmental conditions influence how hot or cold the temperature feels.

Weather forecasting service AccuWeather has their own proprietary index called the ReelFeel temperature. According to AccuWeather’s chief meteorologist Jonathan Porter, their index factors in weather conditions that NWS’s wind chill does not, such as dew point, cloud cover, and precipitation.

Another model, more commonly used in Europe, is called the Universal Thermal Climate Index, and it also considers conditions like humidity and sunshine.

The NWS uses only air temperature and wind speed in their wind chill estimate to provide a snapshot of the most influential weather conditions that influence how temperature feels, using the simplest calculation, according to Michael Muccilli, the NWS Winter Program Coordinator.

How to stay safe when the wind chill drops

Wind chill and other estimates of how cold it feels outside are ultimately forecasted to help inform people about potentially deadly weather.

Stay inside when there’s risk of frostbite or hypothermia, but if you must go outside, plan accordingly. Dress in layers, as many as three or more for extreme cold. Cover extremities like fingers and toes, wear a hat to prevent heat loss from your head, and make sure outer layers and shoes are waterproof. And take shelter from the wind, advises Muccilli.

Remember that dangerous health issues, especially when wind chill is at its most extreme, can take hold in minutes.More than 2,000 people showed up to Los Angeles Mycological Society's Wild Mushroom Fair in February. Many brought their finds from all over the region to show off and identify—like this mushroom in the Amanita genus, which looks dangerously similar to a toxic one.If you visit the southwest corner of Madagascar, you might find a tree so old its name is Grandmother. She has three stems, fused together, so that her trunk resembles a massive rounded pot rather than a solitary sentinel. The oldest stem dates to A.D. 1600, meaning it took root a few decades before Atilla the Hun launched his rampage.

Grandmother is a baobab tree, one of a species beloved worldwide not only for its longevity but also for its distinctive crown: a tangle of scraggly branches extends from the trees' top like electrocuted hair. Or, less flamboyantly, like misplaced roots. In creation myths, the baobab is known as the tree the gods planted upside down.

“When you’re close to the trunk, you feel something powerful,” says William Daniels, a photographer who traveled through Madagascar’s forests to capture the stunning images of the baobab’s mystic charisma that appear with this story. “It’s some good energy.”

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: Wilfred Ramahafaly, a baobab field specialist, inspects a large, fallen baobab. Ramahafaly isn’t sure why the giant tree collapsed, but he thinks it may have resulted from deforestation or climate change. Both environmental threats are endangering the iconic tree species.

But baobabs are in trouble, potential victims of the warming globe. Scientists sounded the alarm more than five years ago, when they investigated why some of the oldest and largest baobabs in southern Africa had died. In subsequent studies, scientists found these long-lived mammoths are vulnerable to climate change and predicted that four of the world’s baobab species could become extinct by 2021. That includes Grandmother, one of the Malagasy species.

Scientists are still sorting out if baobabs can adapt to their changing environment or if baobab forests could be replanted. They are also assessing what the loss of baobab forests would mean for the plants and animals that live in them. Baobabs are considered a keystone species, meaning they hold ecosystems together. When a keystone species is diminished, the change affects the entire system.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: Schoolchildren take a boat to the Cap Diego peninsula where a reforestation project run by the non-profit group Jardin des Baobabs (Baobabs' Garden) is planting new baobab trees. Billions of dollars have been spent on conserving Madagascar’s unique biodiversity, but a recently published study noted these projects have failed to include local residents and leaders at times.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: A boy holds a baobab seedling at the baobab garden. Under the right conditions, the seedling could grow for hundreds of years. Natural areas like these have the potential to not only protect trees, but also sustainably provide food and water to local communities. Right: As young baobab trees, saplings are vulnerable to the elements. Here, a newly planted tree is protected by a cage made of sticks that shows the name of the tree’s sponsor.

An island of rare and threatened species

Baobab trees are native to sub-Saharan Africa and Australia, where a single species can be found, and baobabs have been introduced to India, South America, and zoos and gardens around the world.

But their presence in Madagascar is crucial.

The island has some of the richest biodiversity in the world. Once part of the African continent, Madagascar became an island more than 80 million years ago, and lies off the coast of Mozambique in the Indian Ocean. Ninety percent of the plants and animals that developed over eons of isolation are found nowhere else on Earth today. Of the seven baobab species on the island, six grow only on Madagascar.

“That’s one of the most amazing things about the Malagasy baobabs,” says Nisa Karimi, a botanist and evolutionary biologist at the University of Wisconsin, Madison. “One species occurs all across continental Africa, and then you get to Madagascar, and you have six.”

Madagascar’s wealth of baobabs is due, in part, to its diverse geography. The island, comparable in size to California or Sweden, has wide ranges in elevation, and networks of impassable rivers that create distinctive ecosystems where trees, mammals, reptiles, and flowers must find a niche.

Like baobab trees, thousands of the island’s plants and animals face environmental threats. Tortoises, chameleons, and periwinkle flowers are among the island's threatened species.

Lemurs, the long-tailed, tree-swinging primates, are also on the brink—and they play an important role as the main pollinators for several baobab species. Of the 109 different lemur species in Madagascar, nearly a third of them are perilously close to disappearing.

Of baobab trees, the Adansonia perrieri species is at high risk for extinction. Only about 200 trees remain, meaning the species could be lost forever.

What’s at stake in Madagascar is so vast, that if all of Madagascar’s unique mammals died out, it would take another 23 million years for a comparably unique set to evolve, according to a recent study in Nature Communications.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: Near a forest reserve in northern Madagascar, a man named Seraphin—a father of five and a farmer—carries a bag of charcoal. Like many people living in the countryside, Seraphin makes extra money by selling charcoal. To make it, producers must cut down trees and burn them under the right conditions to create the dense clumps of energy.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

(Illegal gemstone mining is threatening Madagascar's wildlife.)

A new climate for an old habitat

Complicating the picture for the baobab’s survival is a host of other man-made threats— including entrenched poverty in one of the world’s poorest countries, which can drive deforestation, as farmers search for more arable land. In the last 20 years, the country has lost nearly a quarter of its tree cover, primarily to logging, according to a recent study published in Science outlining threats to Madagascar’s biodiversity.

To provide further protection to the country’s biodiversity, the study’s authors suggested a series of steps, including more conservation, expanding protected areas, reforming agricultural practices, and addressing social issues that contribute to tree loss. A case in point: The drought over the past two years in southern Madagascar also produced a famine. At the same time, eastern Madagascar endured record rainfall that resulted in flash flooding. Both drought and extreme rainfall are predicted to become more common on the island, and the country lacks the resources to respond to worsening weather disasters.

Still, Maria Vorontsova, a co-author and botanist at the London’s Kew Botanic Gardens (which has one baobab) cautions not to lose sight that “the underlying problem is actually climate change.”

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Traveling trees could survive

As the changing climate causes rising temperatures and recalibrates rainfall patterns, trees all over the globe are on the move. In temperate regions, trees have begun migrating toward the poles to find cooler places to grow.

When scientists modeled how rising temperature and changing rainfall patterns could affect Madagascar’s baobab forests, they predicted that their habitat would shrink over the next century. Baobabs in the north would need to migrate even further north to find suitable growing conditions, but they may be out of luck. As they reach the northern coast, they’ve nowhere else to go. Scientists concluded that some of Madagascar’s northernmost baobab species could disappear by 2100.

“We know that climate change will change a lot of the island,” says Ghislain Vieilledent, an ecologist for CIRAD, a French research center, and co-author of the research, published in Global Change Biology 2021. “We don’t know precisely what will be the outcome, but we know the change will be profound, and the biodiversity will be profoundly affected.”

The worst-case climate scenario used in Vieilledent’s model is far from certain. It correlates to 4.9°C of warming by 2100, far above the U.N.’s goal of keeping warming below 2°C, but it shows the potential of climate change at its most deadly.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Is the baobab doomed? Not necessarily.

In addition to working with local communities and creating protected areas for baobabs, scientists are also stockpiling baobab DNA. Scientists are collecting bits of baobab genetic material in hopes of finding certain traits, like drought tolerance, that might be bred into future trees.

Karimi, the University of Wisconsin botanist, says certain baobabs could adapt to new conditions, such as saltier water or drier landscapes. She and her colleagues are searching for a diverse collection of baobab seeds to preserve the trees that have the best chance of bringing forests back to life in a changing world.

“We make sure we’re collecting seeds for reforestation under dramatic climate changes,” she says.On the coast of Maine in the U.S. northeast, Kristi Marsh follows her green building architect Emily Mottram through the empty rooms of Marsh’s newly built house. The pair carry a thermal scanner to detect where drafts might be coming in. It’s one of the last steps in completing this house with zero-net energy goals, which means that it combines renewable energy—solar, in this case—with energy efficiency to consume only as much energy as is generated on site. While it might sound intimidating to build a home with such goals, for Marsh, that’s part of the point. She’s not an energy expert. She has no construction experience. She wants to demonstrate that even for everyday people like her, building a climate-friendly home can be done affordably and simply.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

That’s how she found Mottram, who’s also passionate about educating people on energy conservation. In addition to her architecture firm, Mottram teaches building science and sustainable design at a local community college and hosts a weekly podcast on energy efficiency.

“When you build new, people can lower their carbon impact from day one, because we focus on how carbon-negative those building materials can be right from the beginning,” Mottram says. “Then over the long term, they’ve reduced the operational energy of that home for the next hundred years and next several owners.”

Those individual choices in the home can certainly add up, because “in general, the use of energy in residential buildings ends up being one of the highest uses of energy on a national level,” says Greg Hoffart, founder of Tree Construction in Revelstoke, British Columbia, which focuses on building homes with environmentally sustainable designs and advanced technology. Currently, an estimated two-thirds of global emissions directly and indirectly result from household energy consumption. So it’s no surprise that, according to a 2020 report that screened nearly 7,000 studies worldwide, some of the top actions that people can take to slow climate change are centered in our homes: like using renewable energy for power, and renovation and refurbishment, including changing out energy-guzzling appliances for more efficient ones.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

A few years ago, after her children left their childhood home in Boston for college, Marsh decided to downsize. She wanted her new home to be not just financially sustainable—she didn’t want to spend the rest of her life working to pay for electricity and gas bills—but also sustainable for the planet. Not to mention durable, as here in the U.S. northeast, a region already known for its hurricane season, storms are intensifying with the changing climate. “A lot of the choices I made weren’t for Kristi of the next two years, but for how I believe the world is going to be ten years from now,” she says.

Marsh’s home uses both new technology and long-established materials crucial to the circular economy. It’s built with double-stud walls, which slow heat loss better than single stud; and filled with cellulose insulation, which is just densely packed recycled newspaper. For heating and cooling, which accounts for nearly half the energy that average households consume, Marsh installed ductless mini-splint heat pumps, that transfer instead of generate heat and can use up to 60% less energy than standard electric radiators. When it came to appliances—in the U.S., appliance use accounts for 21% of household emissions—Mottram helped her choose an induction stove, which is three times more energy efficient than conventional gas cooktops.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“There’s no way for us to not consume energy,” says Mottram. “If we’re going to consume, we should make the best choices we financially can. If you can afford to buy a more efficient appliance, you should definitely do that.”

That goes beyond kitchen appliances to other rooms of the house, like home offices. Epson’s inkjet printers, for example, use Heat-Free Technology designed to use less energy compared to laser printers that use heat in the printing process. Newer ENERGY STAR-certified televisions can consume less wattage than older counterparts, and replacing old computers with newer U.S. Energy Star-certified devices could save greenhouse gas emissions “equivalent to more than those produced by 2.7 million cars.”.

Even just changing the way we use our current household appliances is an easy way to reduce energy use. Refrigerators can consume 6,240 watts of energy per day, but not overloading them and keeping the most-used items in accessible areas can cut down that number. Washers and dryers use about 13% of a home’s energy, which can be mitigated by washing full loads and using drying racks; in fact, air drying clothes reduces the average household’s carbon footprint by 2,400 pounds per year.

“If we can make even a one percent improvement in household energy consumption year over year, which is a substantial amount of total energy consumption, it’s enough to tip the scales in favor of combatting the greenhouse effect,” Hoffart says. That requires a movement, he acknowledges, “but change absolutely has to start with one.”

Ultimately, Marsh hopes to turn part of her net-zero energy home into a short-term rental. Leading by example is important to her—she’s cataloguing her building journey publicly on Instagram—but so is allowing people into the finished product. “The idea that makes me really excited is that those guests will experience it. Not just read about it, but experience the normalcy of all these things, and realize: this can be done.”A little oil left over from frying your breakfast eggs can easily be sopped up with paper towels or an upcycled cotton rag. But some recipes—hello, doughnuts!—leave larger quantities of oil behind.

As an author and blogger focused on greener living, I often hear from people striving to reduce their impact on the environment. Household waste, including used cooking oil, is a big piece of that puzzle. So I was naturally intrigued when I heard about so-called cooking-oil solidifiers, a product touted as a solution to the waste oil dilemma.

To study the problem and possible solutions, let’s return to that panful of oil.

1:46

Waste oil options

Depending upon what was cooked, you can reuse the oil a few times to make the most of it. But after several batches you’ll want to discard the old oil and start fresh for the best flavor.

Restaurants and commercial facilities have the ability to send their annual three billion gallons of waste cooking oil off to be transformed into biodiesel. Home cooks with a frying pan full of oil are often stymied at how to get rid of that greasy waste. Count yourself lucky if your municipality offers an oil recycling program, the best and easiest way to solve the problem. Not all of us have access to such a program.

Sending waste oil down the drain or flushing it down the toilet may make it disappear, but those oils can damage your home’s pipes and build up in municipal sewers. Oil and fats act as a glue, holding assorted sewer detritus together to create fatbergs, causing backups that require costly manual removal.

Cooking oil and grease that make their way into the environment can also damage ecologically fragile shorelines and injure wild animals. In some U.S. communities, people have the option to compost small amounts of waste vegetable oil, but it’s a messy product to dispose of when dumping it in the trash is the only option. Sealing the oil into a disposable plastic container, as many home cooks do, adds a container to the waste stream that could perhaps have been recycled; it also isolates the oil, preventing it from breaking down.

Cleaner oil disposal

There are several brands of oil-solidifier products on the market, under different names. They’re purportedly made from eco-friendly ingredients that, when sprinkled into hot cooking oil, cause it to solidify for easy disposal. How does it work? Laura Lady, developer of the FryAway brand solidifier, explains that when the dry flakes are stirred into hot oil, the natural plant-based hydrogenated fats in the product melt, essentially emulsifying with the used cooking oil.

It may seem counterintuitive to add more fat to resolve a greasy mess. But as the combined fats cool to about 100 degrees Fahrenheit, the mixture thickens into a texture that’s easier to dispose of than liquid oil. The cooled oil’s density falls somewhere between the liquid state of cooking oil and the dry, solid flakes of the additive. It may become a wobbly-but-solid disk or a thick, somewhat dry paste that’s easy to scrape out of the cooking pot.

Small amounts of oil can take as little as 20 minutes to solidify; larger amounts can take several hours. Once cooled, the firm oil can be lifted or scraped, mess free, from the fryer or cooking pan and tossed directly into the trash, the green waste bin, or—in reasonable quantities—a compost bucket. Sending this to the landfill rather than sealing waste oils into a plastic container for disposal means that microbes can access the waste and break it down.

The solidified oil can also be retained for household use: It’s perfectly suitable for mundane tasks such as oiling hinges. Product developer Laura Lady says that transferring the mixture to a container with a candle wick makes an inexpensive DIY candle.

A less costly option

You may be convinced that you need this product in your life, but the expense and the plastic packaging associated with these products gave me pause. Enter stearic acid, available online and at many retail stores.

A long-chain fatty acid, stearic acid is made from both animal and vegetable fats; the waxy appearance of its thin flakes makes it look quite similar to the commercially available fat solidifiers. As it turns out, adding two or three tablespoons of stearic acid to a cup of hot oil works in a similar fashion—for half the price and often with less packaging.There is an invisible web that spans our planet―a shifting network present in every kind of terrestrial habitat, in our oceans and rivers and air. These are the migration patterns woven by billions of animals as part of their life cycles, driven by the changing seasons, the need for optimal climate conditions, the search for food, and the urge to reproduce. These migration routes can be less than a mile or longer than 25,000 miles. From birds to butterflies, whales to wildebeest, dragonflies to salmon, migration is a fundamental trait of many of Earth’s animals―including humans.

Scientists are learning more and more about the complex factors that influence these migrations. Animal migrations are adaptive responses to natural changes in the environment. They are often seasonal, and follow time-worn routes to places more hospitable for feeding or reproducing. But now human activities that include widespread development and increased carbon emissions are affecting the environment and ecosystems, hastening climate change―and impacting animal migration behavior.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“Migrations everywhere are changing. Eight billion people living on Earth are triggering many of these changes,” says National Geographic photographer Lucas Foglia. Foglia is in the middle of a long-term art project tracking the multigenerational migration of the painted lady butterfly (Vanessa cardui) from Ethiopia to Israel and England to Switzerland. He’s interested in drawing parallels between the butterflies’ behavior and our own. “Wherever they go, I photograph what they see on their journey.” That journey is nothing short of epic. These brightly patterned butterflies, often overshadowed by their famous cousins, the monarchs (Danaus plexippus), are constantly migrating, covering an enormous territory from sub-Saharan Africa to the Arctic Circle.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

A butterfly might emerge from a chrysalis in Ethiopia and begin its journey north, crossing the Sahara―and even the Mediterranean, given that a butterfly can cover 2,500 miles in one leg. Its progeny might continue up through southern and northern Europe all the way to Scandinavia―and back again. Perhaps a year later, its sixth-generation descendant will land on a flower not far from where that first butterfly started out. The butterflies breed and move nonstop―responding to the conditions around them―flying on favorable winds and drawn by pollinating flowers. “They follow patterns of opportunity that we don’t fully understand,” says Foglia. Recent research has shown that the numbers of butterflies undertaking the annual migration can fluctuate by a hundredfold and more, depending on weather and its consequences for crops and wildflowers.

It’s not just human-caused climate change that affects the butterflies’ movements either―it’s the changes humans have wrought on the land itself. “Painted lady butterflies have been migrating since before people dominated the landscape,” says Foglia. “Now they drink nectar from gardens and farmlands, city parks and highway borders.”

What’s not clear is how all these changes will affect the painted lady migration over the coming decades. “As climate continues to change, will they stop migrating? Will they migrate farther? Or will they migrate less? Will they change completely their migration routes? We don’t know. It is a mystery,” says butterfly geneticist Aurora García-Berro Navarro. And any changes that do occur will have consequences for other species, too, of course.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“What happens to the smallest species ricochets across the food web,” says Foglia. “In my photographs, the painted lady butterflies link diverse people in diverse places. They are a metaphor both for the interconnected world and our responsibility to care for it.”

Modern human transport networks present a different order of complexity with their own economic and social drivers. But moving goods and people around the world leaves a considerable carbon footprint―which exacerbates the climate impacts affecting animal migrations.

It’s estimated that the transport sector accounts for around 25 percent of global CO 2 emissions―and demand is expected to grow over the coming decades. Decarbonizing our transport networks is a priority if we’re to mitigate the worst impacts of climate change. The journey toward establishing net-zero transport networks is also a multigenerational one, with less than 30 years remaining to achieve the 2050 global net-zero emissions target set at the 2015 Paris Climate Agreement to keep global warming below 1.5 degrees Celsius.

DHL is one of the biggest global logistics and international shipping companies in the world. The German transnational has committed to reaching net-zero emissions by 2050 across its entire operation. As DHL’s Senior Vice President for Strategy and Operation Programs, Andreas Mündel is very much focused on achieving this goal.

“If you think about these complex networks, all of those elements come with footprints, be it the warehouse, the consolidation hub or the transport―you have to address all at the same time,” Mündel explains. “So, we build carbon neutral warehouses, we are a frontrunner in sustainable fuels [that have] a significantly reduced CO 2 footprint, we’ve electrified 24,000 vehicles on our last mile, and we plan to electrify two-thirds of our fleet by 2030.”

While the switch to electric ground vehicles is well underway, decarbonizing aviation is much more challenging, according to Mündel. Sustainable aviation fuels (SAFs) made from waste fats, oils, and grease are a first step―but new approaches are needed. “The next thing is already on the horizon―emission-free electric flying,” he says.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: The Eviation Alice is billed as the world’s first clean-sheet, all-electric design aircraft, and is capable of covering 250 nautical miles while carrying loads of up to 2,500 pounds―emissions free. Photograph courtesy of Eviation

Once a pipe dream, the prospect of a viable electric cargo plane is now a reality. The Alice aircraft, developed by the Israeli-founded, U.S.-based company Eviation, has lithium ion batteries built into its fuselage and tail, and is designed to cover distances of 250 nautical miles. DHL ordered 12 of these aircraft in 2021, with delivery expected in 2027. “We believe that this is the first step of a series of innovations that are necessary to take the aviation industry to carbon zero,” says Mündel. These aircraft could be deployed across domestic and regional territories―equivalent to DHL’s last-mile vehicles on the ground.

Intercontinental travel will require a different solution, says Mündel: “The future generation is called Power to Liquid … a fully carbon-neutral fuel.” Power to Liquid (PtL) are synthetically produced liquid hydrocarbon fuels made using renewable electricity, water, and CO 2 extracted from the air itself, creating a closed loop cycle.

“I studied physics,” Mündel added. “And this is an unbelievably fascinating topic for a physicist: How can you decarbonize such a complex system? I think that is something that I do for my children. That is something that I do to save the planet … I think that’s the biggest motivation, actually, that you can have.”

Find out more about Moving Stories in a Changing World.Buckets of rain and snow are battering California. The culprit? Atmospheric rivers.

The rains were born far away, deep in the tropical Pacific, where water evaporated from the warm ocean surface and fizzed into the atmosphere. The drenched air parcel flow then moved sinuously along, an “atmospheric river” winding its way toward land. When that wet air hit a coast—in this case the West Coast of the U.S.—it unleashed torrents of water.

What is an atmospheric river?

“You need two ingredients for an atmospheric river,” says Daniel Swain, a climate scientist at the University of California, Los Angeles. “A plume of really concentrated moisture in the atmosphere and strong, fast winds to move it around.”

The concentrated moisture comes from the ocean. Warm oceans evaporate water into the atmosphere, and winds and storms concentrate that water vapor into long, narrow, speedy trains of extra-wet air. Then, big global winds in the lower few miles of the atmosphere accelerate those amped-up, stretched-out, water-rich versions of normal storms.

The sky-borne rivers can stretch for thousands of miles. In 2017, an enormous atmospheric river 5,000 miles long slammed into the Pacific Northwest , dumping over two inches of rain on the region over a few days. Most aren't that massive, though—the average atmospheric river is about 500 miles wide and 1,200 miles long.

They transport huge volumes of water around the world, carrying it along as vapor and cloud droplets. In an average atmospheric river, about 25 times as much water flows through the air high overhead as through the Mississippi River—and on any given day, about three or four are either developing or flowing through the sky in each hemisphere.

“In a way, they're actually the biggest rivers on earth,” says Marty Ralph, a researcher at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in La Jolla, California, who been studying the phenomena for years. “They're just in the air instead of on the ground.”

All in all, more than 90 percent of the water that gets moved around Earth's midlatitudes—its midsection, where most of the world's population lives—gets transported via these sinuous sky streams. "They play this really key role in bringing moist tropical and subtropical air into the drier mid-latitudes," says Nina Oakley, an atmospheric scientist at the Desert Research Institute in Reno.

Atmospheric rivers are everywhere: They've dumped record-breaking snow on East Antarctica, driven flooding in Europe, and caused rivers to spill their banks in Australia. Particularly strong ones can hold together and cross the entire North American continent, dumping snow and rain all the way from the West Coast to the East. Gulf of Mexico- and Atlantic-brewed atmospheric rivers often feed into heavy rain and snow of winter nor'easters across the Eastern U.S.

Some atmospheric river pathways are so well-known that they have their own affectionate names. The "Pineapple Express," for example, speeds tropical Pacific moisture from around Hawaii toward the west coast of the U.S.

The damp sponge effect

The water vapor locked up in an atmospheric river will stay just that—vapor—until something comes along to squeeze it out of the air as rain or snow. Often, that trigger is the edge of a continent: along the west coast of North and South America, for instance, atmospheric rivers crash into mountains, which forces the sodden air masses higher into the atmosphere. As they get forced upward into colder air, the water vapor gets squeezed out—and falls out of the sky as rain or snow. Any cold air can trigger that squeeze-out, though.

“These saturated plumes of air are like a damp sponge,” says Swain, “and a mountain range or a storm system is like a hand wringing that sponge out.”

California gets somewhere between 25 to 50 percent of all its annual precipitation from atmospheric rivers. Often, that's good news—the events have ended droughts, refilled reservoirs, and greened rolling hills. When the precipitation falls as snow in the high mountains, it acts as a kind of long-term water storage system, melting in the spring and summer when the state is parched. But when it comes down as rain, the effects can be devastating, causing floods, mudslides, dam breaches, and more.

The kinds of extreme, destructive rain events that have made news in California over the past few years are not alone: atmospheric rivers are at play in up to half of the most intense, extreme rain storms experienced across the planet.

In February 2019, a group of researchers introduced a new system to classify the strength of these atmospheric rivers, sort of like the way hurricanes are categorized with the Safford-Simpson scale. The scale looks at how much water the air moves around over time—the “Integrated water vapor transport,” or IVT, measures how much water vapor flows past a point at any given time—and the scale also takes into account how long the river stalls out on top of a place. Then, it assigns the river a number from zero (not an atmospheric river) to five (a very, very wet one). The most recent deluge in Northern California, says Ralph, was somewhere between a three and a four on the scale where the worst of the flooding took place, near the Russian River.

Atmospheric rivers and the warming climate

Air temperatures have ticked upward by about one degree Celsius, or about two degrees Fahrenheit, over the last century—and they're expected to rise by more than that by the end of the century. With warmer air comes wetter air: toastier temperatures evaporate more water from the ocean. On top of that, air can hold about seven percent more water vapor for each degree warmer it gets. So scientists expect that in a hotter future, atmospheric rivers will get correspondingly wetter and stronger.The high seas are a vast no-man’s land of ungoverned ocean.

Every country has jurisdiction over the waters extending 200 nautical miles from the shore, their Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ). Beyond the EEZs lie international waters—and more than two thirds of the world’s ocean.

These uninhabited waters are rarely seen by people, but they’re teeming with life. More than 10 million species are found in the high seas, and millions of mysterious creatures unknown to science lie in its depths.

That’s why a new United Nations (UN) treaty from March 2023 aims to govern the ungovernable, outlining how the world's countries could collectively protect a swath of ocean covering half the Earth’s surface.

Filled with underwater volcanoes and hidden species, traversed by pirates and outlaws—the high seas are unlike anywhere else on Earth.

1. Modern-day pirates roam the high seas

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Piracy is not a crime of the past. Today, it looks more like armed robbery or kidnapping for ransom according to Interpol, an international police organization, than it does Hollywood-style swashbuckling. Every year, modern-day pirates collect millions in ransoms. Less commonly, modern-day pirates hijack ships.

Over 90 percent of the things we make and sell are transported by sea, and piracy occurs both close to shore and on the high seas. In 2020, there were 195 incidents of maritime piracy reported to the International Maritime Bureau.

And pirates are not the only criminals seen on the high seas. Drugs and people are trafficked in these waters, chemicals and other types of waste are illegally dumped there, and fish are illegally taken out of the water.

Some evading laws on the high seas have more altruistic aims. On board a vessel, crew follow the laws of the country their ship flies under, which is how the Dutch nonprofit Women on Waves provides abortion care to women living in countries where the procedure is outlawed.

2. The undiscovered depths offer mysteries for the imagination

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Underwater mountain ranges, deep trenches, canyons, and hydrothermal vents are all found in the deep sea and are home to fish, whales, turtles, and corals. And while there are many species that scientists know live or migrate through the high seas, life here is largely a mystery. As many as 500,000 to 10 million species are thought to live, unknown to people, in the ocean.

Only a tiny fraction of the high seas has been studied by scientists. And the greatest mysteries may lie in the hardest to reach habitats.

For example, deep-sea corals are common here. The oldest-known living organism in the world, an 8,500-year-old coral, can be found in international waters.

And some of these undiscovered species have medicinal value. Compounds found in deep-sea sponges are being tested for their ability to fight cancer and chronic health conditions.

Currently, less than one percent of the high seas is protected, but the UN’s new treaty allows countries to collectively create marine protected areas (MPAs) that can protect portions of the high seas from overfishing and shipping lanes.

3. Fishing there is a source of passionate controversy

Fishing has been described as one of the world’s most dangerous jobs, and whether it should be allowed on the high seas at all is hotly debated.

A study from 2018 showed fishing on the high seas was unprofitable, just over half of it propped up by government subsidies. About 3,600 vessels are estimated to fish on the high seas, just six percent of all fishing activity. But fishing here has a disproportionate impact on sustainability and human rights. Fishing vessels often use a method called deep-sea bottom trawling where huge nets scoop up everything in their path—commercially sold fish, but also coral reefs and rare or threatened marine animals.

Some countries, China for example, use the high seas to compensate for the lack of fish in their own depleted waters. Scientists estimate that about 70 percent of fish in countries’ waters spend some of their life in the high seas, and one study published in 2015 found that if the high seas were closed to fishing, nearby fish stocks in EEZs might benefit from large fish populations spilling over into their territory. The effect could potentially increase commercial fish in territorial waters by 18 percent.

(Learn more about overfishing.)

4. They are the site of serious crimes

Thousands of miles from land, the high seas provide cover for crimes like forced labor and murder.

A New York Times investigation published in 2015 recounted stories of violence, enslavement, harsh punishments, and worse for laborers often tricked into working aboard fishing vessels and detained for years. Fishing boats on the high seas use ships called long-haul vessels. They park over open ocean for months to years and are resupplied by ships that deliver supplies and pick up caught fish, allowing the parked vessel to hide from oversight.

Another investigation published in 2019 by the Associated Press found many of these fish caught by slave labor end up eaten in the U.S.

Labor activists and law enforcement have begun using satellites to monitor ships on the high seas for suspicious behavior consistent with forced labor practices.

5. They provide valuable carbon sequestration

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Marine life like plankton and algae are responsible for storing vast amounts of carbon dioxide emissions in the high seas. Every year they draw 1.5 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere, according to a report published in 2014.

That same report suggested that the high seas pull so much carbon out of the air, it’s worth an estimated $148 billion dollars. Since that carbon is absorbed by plants and animals that store carbon in their bodies or transfer it to the seafloor, some scientists think all fishing on the high seas should be banned.In the depths of the Indonesian rainforest, a cell phone nestles against a tree trunk—listening. The phone is not lost, quite the opposite. Incongruous but invaluable, the phone is part of a network of devices placed throughout the forest to listen for the telltale sounds of illegal logging. Amidst the rustle of leaves, the scampering of critters, and the steady drip of moisture, the sound of a lorry or chainsaw is an alarm bell that can bring forest rangers hurrying to the scene. It’s just one of the ways that technology is helping conservationists in the fight to protect wildlife and the planet.

The advance of technology is often seen as a risk for the environment: From the invention of the plough to carve the landscape, through the industrial revolution, to the electronic age’s thirst for Earth’s limited resources. But amidst the growing concern for the plight of animals and the environment, technology is coming to the rescue. A recent survey of conservationists highlighted how much they valued technological tools to help monitor, protect, and alleviate the damage being done—and how optimistic they were that advances in technology could play an even greater role in conservation.

In the savannah, a rare black rhino stirs up the dust as it strides through the bush towards a watering hole. It follows a well-beaten path and is oblivious to the hidden camera capturing its image. Camera traps are among conservation’s most widely deployed technologies, using infrared sensors to detect a “warm” animal crossing their path and trigger the digital photograph or video. The striking images they capture are often used to promote conservation, but they also deliver candid insights into the lives of animals. The data collected from camera traps, often operating remotely for months, provides crucial details on the location, population, and behavior of a species, helping conservationists understand when, where, and how to help them.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Orbiting in the silence of space, an Earth observation satellite shows the world from a different angle with a single shot capturing 1,930 square miles (5,000 sq km) in astonishing detail. Powerful computers analyze these epic images to count individual species and track their movement across vast areas. Satellite images also help monitor the health of ecosystems, detecting droughts, floods, and changes to the landscape, while spotting wildfires and deforestation in time to minimize the damage. Flying closer to the ground, drones carrying Lidar use light pulses from lasers to build a 3D picture of an area. Able to spot erosion, assess flood risk, estimate carbon stocks, and even establish a habitat’s suitability to support wildlife, Lidar is proving an invaluable tool for monitoring environmental change at scale.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

From the carving of an ice shelf to the buzz of a forest floor, nature is noisy. These sounds can be recorded and analyzed to help tell the story of an ecosystem. Discrete and relatively inexpensive, acoustic sensors can identify species, their numbers, composition, and behaviors, and are increasingly used to study endangered species and to understand how animals use a habitat. Along with tagging and tracking, especially of marine mammals like whales, these conservation technologies are making a real difference. But technology never stands still and with innovation comes the prospect of even more powerful tools. Two of the most promising are networked sensors and AI.

From a photographic plate, to a roll of film, to a digital SD card, camera traps have long relied on their data being physically retrieved. Networked sensors change that. They connect camera traps, acoustic sensors, tracking devices, and more to the internet—making their data immediately accessible from anywhere. This isn’t easy as most devices operate far from standard cellular or internet coverage, but it’s worth the effort. Real-time data not only helps counter imminent threats—the crack of a poacher’s gun or the revving of a logger’s chainsaw—but also gives conservationists eyes and ears on the ground eyes in a way that lets them build a more comprehensive picture of animal behavior.

To extract useful information from this ever increasing volume of data, conservationists are turning to AI. This can quickly and accurately analyze conservation data, identifying a rare species from among thousands of images, or picking out a particular animal sound from the hubbub of a forest recording—making the process more efficient and the data more useful. AI can also be taught to look for specific individuals, identifying a particular bear through facial recognition or a particular whale by comparing the shape of its fluke to a global database. AI can even use algorithms to help predict the movement of animals and the behavior of poachers. In fact, AI can be taught to detect almost anything—that’s something technology services company Capgemini is using to great effect.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

In the heat of the Mojave Desert, the roar of a petrol engine shatters the stillness and sends creatures scurrying for cover. Recreational use of this vast landscape is encouraged—special trails have been created for off-roaders to enjoy—but human activity needs to be carefully monitored to preserve the environment. The few who break the rules, deliberately carving out their own off-road tracks, are upsetting the delicate balance of the ecosystem: It’s important to quickly find them and stop them. However, the desert’s size and dry conditions make the illegal tracks challenging to spot with the naked eye, even when using satellite imagery. Capgemini is bringing the power of AI to the rescue.

Capgemini partners with companies and organizations to transform their activities by harnessing the power of technology. Working with the Nevada chapter of The Nature Conservancy, Capgemini is working on a solution to enable teams on the ground to determine which areas of the desert are in most urgent need of intervention. They started by identifying indicators of landscape and ecosystem degradation in a key region of the Mojave, looking for patterns in pixels of the aerial imagery. They then developed AI algorithms to remotely detect and highlight these indicators. The Capgemini-developed solution uses geospatial AI, computer vision, and advanced deep learning to study aerial imagery and identify new off-road trails, making it possible to cross-reference these with environmental data, such as the nesting sites of protected species, to identify the areas where intervention should be prioritized. Armed with this information, the Nature Conservancy will be better equipped to support its partners in protecting priority areas—using technology to maximize their conservation efforts.

From AI in the Mojave Desert to camera traps in the savannah, satellites in space, and cell phones strapped to trees, conservationists have an ever-growing range of technologies at their disposal. Deploying them could be crucial. Late last year, a supercomputer using new scientific modelling predicted that around a quarter of all animal and plant species could be extinct by the end of this century. Action has never been more urgent, and technology could well be the decisive tool that helps preserve life on Earth.As California digs itself out from staggering accumulations of snowfall, there has been a pressing question in the minds of many: Could the near-record levels of snow be enough to fill the state’s reservoirs and break the drought that has long strangled the region?

That depends on something called snowpack, which is essential to refilling the state’s reservoirs. And, indeed, snowpack in the Sierra Nevada mountains is creeping toward record levels, Karla Nemeth, director of the California Department of Water Resources, said in a statement. But, she added, “it will also take more than one good year to begin recovery.”

(The drought in the western U.S. could last until 2030. Here's why.)

So what exactly is snowpack, and why do the millions of people who live in the West depend on it? Here’s what you need to know.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

What is snowpack?

Snowpack is just what it sounds like: Layers of snow that are packed together on the ground. This occurs when snow falls in mountainous areas with below-freezing temperatures, allowing it to accumulate on the ground and stick around for months at a time. With each fresh dusting of powder, it becomes deeper and more compact.

When temperatures begin to rise, the snowpack begins to slowly melt—steadily filling surrounding rivers, reservoirs, and groundwater aquifers throughout the spring and summer months. This water that was stored within the snowpack is called snowmelt.

Temperature and wind play a role in how deep snowpack can get: Strong winds can erode the top layers while higher temperatures can cause it to melt too early in the season. (More on that in a bit.)

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Why is it important?

States in the West rely on snowpack to get them through the hot and dry season that’s only getting hotter and drier with climate change. The Sierra snowpack, for example, supplies about a third of California’s water, while the Rockies are essential water sources for states such as Arizona and New Mexico.

And it doesn’t just impact drinking water. These states also depend on snowpack for hydropower and irrigation to grow fruits, nuts, and other produce.

(How dusty snow is making the western drought worse.)

Nature also depends on snowpack, according to the Yale School of the Environment. Wolverines, for example, build their dens high in the mountains where the snowpack is too dense for predators to follow. Snow cover provides insulation for tree root systems to protect them from freezing above-ground temperatures, and it offers camouflage for animals with white coats. Changes to the timing or abundance of snowmelt can also disrupt fish spawning.

Finally, humans also rely on it for recreation. Avid skiers and snowboarders often keep track of how much snowpack has accumulated on their favorite slopes because deeper snowpack can prolong skiing season—while particularly shallow snowpack can create avalanche conditions.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: Cattle gather around a pond on a ranch in Snelling, California, in May 2021, as the state entered an extreme drought emergency. Climate change is driving a decline in snowpack levels across the state, and contributing to drought conditions. Photograph by Justin Sullivan, Getty Images

Climate change and snowpack

Despite occasionally epic snow seasons, climate change is driving a decline in snowpack in the U.S. From 1955 to 2022, snowpack declined by about 23 percent, according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Those declines are particularly prominent in Washington State, Oregon, Northern California, and the northern Rockies.

Warming temperatures in the winter and spring are also causing the snow to melt earlier than it did in the past. The EPA notes that the length of “snowpack season,” as it’s called, has decreased by 18 days on average. This shift means that the runoff from the snowmelt doesn’t last for as long into the summer as it once did—leaving the reservoirs to dry up again.

(The science connecting wildfires to climate change.)

Beyond drought, this has other implications for the West. Studies show that earlier snowmelt leads to more wildfires and longer wildfire seasons. As Nat Geo has previously reported, that’s because it gives plants and soil more time to dry out—making them more susceptible to burning.