A new national park in Chile will protect 141,000 acres of biodiverse ecosystem in the Atacama Desert, where a rare superbloom paints one of the world’s most barren places with red, magenta, and marigold wildflowers. Last October’s impressive display, the first in five years, inspired the government to form northern Chile’s sixth national park, Desierto Florido.

This otherworldly landscape offers many wonders besides eye-popping flora.

The Atacama, the world’s driest nonpolar desert, brims with blooms that sprout every three to 10 years; the insects and birds that rely on them; and the microorganisms that flourish in the zone’s harsh, hyper-arid core. Many of these microbes hold clues about survival on an increasingly arid Earth, as well as the potential for life beyond it.

A top-to-bottom desert adventure provides the chance to admire and protect these resilient species and aid in the search for extraterrestrial life with a citizen science project, too.

Zoom in for more detail.

Land of extremes

The 600-mile-long Atacama is wedged between the Pacific Ocean and the Andes mountains, both of which shield the desert’s core from precipitation. It’s nearly 50 times drier than Death Valley, and some weather stations here have yet to record a drop of rain.

In the past 40 years, the Atacama has seen an estimated 15 superblooms, according to the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile. The phenomenon typically occurs between September and mid-November (the Southern Hemisphere’s spring). They often follow El Niño’s warm weather; winter’s heavy rains strip the protective coat from dormant seeds, which leads to their blossoming. The magnitude of October’s bloom surprised scientists, since it occurred after the lower-than-usual temperatures of La Niña.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

(Learn why 2023 could be the year of the superbloom.)

We still have much to learn about Chile’s superbloom. According to a 2022 study in Frontiers in Ecology and Evolution, little is known about the eco-evolutionary process that desierto florido (flowering desert) triggers, such as how the plants have evolved to guarantee pollination during the rare and short blooming period.

1:01

The new park will lie near Chile’s northern coast, between the towns of Copiapó and Vallenar, says Verónica Kunze, undersecretary of tourism for the Chilean government.

In addition to its blooms, the park will give travelers a chance to explore the Atacama’s craggy southern coast, where peacock-blue waters shimmer. For astronomy fans, Atacama’s lustrous night skies give visitors rare peeks into the galaxy. “As long as you head to remote places, like Desierto Florido National Park, you’ll have fantastic stargazing,” says Timothy Dhalleine, guest engagement manager for Cascada Travel, a Chilean adventure outfitter.

A link between Earth and Mars

While preserving these blooms is important for the region’s ecosystems, Chilean microbiologist Cristina Dorador says protections should extend to the critical species we can’t see­—microorganisms.

In the northern desert’s hyperarid core, microorganisms get savvy. They nestle inside rocks and survive off minuscule water droplets from overnight fog. “It’s a microhabitat; there’s a whole ecosystem inside a rock,” Dorador says. These microscopic adaptations can teach us a lot—including lessons about life on the red planet.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

The Atacama core’s crusty salt flats and rugged valleys don’t just look Martian; in a way, they are. “The soil chemistry is quite similar,” says Dorador. That’s why astrobiologists research Atacama’s highly adaptable species to understand if life could exist elsewhere in the universe.

“In the Atacama, you can study the extreme of what at least Earth life can adapt to in terms of managing water,” says Michael Meyer, lead scientist for NASA’s Mars Exploration program. Understanding the Atacama’s microscopic life forms has helped NASA decide where to send its Mars rovers, including Perseverance’s 2021 landing in the Jezero Crater, once an ancient river delta. “We know water was there once upon a time,” Meyer says.

Studies of the red planet and the Atacama help us do more than predict life in the cosmos. “Understanding life in a desert environment allows us to prepare for the future,” says Rodrigo Gutiérrez, a systems biologist studying survival mechanisms of microorganisms and plants in the desert.

(Discover why we explore Mars—and what decades of missions have revealed.)

With the Earth becoming increasingly drought-ridden—and more than a hundred countries facing desertification—Gutiérrez hopes to find crop-survival strategies in the Atacama. He and a group of scientists have analyzed dozens of plant species in the desert core, including those similar to legumes, to understand how the flora survive.

Protecting the desert’s flora and fauna

Most of Chile’s protected areas are in Patagonia, including the newly added 10 million acres of parkland to create Patagonia National Park in 2018.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

The Atacama enjoys just a fraction of this protection—both from the government and, according to Dorador, international conservation organizations. “People have this view of the desert that there’s nothing here to protect.”

But a new Chilean government and a recent push for northern Chile protections give Atacama conservationists hope.

According to Kunze, the Council of Ministers for Sustainability has already approved three additional protected areas up north, including Iquique’s Oasis de Niebla Punta Gruesa Nature Sanctuary, designed to protect the threatened copao de Iquique cactus species in Atacama. The other two will lie in the Coquimbo region, just south of the desert, where they’ll also guard at-risk species.

“When we talk about biodiversity, people think about the Amazon or green areas. They’re, of course, important,” Dorador says. “But we also have to think about deserts. This type of life is showing another way of evolution on Earth.”

What to know



is an international astronomy facility that uses high-precision antennas to advance scientific knowledge of the universe. It is open to the public on Saturdays by reservation. Rockiology is a Johns Hopkins University–run citizen-science initiative that asks desert-goers to find and share specific rock samples (those that could contain microorganisms) across Earth’s harsh, hyper-arid deserts. Paranal Observatory is an international astronomy facility that uses high-precision antennas to advance scientific knowledge of the universe. It is open to the public on Saturdays by reservation.At Charleston landmarks such as McLeod Plantation and the Aiken-Rhett House, visitors learn how cotton and rice powered South Carolina’s economy in the 17th and 18th centuries. It’s less known that indigo was also such a vital crop for the British colony that planters called it “blue gold.” The leggy, subtropical bush produced an enchanting blue dye that was sent back to England to produce household items, military uniforms, and even Union Jack flags.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Though indigo disappeared in the American South after the Revolutionary War, it’s now making a comeback in and around Charleston. Travelers can take artisan-led workshops on how to harvest and dye with the plant, and most of all, visit historic sites which explore the ugly past of this beautiful color.

Exploring indigo’s dark history

Revered by ancient Egyptians, Greeks, and Romans for its association with power, authority, and the sacred, indigo belongs to the pea family. The British attempted to grow it as early as 1607 in Jamestown, their first colony in Virginia.

(How Charleston is telling stories about enslaved Africans in a new way.)

But it wasn’t until 16-year-old Eliza Lucas (Pinckney) came along that the crop took off. In the 1730s, Eliza’s father, a lieutenant governor stationed in Antigua, put her in charge of the family’s three plantations (and 60 enslaved people) outside of Charleston. Skilled in botany, she had her father ship her some indigo seeds.

“There was absolutely no one in the Carolina colonies that knew anything about indigo plants,” says Andrew Rodrigues, a historian at the Gullah Museum in Georgetown, South Carolina. “Her father sent an expert [African] dye maker from one of the French islands, and he taught Eliza and the [enslaved people] how to process indigo.”

Indigo soon became South Carolina’s second best cash crop. “Along with rice, it made South Carolina the wealthiest of the 13 colonies,” Rodrigues says. At one point in the 1700s, more than a million pounds of it a year were harvested, processed, and packed into cakes to be shipped back to Britain, a $40 million value today.

Enslaved laborers made the indigo bonanza possible. They were forced to work in giant brick vats where the fermenting smell and stagnant water attracted flies and mosquitoes, and with them, the constant threat of cholera, yellow fever, and malaria. It took some 180 pounds of leaves to produce one pound of indigo dye.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“There’s a reason why enslaved labor was used,” says Jeff Neale, director of preservation and interpretation at Middleton Place, a circa-1675 Charleston-area plantation where rice and indigo once thrived. “No one else would do it; conditions were horrible.”

Blue gold returns to the Carolinas

After American independence in 1776, Britain took its indigo business to India and U.S. farmers stopped growing the plant. Most denim makers and other manufacturers turned to chemical dyes.

Then, about a decade ago, natural indigo started resurging. Books including The Indigo Girl by Natasha Boyd, a novel about Eliza Lucas, spurred interest in its history. Textile artists, moving away from polluting petroleum-based dyes, rediscovered the ancient plants.

Despite the crop’s ubiquity in colonial times, the Otranto Plantation Indigo Vat, in Berkeley County, South Carolina, is one of the only tangible sites left behind. A historical marker spotlights two 14-by-14-foot brick basins where indigo would have been processed. “During its heyday, the dye was brewed in vats as large as swimming pools,” Neale says.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Today, Middleton Place grows indigo again, and museum employees give demonstrations on dyeing and explain the brutal labor required to dig reservoirs for water, plant, harvest, and process the indigo.

(Find out why Charleston is on our 2023 Best of the World list.)

The Gullah Geechee people, descendants of enslaved Africans forced to work plantations in coastal South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, still live on the islands and Lowcountry along the southeastern United States coast. Today, the Gullah Museum in Georgetown explores the region’s history.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: Indigo plants grow at Ogee Farms on Johns Island, South Carolina.

Other traces of indigo appear in unexpected places through South Carolina’s Lowcountry. Many homes are accented with sky blue paint, often called “haint blue.” Enslaved people started the custom, covering their doors, shutters, and entryways with a potion made of indigo, dirt, lime, and milk. It was meant to ward off evil spirits, or “haints.” Today, the shade remains popular on Southern porch ceilings.

How to get your hands blue

Travelers can try indigo crafts themselves at workshops and retreats run by artisans in and around Charleston.

Caroline and David Harper started CHI Design Indigo in Charleston about nine years ago, focusing on eco-conscious fashion as well as historic preservation. Before starting her business, Caroline had attended an indigo workshop in Japan, only to realize the plant was native to the Carolinas. The Harpers now hold indigo classes and retreats throughout the year.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Leanne Coulter and Rhonda Davis run Daufuskie Blues studio out of a 1930s schoolhouse on remote Daufuskie Island, South Carolina, accessible only by ferry from Hilton Head. “I was shocked to learn indigo was here in our backyard, growing wild,” Davis says. “It’s leftover from the days of indigo plantations.”



And textile artist Leigh “Madame Magar” Magar offers one- to three-day workshops on her property on Johns Island near Charleston, which once held an indigo plantation.

At the workshops, students learn the basics of dyeing, folding pieces of fabric and cinching them with string, then dipping them into vats of blueberry-hued indigo. The cloth comes out looking greenish before exposure to the air turns it a rich blue.

Indigo isn’t restricted to the South. Kenya Miles first discovered it while living in California. “A friend from El Salvador said people there were using indigo, and we were trying to do sustainable work,” she says. Miles learned how to work with it, and now lives in Baltimore, Maryland, where she runs Blue Light Junction, a studio with a color lab and dye garden. “People are hungry for indigo,” she says.Everyone has a story about hitting a rough patch of air, those hair-raising moments when suddenly more than the plane is flying. Bellies drop, drinks slop, and people caught in the aisle lurch against seats. In rare cases, it can even mean more than bumps or bruises.

In air travel, turbulence is a certainty and a major source of flight anxiety for flyers of all stripes. But understanding what causes turbulence, where it occurs, and the high-tech tools pilots use to make air travel safer and more comfortable may help settle even the most anxious flyer’s nerves.

What is turbulence?

The definition of turbulence is fairly straightforward: chaotic and capricious eddies of air, disturbed from a calmer state by various forces. If you’ve ever watched a placid thread of rising smoke break up into ever more disorganized swirls, you’ve witnessed turbulence.

Rough air happens everywhere, from ground level to far above cruising altitude. But the most common turbulence experienced by flyers has three common causes: mountains, jet streams, and storms.

Just as ocean waves break on a beach, air also forms waves as it encounters mountains. While some air passes smoothly over and onward, some air masses crowd against the mountains themselves, left with nowhere to go but up. These “mountain waves” can propagate as wide, gentle oscillations into the atmosphere, but they can also break up into many tumultuous currents, which we experience as turbulence.

Disorderly air associated with jet streams—the narrow, meandering bands of swift winds located near the poles—is caused by differences in wind velocities as an aircraft moves away from regions of maximum wind speeds. The decelerating winds create shear regions that are prone to turbulence.

And though it’s easy to understand turbulence created by thunderstorms, a relatively new discovery by researchers is that storms can generate bumpy conditions in faraway skies. The rapid growth of storm clouds pushes air away, generating waves in the atmosphere that can break up into turbulence hundreds to even thousands of miles away, says Robert Sharman, a turbulence researcher at the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR).

Each of these scenarios can cause “clear air turbulence,” or CAT, the least predictable or observable type of disturbance. CAT is often the culprit behind moderate to severe injuries, as it can occur so suddenly that flight crew don’t have time to instruct passengers to buckle up. According to the Federal Aviation Administration, 146 passengers and crew were reported seriously injured by turbulence between 2009 and 2021.

Prediction improvements

Though weather forecasts and pilot reports are helpful for avoiding bumpy zones, they are relatively blunt tools, Sharman says. Weather models can’t predict turbulence at airplane-sized scales, and pilots frequently misreport turbulent locations by many dozens of miles. At NCAR, Sharman has been working since 2005 to build much more precise “nowcasting” turbulence tools.

Here’s how it works: an algorithm currently installed on around 1,000 commercial airliners analyzes information from onboard sensors to characterize each plane’s movement at any given moment. Using data on forward velocity, wind speed, air pressure, roll angle, and other factors, the algorithm generates a local atmospheric turbulence level, which is fed back into a national system every minute. Used in conjunction with national weather forecasts and models, the tool annotates forecasts with real-time conditions, which in turn helps to strengthen weather prediction models.

Over 12,000 Delta Airlines pilots currently use tablets loaded with the tool to check conditions along their flight paths. In addition to the domestic planes currently equipped with the algorithm, international carriers including Qantas, Air France and Lufthansa will also join in. And Boeing has begun to offer the algorithm as a purchase option for new aircraft, Sharman says.

“We better understand the atmosphere now, and our computing ability has meant we can provide better descriptions of turbulence,” Sharman says. “By its very nature, turbulence is so chaotic that you need a lot of computer power to throw at it before you can see what is actually happening. This observing strategy is a breakthrough for us.”

Related: airportraits show what it would look like if all the planes took off at once Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. 1 / 10 1 / 10 <p>This composite image was created at London Heathrow Airport's runway 09L between 7 a.m. and 10 a.m. Mornings at Heathrow are typically some of the busiest times for arriving aircraft, as waves of widebody jets from Asia and North America complete their long haul flights to London.</p> This composite image was created at London Heathrow Airport's runway 09L between 7 a.m. and 10 a.m. Mornings at Heathrow are typically some of the busiest times for arriving aircraft, as waves of widebody jets from Asia and North America complete their long haul flights to London. Photograph by Mike Kelley

Costs of turbulence

Part of the anxiety around turbulence is the fear of the aircraft failing. It’s a natural response, especially if you’ve had the experience of watching a wing bend to a seemingly impossible degree.

“I once had a person in front of me start screaming that we were all going to die because she saw the wingtip flexing,” recalls Marilyn Smith, an aeronautics engineer at Georgia Tech. “It’s good that the wing flexes; if it was so rigid that it didn’t, the plane would probably be so heavy that it couldn’t fly. Everything on a plane has been tested to within an inch of its life so that it won’t fail.”

In addition to physical tests in labs, where full-sized aircraft are subjected to stresses above and beyond what they’d encounter while airborne, Smith says that high-powered computing has made it possible to digitally model a wider range of hypothetical scenarios. Monitoring for maintenance issues has improved as well: onboard sensors keep track of components known to be vulnerable to fatigue, and flag that part for inspection or replacement.

Could airplane design be changed to eliminate the experience of turbulence altogether? Smith says likely not, at least in the near term. One area of research is looking at the possibility of instant reaction to sudden gusts by altering the airflow around the surface of the wing itself—though Smith warns that this is an extremely difficult problem to solve while keeping an airplane lightweight, low-cost and energy efficient.

Fassi Kafyeke, head of innovation at Bombardier, is looking to electrical propulsion technology as one way of altering the shape and feel of tomorrow’s airplanes. Without the need to confine smaller electric engines beneath the wing, they could be located almost anywhere on a plane’s body along with multiple smaller fans to propel the plane forward.

Though design changes like those would mainly address efficiency, turbulence does play a factor in aircraft performance and energy consumption: Flight path and altitude changes to avoid turbulence is estimated to cost U.S. airlines as much as $100 million a year, and burn an additional 160 million gallons of fuel per year.

Climate shifts could exacerbate those costs even more. Paul Williams, an atmospheric scientist at the University of Reading in the U.K., has estimated that by 2050 to 2080, changes to the jet stream from climate change will result in an increase of clear-air turbulence of 113 percent over North America, and as much as 181 percent over the North Atlantic. He’s currently working with Airbus to translate those projections into aircraft design parameters.

“The planes that manufacturers are designing today will still be flying in the 2050s, 60s, and 70s, and they’ll need to withstand the buffeting they’ll get,” Williams said. “It’s early stages yet, but they’re already looking at whether there will be the need for tweaks to their airframes to make them more robust.”

How to cope

Armed and ready though you may be with knowledge of meteorology and engineering, there are a few more solid strategies to plan for and cope with turbulence once on the plane.

Fly early in the day and sit as far forward in the plane as you’re able, says Heather Poole, a flight attendant for 21 years and author of the book Cruising Attitude.

“Turbulence is worse at the back of the plane,” she says. “There have been times when I’ve seen the folks in coach holding on like it’s a rodeo, and I’ve had to call the cockpit because they experience it differently up there.”

Stay buckled up, even when the seatbelt light is off, Poole adds, since even a loosely fastened belt will keep you from hitting your head on the overhead bins. And don’t try to hand babies across the aisle or give coffee back to cabin crew who are trying to secure loose objects.

She also suggests just mentioning to your flight crew if you have anxiety—they’ll go out of their way to check on you if things get bumpy. Apps like My Radar and Soar also can also demystify what’s in the sky ahead.

“That’s what the fear is about, mostly, the lack of a sense of control,” Poole says. “If you learn more about the weather, and what it is, and where turbulence might be, then you have a better sense of how it happens and that you’ll be okay.”Thousands of years ago, the site now known as Ocmulgee Mounds, in central Georgia, was a thriving Indigenous center. Artifacts found there date as far back as 8000 to 1000 B.C. In the 18th century, it was the hub for some 60 villages that made up the Muscogee (Creek) Nation.

Now, the Muscogee—one of the largest tribes in the United States—and local partners are leading an initiative to declare Ocmulgee Mounds the first national park in Georgia. If successful, Ocmulgee will also be the first national park co-managed by a removed tribe, one of the five forced from their lands in the summer of 1836 in a tragedy that history recalls as the Trail of Tears.

Although Congress has yet to schedule a vote, the bill has drawn bipartisan support. For the Muscogee, national park status is a way to ensure Ocmulgee’s future.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“We never know what’s going to happen through administration changes and we want to make sure that this land is forever protected,” says Tracie Revis, director of advocacy for the Ocmulgee National Park and Preserve Initiative (ONPPI) and a citizen of the Muscogee Nation.

Here’s what to know about this long-inhabited area—before the national park groupies arrive.

The land of bubbling water

The earthen mounds were built by hand around A.D. 900, with water brought from the nearby river, giving the site its name. (Ocmulgee is the Hitchiti word in the Muskogean language for “bubbling water.”) Early Mississippian people used these mounds for a variety of significant purposes, including as funerary sites containing a hundred graves, and the village chief’s residence on the tallest mound.

The arrival of the British in 1690 attracted more Europeans, all wanting to stake a claim to the traditional Muscogee territory. In time, the Muscogee and other tribes were forced to relocate to Oklahoma, where the Muscogee set up its modern capital of Okmulgee. Their ancestral home was sold off to local families.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

In the ensuing decades, what remained of the site degraded. In the 1870s, the Central of Georgia Railroad cut through the Funeral Mound and plaza, displacing the graves of the ancient Mississippians to make way for tracks connecting Macon to Savannah.

Then in the 1920s, artifacts and graves were uncovered spurring the largest archaeological dig in American history. From 1933 to 1941, archaeologists unearthed three million items, including pottery and tools.

(At the crossroads of the Trail of Tears, Little Rock reckons with its history.)

Protecting a prehistoric site

Shortly after the artifacts were discovered, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, a frequent visitor to the polio treatment center in nearby Warm Springs, worked with Congress to set aside 2,000 acres for a national park. “He just felt that this was a very spiritual place,” says Revis. But by the time the bill was signed into law on June 14, 1934, it was instead designated as a national monument, protecting only 678 acres.

Locals are now hoping to revive the effort. In 2019, a feasibility study was undertaken to determine if Ocmulgee Mounds meets the criteria for national park status, including its historical and cultural significance as well as logistical concerns like access. Legislation is expected to make its way through Congress this year, finally determining the site’s future.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

National park status will expand Ocmulgee’s footprint and open recently acquired land to the south, including parts of Bond Swamp National Wildlife Refuge, to the public. Visitors will be able to camp and even hunt in a preserved section, unusual for a national park.

(See America’s parks with Indigenous peoples who first called them home.)

“The preserve side is for attracting those sportsmen who travel the world for these unique outdoor, recreational experiences,” says Seth Clark, ONPPI’s executive director. “Inside the proposed boundary are some of the best hunting and fishing land in the Southeast.”

If the bill passes, Clark hopes more people will appreciate a cultural wonder in America’s southeast: “Seventeen thousand years, that's a considerable amount of history here.”

What to know



Plan your trip around the



During Macon’s annual Admission is free to Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park , where visitors can wander pathways, see replicas and artifacts inside the visitor’s center, and even climb to the top of a mound via a wooden platform. Eight miles of trails wind through forest and wetlands near the river.Plan your trip around the Ocmulgee Indigenous Celebration , an annual event in the fall that gathers Creek, Cherokee, Choctaw, and other tribes for a weekend of lectures and demonstrations of crafts and dances.During Macon’s annual Cherry Blossom Festival in the spring, rangers lead lantern-lit interpretive tours of the park.Less than a three-hour drive from São Paulo city lies one of the most threatened rainforests in the world, and it isn’t the Amazon.

Hugging Brazil’s southeastern coast, the Atlantic Forest is one of the world’s eight “hottest hot spots” for biodiversity, sheltering flora and fauna found nowhere else on Earth. However, more than 80 percent of this UNESCO World Heritage site’s tree cover has been lost to climate change and other human activities, such as agriculture and urbanization, while the Amazon has lost 19 percent. Today only seven percent of the Atlantic Forest is left.

But new research finds that the forest offers a unique opportunity for landscape restoration, which would protect endangered species and valuable water resources. What’s more, restoring the forest would make the area—and the planet as a whole—more resilient to climate change.

Emerging ecotourism is helping by shining a light on the forest’s many natural wonders, among them bioluminescent mushrooms and hundreds of caves. At the same time, these efforts are boosting the country’s rural economy and improving the quality of life for the more than 145 million Brazilians, including Indigenous communities, who call the biome home. Here’s how to experience the remnants of this ancient forest.

Mushrooms all aglow

The Atlantic Forest once comprised 330 million acres across Brazil and into Paraguay, Argentina, and Uruguay. Today mostly disconnected fragments dot Brazil, but travelers can find biodiversity rivaling the Amazon in the Ribeira Valley, the forest’s largest intact area. One highlight in this lush zone is the world’s highest concentration of glowing mushrooms.

University of São Paulo associate professor Cassius Stevani leads visitors on nighttime hunts for neon fungi at the IPBio Betary Reserve, a 148-acre stretch of rainforest dedicated to conservation, research, and sustainable tourism.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: During the day, mycena lucentipes appear ordinary. But at night, they emit a luminous neon-green glow and flourish in the humidity on tree trunks and fallen branches that line the forest floor. Right: These tiny fungi are among the 27 of a hundred known species of bioluminescent mushrooms worldwide that have been found in the Atlantic Forest.

The primary objective of these treks, offered monthly except in August and September, is to teach travelers about IPBio’s research. The tours and the research facility’s upcoming Museum of Bioluminescence give back, too, by funding further scientific study and conservation at the reserve.

(Here’s why California is having an epic ‘supershroom’ season.)

Of around a hundred bioluminescent mushroom species identified around the world, 27 have been found in the reserve. “While bioluminescent fungi can be found in several places worldwide, Ribeira Valley is the only place now where we can find such diversity of different species in a relatively small area,” says Stevani, the scientist responsible for bringing increased attention to fungi bioluminescence for decades. “On top of that, we know specifically when and where to find them.”

The least studied organisms that emit cold visible light, bioluminescent mushrooms had long been a mystery. That changed in 2015 when Stevani and a team of researchers at IPBio discovered why they glow: to attract insects and spiders that help spread their spores throughout the forest.

(Visit these eight glow-in-the-dark spectacles around the world.)

Stevani, who earned a doctorate degree on the chemiluminescent reaction mechanism involved in glow sticks, says IPBio’s work offers the potential to discover new tools for academic and commercial applications, such as the ability to detect toxins in soil and genetically engineer plants to light up our homes.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Trekking through a wet forest in the dark can be an eye-opening adventure for travelers. But experiences like this are also an important way to preserve the forest, which is home to 72 percent of Brazil’s population. That includes communities living in quilombos, rural settlements founded by enslaved Africans.

(For Brazilians living in quilombos, their identity was forged through resistance.)

“When we didn’t have tourists here, people would resort to hunting or extracting the heart of palm [juçara palm] and that’s harmful to the environment,” says Marina Santos Cruz, a tour guide from São Paulo who is among those living in the biome.

Five centuries of intense logging, agriculture, and urban growth in cities like São Paulo degraded one of the richest natural areas on the planet to fragments. Growing sustainable tourism provides an economic alternative in the Ribeira Valley, one of the poorest and most under-developed areas in São Paulo, Brazil’s richest state.

“Tourism awakens in people the importance of preserving the Atlantic Forest, its beauty and richness of organisms,” Stevani adds. “The more people are made aware, the greater the strength in the fight to preserve the forest.”A kaleidoscopic cloud hangs over India, where revellers mark the arrival of spring by throwing powdered dye with abandon, spraying water, and flooding the streets for raucous fun. Holi may be traditionally Hindu, but everyone is equal during this holiday. This year on March 8, color will hide all class lines, the caste system will disappear, and foreigners will join the locals.

Underneath the dancing and colorful chaos lies unique culture and deeply rooted tradition. Here’s what you need to know about Holi.

1. The fun starts early

The colorful party makes up just one part of Holi. The night before, on Holika Dahan (the evening of bonfires), revelers set a symbolic effigy ablaze to commemorate the demise of the demoness Holika. People throw the famed, colored powder on Rangwali Holi, the second and most famous day of the festival. People prepare much earlier by purchasing the powder and kids excitedly practice their aim. In the Braj region of India, Holi celebrations stretch for 16 days.

1:14

2. Good triumphs over evil

Holi gets its name from Holika, the demoness sister of evil King Hiranyakashyap in Hindu mythology. As the story goes, the villainous king tried to forbid his son Prahlad from worshiping one of the Hindu gods, Vishnu, but Prahlad persisted despite his father. So the king ordered Prahlad and Holika (who was immune to fire) to sit on a pyre, a wooden structure for burning a body as part of a funeral or execution. When the flames struck, Holika burnt to death in spite of her immunity to fire, and miraculously Prahlad prevailed because he called on the help of Lord Vishnu. So Holi celebrations serve as a reminder of the triumph of good over evil, reflecting the Hindu belief that faith and devotion leads to salvation that can be attained by everyone who believes.

3. Getting stuffed

Families across India lovingly prepare gujiya, a dumpling-like sweet that filled with dried fruits and nuts spiced with cardamom. Countless variations exist, but common fillings include pistachios, cashews, coconut, and raisins, which everyone enjoys during fiery Holika Dahan.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

4. Toasting with cannabis milk

Some people toast Holi with a bhang–a milky beverage mixed with a paste of the buds and leaves of cannabis grown high in the Himalayas. Consumed for 3,000 years, this cannabis milkshake connects through mythology to the powerful monk god Shiva–and sold in government-run bhang shops.

5. Why the dye?

Legend holds that after being cursed with blue skin by a demon, Krishna worried that his fair-skinned consort, Radha, would no longer love him. When he complained to his mother Yashoda, she teasingly replied for Krishna to paint Radha’s face whatever color he chose, so he did. The flying multihued pigments, called gulal, remind of the story of Krishna.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

(Learn about Holi with your kids.)

6. Natural roots, modernized

Back in the day, gulal was made from flowers, spices, and other natural materials like the brilliant Indian Coral Tree and the Flame of the Forest plants, offering medicinal properties and benefits for the skin. Synthetic dyes became common in the mid-19th century. Today, most gulal used during Holi is synthetic from China, although the Indian government promotes national products and return to plant-based dyes. In 2012, around 200 people were admitted to a Mumbai hospital suffering from color poisoning.

7. Meaningful colors

Much more than painting a pretty picture, the colors hold special significance. Red dye symbolizes love, fertility, and matrimony. Blue represents Krishna, while green stands for new beginnings.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

8. Cleaning up

To preempt disaster, Hindus are advised to moisturize hair and skin well to help prevent the gulal from staining. Clothes typically do not survive.

9. Joining the fun

Holi expands well beyond the Indian continent. Hindus celebrate in Bangladesh and Pakistan, plus other countries with large diaspora populations like Suriname, South Africa, and Malaysia. The United Kingdom and the United States also hold parties, concerts, and events across the country, making it possible for many to join the festivities.If you want to see where dinosaurs walked and giant, ancient centipedes crawled, just follow their footprints. That’s what scientists are doing in New Brunswick, Canada, where the world’s highest tides rush and recede over 40 feet twice per day in the Bay of Fundy. Amid rugged foothills and rock cliffs along the Atlantic Ocean, this phenomenon is revealing one of North America’s richest caches of fossils.

While researchers make most of the discoveries in this less visited province, citizen scientists—students, local residents, and even visitors—have been involved in a number of significant finds. It’s a welcome assist in a place where a piece of the ancient history puzzle might vanish as quickly as it emerges.

“It’s a race against the tides,” says Matt Stimson, a geology and paleontology curator at the New Brunswick Museum in Saint John, the province’s largest city. “Mother Nature is doing the excavation work for us. Something new is continually exposed. But it can also be erased.”

Here’s how travelers can see fossils—and help find new ones.

Zoom in for more detail.

A rich fossil record

Scientists have recognized New Brunswick’s paleontological abundance since the 1840s, when coal mining revealed fossilized flora and fauna. Over the Earth’s three evolutionary eras, the region has been a volcanic incubator of invertebrate life; an oxygen-rich, biodiverse rain forest that gave rise to dinosaurs; and a tundra dominated by furry, roving giants like mastodons.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Significant recent discoveries include invertebrate and vertebrate tracks trapped in stone along the beaches of the Atlantic coast. “When we stopped looking just for bones, the discoveries were eye-opening,” Stimson says. “An animal can only leave one body or skeleton, but thousands of footprints.”

New Brunswick Museum research associate Olivia King has made several notable finds over the past three years. They include the jaw of a proto-reptile about the size of a salamander and the tracks of the continent’s earliest, possibly tiniest, dinosaur (about two inches long).

(These are some of the world’s best spots to see dinosaur bones.)

“Until recently, people thought all the important fossils were being found in Nova Scotia,” she says of the province southeast of New Brunswick on the Bay of Fundy. Nova Scotia is sometimes called the “coal age Galapagos” due to its fossilized trees, trilobites, and early reptiles from the Carboniferous Period (about 359 to 299 million years ago). “But what we’re finding in New Brunswick is equivalent to or older than sites in Nova Scotia,” says King.

Citizen scientists have turned up many recent finds. Two local college students, Luke Allen and Rowan Norrad, uncovered hundreds of artifacts over the last few years. They include the wing imprint of a previously unknown falcon-sized dragonfly and amphibian footprints dating to Romer’s Gap, a largely undocumented break in the tetrapod (four-limbed animal) fossil record.

How to go fossil hunting

Travelers can dip into New Brunswick’s fossil history at parks and preserves up and down the province’s 1,400-mile-long coastline. Tour guides lead walking, hiking, and paddling excursions. There’s also beachcombing at low tide, when the water recedes as much as 650 feet and you can walk along the gurgling mudflats of the ocean floor.

(Mysterious New Mexico rock formations stand where dinosaurs once roamed.)

You can also go fossil spotting on your own, but consult a tide chart for safety; you have about six hours between the water’s lowest and highest points. Once the tide begins to roll in, it rises a foot every six minutes, and can easily overwhelm a beach in less than an hour.

Some fossil footprints—stuttering zigzags of toe and tail-drag impressions—are found embedded in cliffs; others turn up in rocks the tides scatter across the sand. By provincial law, discoveries must be left in place—like crime scene evidence—and reported to the New Brunswick Museum, which then deploys researchers to evaluate them. If the find is significant, you might see your name recorded in the museum.

To experience the ancient side of New Brunswick, base yourself in Saint John, part of the UNESCO Stonehammer Geopark. Start at the New Brunswick Museum, where more than 23,000 fossils include a juvenile mastodon that perished about 80,000 years ago.

Head 30 miles east to the UNESCO Fundy Biosphere Region, more than a million acres of rugged woodland and craggy coastline stretching from the village of Saint Martins nearly to the Nova Scotia border. Along the biosphere’s beaches, there’s fossil hunting when the waves slurp out.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

About an hour-and-thirty-minute drive north, the otherworldly red sandstone cliffs of Dennis Beach and neighboring Waterside Beach have revealed ancient tetrapod and proto-dinosaur footprints. Visitors can go tide pooling here to see tunicates or sea squirts.

Sixty-five miles northeast of Saint John, Cape Enrage gets its name from the turbulent waters that churn over its reef at low tide. The six-acre provincial park offers rappelling, zip-lining, and beach fossil tours where you can spot ferns and large, bamboo-like Calamites.

Hopewell Rocks, New Brunswick’s marquee attraction, is about 20 miles northeast of Cape Enrage. It holds the province’s largest concentration of sea stacks, free-standing rock formations whittled out of the coastline during the last ice age. A limestone ledge along the far end of the beach preserves 340-million-year-old stromatolites, blue-green algae masses that range from the size of a grapefruit to the height of a toddler.Thousands of years ago, an artist painstakingly carved the silhouette of a big cat into a rockface near AlUla, Saudi Arabia. The feline form, with its flat facial profile, long tail, and lithe figure, is clearly an Arabian leopard. The majestic animal was once a common predator in the region, and the ancient artist captured the creature at its most animated—poised to pounce on some unseen prey. The artist is long gone, and fears are growing that the Arabian leopard may soon be gone too—none have been observed in AlUla for over a decade. Every year, hundreds of species become extinct with even more creeping toward that fate being classified as vulnerable, endangered, or, like the Arabian leopard, critically endangered. Around the world, conservationists are working to save some of the most threatened species through reintroduction programs that restore animals to places from which they have disappeared—efforts that could bring species like the Arabian leopard back from the brink.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Restoring lost species to their natural habitats is more than a gesture, it can be vital to maintaining the biodiversity that underpins a healthy ecosystem: Take away even one species and the ripple effects can be extensive. Before the reintroduction of wolves into the park in 1995, stands of willow and aspen trees in Yellowstone National Park in the U.S. were in decline, beaver populations were shrinking, and even rivers flowed differently. The problem contributing to the park’s imbalance was the eradication of wolves decades earlier. Effectively hunted out of the park by the 1930s, wolves no longer posed a threat, and elk flourished and overgrazed the park’s saplings so that new trees struggled to grow.

With fewer trees, beaver numbers dropped, causing the course and even the water temperature of Yellowstone’s rivers to change. The careful reintroduction of wolves to recovery sites in Yellowstone has seen beaver and tree populations restored to balance.

This notable success highlights the power of reintroduction programs to actively re-establish species, but it can be a lengthy, complicated, and costly process. The first step is to establish the need for reintroduction by monitoring a species’ numbers and range, and understanding the rate, causes, and impacts of its decline. Even using technology such as drones and camera traps, precise numbers are still hard to obtain. However, any species classified as “critically endangered” on the IUCN Red List are at “extremely high risk of extinction” and likely to need human intervention to survive. This often starts with detailed scientific studies of the animal, its behaviors, and even its genetics to determine what’s needed for a successful reintroduction.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Reintroductions usually demand a sizeable and healthy animal stock, presenting conservationists with the conundrum that species scarcity or sickness is usually the catalyst for action. Sometimes animals from other wild populations can be translocated, but great care must be taken not to harm those source populations. Often new stock needs to be propagated using captive breeding programs, and these are much more scientific than just putting males and females together and letting nature take its course. Genetic diversity is essential to a successful captive breeding program—and a species’ survival—so detailed records of each animal’s ancestry are kept, and breeding pairs are carefully selected based on their genetics to avoid inbreeding. Even the temperament of an animal may be taken into account. Still, the mating game can be a slow and frustrating process.

In addition to breeding genetically appropriate animals, the recovery site itself needs to be ready to receive them. Although the species may have historically thrived in a particular location, its suitability isn’t always a given. The species’ decline is likely linked to ongoing environmental factors, including climate change, invasive species, and diminishing food supply, as well as human factors such as pollution, land development, or persecution. Solving these underlying problems is fundamental to a reintroduction’s success, but takes research, time, and effort.

Beyond this, the recovery site may need to be adapted. Temporary fencing can help to maintain control, reducing risks from invasive species and minimizing human impact while the reintroduction becomes established. The area may also benefit from re-wilding, boosting other native plants and animals to create a habitat that best meets the species’ essential needs, including shade, shelter, and food. The goal is to minimize human intervention and build a self-sustaining colony as part of a healthy ecosystem. Whether this succeeds or fails, ongoing monitoring of a reintroduced population provides crucial lessons for future programs, increasing their chance of success.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

This could be good news for the Arabian leopard. With less than 200 left in the wild and no documented sightings of a leopard in Saudi Arabia since 2014, a crucial reintroduction program has been commissioned to bring the big cat back from the brink. It began with efforts to establish their numbers in Saudi Arabia, but while camera traps captured images of thousands of animals at 13 sites over two years, not a single leopard was observed. It’s a disappointment that has reinforced fears for the species, and resulted in an even greater sense of urgency to this big cat’s conservation.

The plan is constantly evolving, following the science as data is meticulously gathered. It currently centers on reintroducing at least five captive-bred leopards to three priority sites by 2030, including Harrat Uwayrid and Harrat AlZabin. These near-neighboring locations provide the extensive mountain terrain Arabian leopards need—rock ledges and caves for hunting and shelter. These habitats are being scientifically scrutinized to establish the extent of vegetation, the numbers of potential prey, and the activities of potential competitors, such as wolves. Analyses of these crucial factors will determine each site’s final suitability and dictate any modifications, from restoring native vegetation to reinforcing prey numbers of gazelle and ibex to ensure they can sustain the reintroduction.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

From a sandy, rock-strewn floor, an Arabian leopard cub launches itself onto the branch of a tree. She slips, recovers, and gets back up again—it’s all part of learning to be a leopard. This is Amal and great things are expected of her; even her name means “hope.” Born in the captive breeding program at Taif, she is now one of 19 Arabian leopards cared for in captivity that are the vital link to the future of the species. They will continue to breed, growing in numbers until finally cubs can be released into the wild where they will roam, watched over by specially trained rangers tasked with anti-poaching efforts, scientific monitoring, and community education efforts. It’s a truly ambitious project—and one with high hopes. For now, the poised figure of Amal forms a fragile but breathtaking link to the past as the legacy of the Arabian leopard echoes through the ages.

Journey through time to discover the rich history of AlUla here.A billion years ago, if you’d looked out from the top of Michigan’s now densely forested Summit Peak, you’d have seen a fiery, volcano-lit battleground. Steaming fissures, molten rocks, and lava flows dominated the landscape.

The dramatic scene was caused by one of the Earth’s grandest volcanic events. “Around 1.1 billion years ago,” says Esther Stewart, a geologist for the Wisconsin Geological and Natural History Survey, “the continent we call North America started to rip apart.” The Midcontinent Rift caused a nearly 1,300-mile horseshoe-shaped gash from Lake Superior west to modern-day Kansas and east toward Ohio.

Driving along Lake Superior, from Michigan through Wisconsin into Minnesota, visitors can retrace the results of this billion-year-old story via cascading waterfalls, red sandstone sea caves, and towering cliffs. It’s a hidden landscape for most travelers to the Midwest—unless you know what to look for.

A molten history

Geologists agree the Midcontinent Rift was caused by a mantle plume—a chimney of extra-hot rock that rises from deep in the Earth’s interior, stretching the land above until it breaks—similar to how Hawaii was formed. (Imagine a wax bubble inside a lava lamp rising—then splitting the bubble above). The rift largely produced flows of basalt, runny lava that formed low-lying shield volcanoes. “You’d have fissures, these big long cracks,” Stewart says. “They might have been kilometers long with this runny basalt lava coming out of them.”

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

But unlike most basalt flows—such as the Columbia River basalts covering Washington State—the lava didn’t make it far. “The Lake Superior area is a very unusual case,” says Tyrone Rooney, professor of igneous petrology and geochemistry at Michigan State University. “Most of the time, flood basalts erupt onto a flat area and then spread out.” Instead, he describes how these lavas filled up an existing basin and created stacks of basalt much thicker than average. The Greenstone Flow alone pooled to some 1,600 feet deep. “It was so massive that it differentiated within the rift. You can see it across the green and black rocks of the Keweenaw Peninsula. It’s a fascinating place.”

(Volcano tourism is booming, but is it too risky?)

Some geologists, including Stewart, argue mountain formations to the east reversed the rift; others, like Rooney, believe it was the continent moving at high speeds—much faster than today’s fingernail-esque pace. “When you do that sort of movement,” he argues, “it does all sorts of things to the mantle beneath. It’s still an area of active research.”

Regardless of the reasons why, over roughly 30 million years, the Midcontinent Rift produced more than 240,000 cubic miles of volcanic rock—44 times the volume of all the Great Lakes combined.

Now imagine what we’d see if the water weren’t there.

“Below Lake Superior, it’s insane,” says George Hudak. The senior geologist at the University of Minnesota Natural Resources Research Institute describes how tens of kilometers of sedimentary rocks piled into the rift as it opened up, covering a molten, volcanic sea. “This was one of the biggest magmatic events to ever occur on Earth,” he says.

Those sediments would become important, too—they’re responsible for beloved spots like the Apostle Islands and Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore.

Zoom in for more detail.

On the path of volcanoes

Today, volcano-chasers in Michigan can head from the rhyolite-rich Porcupine Mountains up to the tip of the Keweenaw Peninsula, via M-41 to Copper Harbor, to see lava flows visible in the roadcuts. Rooney adds that, across Michigan’s Upper Peninsula, visitors can discover stromatolites, the oldest known fossils. “If you look at some of these conglomerates, you can see odd layers. Some of these layers are actually early forms of very small life.”

At High Rock Bay, on the peninsula’s tip, travelers can see where these conglomerate layers made contact with lava flows—the tops of flows are where to look for the region’s sought-after agates.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

From Michigan, volcanology fans can road trip west along Wisconsin’s northern coast to Potato River Falls and Copper Falls State Park, “where you can walk from the volcanics into the sedimentary rock,” says Stewart. Other Wisconsin spots include the Saint Croix National Scenic Riverway; Pattison State Park, home to Wisconsin’s tallest waterfall; and Interstate State Park, where the St. Croix River churns through a deep basalt gorge.

(The best way to see the beauty of America’s Great Plains? On foot.)

Then it’s up to Duluth and Minnesota’s North Shore, where things get truly wild. “Just driving around Duluth you can see some of the earliest intrusions associated with the Midcontinent Rift, layered just like sedimentary rocks,” says Hudak. He recommends visiting Leif Erikson Park, where “you can actually see pahoehoe lava flows, like Hawaii and Iceland”; Tettegouche State Park’s Palisade Head, where more explosive rhyolite formed columns great for rock-climbing; and Gooseberry Falls, where a series of lava flows have built up five waterfalls and walkable spots like Picnic Flow.

“My favorite spot,” Hudak adds, “is a mile east of Spirit Mountain, in Duluth. You can actually stand under lava flow number one—the first lava flow associated with this world-changing event. Talk about spectacular.”We can learn a lot about a place when we allow our senses to guide us. While exploring Abu Dhabi, aromas that commonly delight and intrigue include heady oud wafting from incense burners in souks and malls, along with fruity-smelling smoke puffed out by shisha pipes across cafés. On the taste side, cumin, saffron, and cardamom are just some of the spices that feature heavily in many of the traditional dishes that please the palate and tell the story of the emirate’s cuisine. A sensory-led journey through Abu Dhabi will not only grip you; it will help to illuminate many aspects of the emirate’s culture, such as the connection between coffee, or gahwa as it is known in the region, and hospitality.

Nothing says Abu Dhabi quite like the scent of coffee infused with flavors such as cardamom and rose water. Gahwa is a symbol of hospitality and holds great importance in Emirati culture. Such is gahwa’s significance to Abu Dhabi, and the UAE as a whole, its one-dirham coins pay homage to it by depicting the dallah, the traditional Arab coffee pot. The pot’s unique form, from its crescent-shaped spout to its spire-shaped lid, has become a symbol of local coffee culture. There is even an oversized dallah-shaped sculpture in Abu Dhabi’s Union Square, further emphasizing the utensil’s place in Emirati national consciousness.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Some believe that coffee was first brought to the region, known today as the UAE, by Muslims returning from Haj in Mecca, around the 15th century. Regardless of how the beverage made its way here, its popularity quickly spread in the Arabian Peninsula, taking on a life of its own complete with rituals and etiquette.

This etiquette is an important display of hospitality in Emirati society, thought to hail from the days when Bedouins relied on reciprocal generosity. The person tasked with serving gahwa, known as muqahwi, holds the dallah in his left hand and the finjaan (cups with no handles) in his right. He then serves gahwa starting with the most important person in the room followed by those on his right. Once a guest is finished and no longer wants a refill, they should shake the cup, alerting the muqahwi that they’re done. Although admittedly, once you start it’s hard to stop, no matter how ill-advised it is to keep guzzling a heavily caffeinated beverage.

The process of making gahwa is an elaborate affair, however, today some of the steps are omitted. The roasting is mostly done by machines where traditionally the process began with converting the beans into coffee by sorting, washing, and drying the beans, then roasting them until they turned red or brown. The roasted beans are ground with a mortar and pestle—a noisy process tinged with nostalgia for older generations of Emiratis. The rhythmic clanging evokes memories of coffee being made at dawn and is seen as an invitation to awaken and join the rest of the family before the start of the day.

Once roasted, the beans are boiled in the dallah, releasing a pungent aroma. Added spices and flavourings, such as cardamom, saffron, rose water, and cloves infuse the coffee, giving rise to a distinctive, sweet scent that has become synonymous with hospitality, family, generosity.

If you’re looking to recreate the experience at home, it is worth making the trip to Souk Al Zafarana in Al Ain to buy supplies. A nose-led adventure awaits you in its alleys where you can shop for an array of spices, including those used in gahwa, as well as the dallah. Shop here at your own peril, though, if you’re short on luggage space; it’s hard to resist the medley of handicrafts, perfumes, and trinkets.

As demand for specialty coffee soars and independent shops pop up across the emirate, the Department of Culture and Tourism - Abu Dhabi is working to preserve traditional gahwa through the Gahwa Championships at Al Hosn Festival. At the festival, participants are tested on their knowledge of gahwa heritage, along with bean selection, and the way the beverage is prepared. The initiative helps to protect and document gahwa as a precious Emirati tradition.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

One thing gahwa shares with traditional Abu Dhabi cuisine is the sense of community and connection it evokes. Emirati dining is largely a communal affair; picture giant pots of gently spiced food being shared by the family, the scents of cinnamon and saffron surfing the air. Emirati food can be largely understood through the country’s geography and trading heritage. An amalgamation of Asian and Middle Eastern influences, major ingredients include rice, fish and meat cooked with nuts, limes, dried fruit, and ghee.

One popular dish is ayesh muhamar, rice cooked with date molasses and served with fish. The flavor profile is typical of Emirati dishes, which often combine sweet with savoury. Machboos, a much-loved dish made with rice together with chicken, lamb, fish or shrimp, is a regular fixture during weekend family lunches. Bzar, the spice mix that is used, varies from household to household and is typically a closely guarded family secret. Machboos, together with another local favorite that has taken on a form of its own, biryani, are living testaments to the UAE’s trade history with India and the historic region of Persia.

An interesting breakfast favorite is balaleet, which is comfort food at its finest—and if you’re looking for a less-than-conventional way of having your eggs in the morning, this one is for you. Traditionally it is a combination of vermicelli noodles cooked with sugar, saffron, and cardamom and topped with—here comes the curious part—an omelet.

While a number of restaurants offer Emirati cuisine, the truth is these dishes are best enjoyed homemade. If you happen to make friends with a local during your stay and they invite you to share a meal at their home, this is an opportunity not to be missed.

No invite? No problem. Take an aromatic trip through one of Abu Dhabi’s main souks and browse some of the most popular produce shopped for by locals and residents. The rows of colorful produce at the Al Mina Fruit and Vegetable Souk offers a plentitude of photo opportunities for those with no space left in their luggage looking to take some snaps home instead. It’s also a great place to shop for a firm staple in Emirati cuisine, the date. From plain dates to ones stuffed with pistachios, orange peel, or covered with chocolate, there’s a wide array to sample and buy.

Neighboring Mina Zayed fish market is also worth a visit, where you can window shop and then eat local fish at one of the restaurants under the same roof. Delicious, fresh seafood cooked to perfection certainly comes a close second to a traditional Emirati homecooked meal.On a lake that’s notoriously harsh to humans, the Apostle Islands are a relatively sheltered place. But that doesn’t mean they’re safe.

“This is no place for amateurs,” says Dave Cooper. He’s piloting the Ardea, a 25-foot aluminum landing craft typically built for the Pacific Ocean, through Lake Superior’s choppy waters on the way back from Devils Island, 14 miles offshore. Today the wind is blowing from the northeast at 20 to 25 knots and the waves are five feet high. Cooper, the Apostle Islands National Lakeshore’s cultural resource manager, is running the troughs and surfing the crests.

“It’s like riding a horse,” he says. “I’m just trying to make it a smooth ride.”

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Over the course of three decades working as an archaeologist on Lake Superior, Cooper has participated in dozens of harrowing search and rescue missions. The Apostles are “a chain of islands that attracts people to paddle long distances,” says Cooper. “In theory it offers more protection, but it also offers enticement to get people in over their heads.”

Other threats loom. With climate change, the lake is warming at an alarming rate of at least one degree Fahrenheit every decade. Storms are becoming increasingly fierce, battering infrastructure such as docks, causing shoreline erosion, and increasing the amount of sediment in the lake, which can lead to algal blooms.

But the Apostles have their devotees, such as Tom Irvine, executive director of the National Parks of Lake Superior Foundation. His great-grandfather and great-great-grandfather worked together as lighthouse keepers on Outer Island.

0:11

“The Apostles get in you and hold you,” says Irvine. “That’s what it’s done for my family. It’s part of our collective soul.”

In the summer of 2020, Irvine introduced National Geographic Explorer and photographer David Guttenfelder to the islands. Guttenfelder, an experienced kayaker, decided to test the waters on an ambitious 18-day trip, during which he planned to paddle to as many of the archipelago’s 22 islands as possible. “The lake has such incredible power,” he says. “I got hooked.”

And so in August 2021, I joined Guttenfelder for a segment of his kayaking journey and explored other islands on my own. Along the way I met with conservationists, scientists, and community members, many of whom have lived and worked here for decades. Their backgrounds were diverse, but everyone shared the same deep veneration for the Apostles.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“It’s easy to be reverential surrounded by this,” says Neil Howk, a retired interpretive ranger who has worked in the park for 35 years. We’re in an old-growth forest on Outer Island where the towering hemlock, white pine, yellow birch, and cedar are so thick that sun streaming through the sparse understory appears like shafts of light in a cathedral.

A few hundred yards away, the waves of Lake Superior are crashing against the shore. The forest dampens the roar, and we’re enveloped in near silence.

Earlier that afternoon our group had landed our kayaks at the northern tip of 7,999-acre Outer, which sits 28 miles into Lake Superior and is one of the least visited of the Apostles.

Despite its remoteness, Outer was heavily logged starting around 1883. Between 1942 and 1963, lumberjacks flew in via light aircraft to cut yellow birch and sugar maple to manufacture baby cribs. When they were finished, the logging camp was left to rot.

The towering trees surrounding us right now, however, were spared. “This is probably the same as it looked 400 years ago,” says Howk.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: In an image taken while the camera was upside down, a reflection of fall colors in the shallow waters of Stockton Island appears at the top of the frame.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Wilderness, as defined by the 1964 Wilderness Act, is “an area where the earth and its community of life are untrammeled by man.” The reality in the Apostles, though, is that humans have nurtured, utilized, and domesticated these islands for centuries. The result is a postmodern wilderness, one of the rare places that, with time and proper management, have reclaimed much of their original splendor.

But if we view the Apostles only as a now pristine wilderness in which to recreate, we miss pondering how the Ojibwe thrived in this rugged terrain for centuries; how European settlers tried, oftentimes unsuccessfully, to tame it, and later, how they extracted resources that built great cities.

The layers of human history here started with nomadic hunter-gatherers who followed caribou around the Lake Superior Basin 11,000 years ago. The earliest archaeological evidence of seasonal camps within the Apostle Islands is 5,000 years old. More than 400 years ago, following a prophecy, the Ojibwe moved west from the St. Lawrence River Valley and settled on Mooningwanekaaning-minis, or “Home of the yellow-breasted woodpecker,” which is now Madeline Island.

“Madeline Island is our homeland,” says Christopher D. Boyd, chairman of the Red Cliff Band of Lake Superior Chippewa (the anglicized word for Ojibwe), whose 14,541-acre reservation sits adjacent to the park’s mainland shoreline. “That’s the hub of our nation, but all of the islands are our home.”

The largest island in the archipelago, 15,359-acre Madeline is the only Apostle not included in the national lakeshore. In the late 1600s, French fur traders established a trading post on Madeline, which grew to become an important commercial hub on Lake Superior.

It’s also where the Ojibwe leader Kechewaishke (Chief Buffalo) was born around 1759. In 1852, when he was in his 90s, he set off in a birchbark canoe for Washington, D.C., where he met with President Millard Fillmore to protest the removal of the Ojibwe to reservations farther west by the U.S. government. At that time, the journey was deemed a “success”: Fillmore allowed the Ojibwe to remain on Lake Superior.

In 1855, a wave of European immigrants began arriving in the Apostles when the Soo Locks opened the Great Lakes to shipping and westward expansion. To guide the ships through the treacherous Superior waters, the U.S. Lighthouse Service built nine lighthouses in the Apostles region over the course of six decades. All had intricate Fresnel lenses; the only one still in its tower is on display at the Devils Island lighthouse.

By the late 19th century, the fertile waters surrounding the islands had become one of the largest commercial-fishery sources for lake herring and whitefish on the western end of Lake Superior, while the islands’ interiors were being slashed by timber companies, quarried for Lake Superior sandstone, and farmed.

With the arrival of railways, northwestern Wisconsin had also become a popular tourist destination. In the 1920s, President Calvin Coolidge set up his summer White House on the Brule River near the Apostles.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: Park ranger Fred Schlichting wears a period uniform and assumes the role of Lee Ellsworth Benton, head lighthouse keeper on Raspberry Island between 1914 and 1924. The lighthouse is one of six on the Apostle Islands listed in the National Register of Historic Places.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Despite their appeal as a haven from the big cities, the Apostles did not meet the exacting standards of the National Park Service.

In 1930, landscape architect Harlan Kelsey arrived to evaluate the archipelago for potential protection. During his visit, fires raged on some islands, and he predicted the whole area would soon become “a smoldering, desolate waste.” His report declared that “the hand of man has mercilessly and in a measure irrevocably destroyed [the islands’] virgin beauty.”

After the heaviest logging ceased, around 1930, a surprising thing happened. When left alone by humans, the isolated forests started to regenerate. It would take three more decades of regrowth and tireless advocacy by Wisconsin senator Gaylord Nelson to convince Congress that these islands were worthy of protection. In 1970, President Richard Nixon finally signed the legislation that declared the Apostle Islands a national lakeshore.

Today the archipelago is a thriving habitat for more than 800 plant species, including bird’s-eye primrose, elegant groundsel, and the forest-loving coralroot orchid. Many of the islands’ forests have a soft, lush understory of Canada yew, a green shrub with tubular red cones nicknamed “deer candy” that has all but disappeared on the adjacent mainland.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

0:56

The islands’ deer population has been kept in close check by the National Park Service, and the resulting abundance of Canada yew contributes to an ideal habitat for the American marten, a state-endangered mammal that had all but disappeared from the islands before making a slow recovery; it’s now found on 11 islands. Given their complex biogeography, the islands also support a diverse population of other predators, such as black bear, bobcat, coyote, and gray wolf.

Avian life thrives as well. The islands are home to around 140 species of breeding birds and 200 species of migratory birds. In the summer of 2021, the gravelly sandspits of Long and Outer Islands were nesting sites for five of the 74 known nesting pairs of the vulnerable but growing Great Lakes population of piping plover. They’re an important bioindicator of Great Lakes sandscapes, not to mention an important part of the region’s natural heritage.

The national lakeshore islands even serve as a refuge for a finite group of humans. There are five remaining estates, two on Sand Island and three on Rocky Island, whose families have negotiated lifetime use and occupancy agreements with the National Park Service. Their fishing shacks, cabins, compounds, and docks are owned by the Park Service, but each family works hard to maintain them in accordance with the rules of historic preservation. In exchange, they have exclusive use until the last person named on the agreement dies.

Phebe Jensch, one of the last remaining Islanders, as they’re called, describes her family’s connection to Sand Island this way: “It’s our church, our home, and our spiritual center.”

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

In June 2021, Jim Pete, a tribal elder from the Red Cliff Band of Lake Superior Chippewa, whose Ojibwe name is Guyaushk, or Seagull, invited us to join a group of nine 13- to 18-year-old boys from Red Cliff on their five-day camping trip to 2,949-acre Sand Island.

Four miles from the mainland, Sand is one of the closest and most popular islands to visit, with its 1881 lighthouse and sea caves. Between the 1890s and 1944, a vibrant community of Norwegian fishermen, farmers, and their families lived here, the national lakeshore’s only year-round residents. On the island’s south end is the still inhabited settlement of Shaw Point.

When we arrive at the campsite, nestled in a grove of hardwoods above a sandy beach on the island’s eastern shoreline, we find the campers engrossed in a game of capture the flag, a can of mosquito repellent standing in for the flag. Scott Babineau, a tribal leader and the camp director, is frying fish with three other staff members while corn on the cob cooks in the embers of the fire.

The Ojibwe campers are here, Babineau explains, to discern “a life’s purpose.” With traditional activities such as wigwam and fire building, fishing, and plant identification, as well as discussing challenging topics like intergenerational trauma, the goal is to help the kids “start thinking ahead,” says Babineau. “I want to help the kids understand that their actions have consequences.”

The Apostle Islands are at the center of the Ojibwe migration story, the spot from which “the Ojibwe tribe first grew, and, like a tree, has spread its branches in every direction,” according to the writings of famed 19th-century Ojibwe scholar William Warren. Despite the islands’ importance, however, many of the kids had never had the opportunity to set foot on any of them until this trip.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“I’d say 90 percent of our tribal members have never been to the islands,” Chairman Boyd later told me. “It’s a haven for tourists, but you have to have access to a boat, and that isn’t easy to get ahold of.”

He adds that the band hasn’t always felt welcomed by the National Park Service. But things are changing. In June 2021, for the first time in the park’s history, a ceremony was held during which the Red Cliff Band’s flag was hoisted at the Little Sand Bay Visitor Center.

After dinner around the campfire, Babineau announces that the trip must end prematurely the next morning because the winds are forecast to pick up the next afternoon, making it too dangerous for the long paddle back to the mainland.

The teens groan in response. When I ask them what their favorite part of the experience has been, I get a volley of answers, from “surfing waves” and “swimming” to “being free from video games and electricity.”

Camper Cody Engels says, “It’s a better version of school, and the food is really good.” Then he adds, “Plus I learned how to survive out in nature.”

“This is wisdom gathered from the elders,” Guyaushk tells me. “It’s important that we talk about how we are supposed to be.”





Stephanie Pearson is the author of the National Geographic book 100 Great American Parks. Photojournalist and National Geographic Explorer David Guttenfelder focuses on conservation, culture, and geopolitical conflict. Follow him on



This story appears in the National Geographic magazine. This story was originally published on April 19, 2021. It has been updated with additional text and photographs.is the author of the National Geographic book. Photojournalist and National Geographic Explorerfocuses on conservation, culture, and geopolitical conflict. Follow him on Instagram This story appears in the March 2023 issue ofmagazine.Millions of visitors arrive in Singapore each year, eager to check off their bucket list of hiking through the futuristic Supertrees at Gardens by the Bay or taking in the panoramic views from the Skybar atop the Marina Bay Sands. While these once-in-a-lifetime experiences are worth the trip, Singapore is much more than its popular tourist attractions. Push the boundaries beyond what’s listed in the travel brochure and discover Singapore from a different level. In this reimagined trip, you’ll find a deeper connection, a richer understanding, and delightful surprises hidden in the most familiar places. Here’s a local’s guide on what to do with 48 hours in this flourishing city.





DAY ONE

Morning: Birdwatching in the urban jungle

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

At dawn, bird lovers armed with cameras and binoculars head to rural areas like Sungei Buloh Wetland Reserve and Jurong Lake Gardens, hoping to catch a glimpse of the blue-and-yellow mangrove blue flycatcher to the yellow-necked lesser adjutant, which resembles a creation dreamt up by a Muppets puppeteer. Verdant canopies all around Singapore provide shelter for more than 300 native bird species and 170 migratory birds, making Singapore a birder’s dream destination.





Mid-morning: Feast on traditional fare

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Kick off your morning with an old-school breakfast of kaya toast, soft-boiled egg, and kopi (coffee) at Chin Mee Chin Confectionery, one of the oldest coffee shops in Singapore in the Joo Chiat/Katong neighborhoods. Then, stock up on authentic Nyonya snacks at heritage bakeries and cafés or shop for sarong kebayas and beaded crafts at Peranakan boutique shops. A must-visit for many Singaporean families is Kim Choo Kueh Chang, a beloved institution in Katong for nearly 80 years. From grandparents to grandkids, multiple generations have made a special trip to pick up Kim Choo Kueh Chang’s glutinous rice dumplings, with fillings ranging from sweet coconut to savory mushrooms, pork, and chestnut. Finally, cool off from the afternoon heat with an icy house-made treat from Birds of Paradise Gelato Boutique. The Michelin-recognized gelateria infuses its gelato and sorbets with fresh fruit, herbs, flowers, and spices, and shines with Southeast Asian flavors like white chrysanthemum and lychee raspberry.





Afternoon: Mold traditional earthenware

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Concealed inside a jungle on the west side of Singapore, Thow Kwang Pottery Jungle is a hidden gem that even many Singaporeans are unaware of. This nearly 60-year-old family-owned pottery factory carries a treasure trove of peony-adorned Peranakan ware, blue-and-white vases, Buddha statues, and pieces by local artists. Visitors can go on a guided tour to see how clay is turned into ceramics in Singapore’s oldest surviving dragon kiln or try their hand at the potter’s wheel by signing up for a pottery workshop.





Evening: Sunset sail around the coast

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Watch the mesmerizing sunset as you sail around the coast of Singapore on the Royal Albatross, the region’s only luxury tall ship. Launched in 2001, the superyacht’s sails and rigging were designed by Jim Barry, who also worked on the Hollywood blockbuster Pirates of the Caribbean. Guests board the ornate ship from Resorts World Sentosa, and cruise around the calm ocean waters while enjoying live entertainment and a four-course dinner.





Night: A toast to the city

One of the best things about a city that doesn’t sleep is the endless nightlife options, especially around Marina Bay. If you’re a beer aficionado, you should head up to LeVel33, the world’s highest microbrewery. Pair freshly shucked oysters with the elegant LeVeL33 Brut Beer, brewed with the same yeast as the Champagne Barons de Rothschild. Or if you’re in the mood for a refreshing summery cocktail, check out Vue, Singapore’s first rooftop spritz bar.





DAY TWO

Morning: Hike amongst treetops

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Many of Singapore’s parks are connected through a network of green corridors, trails, and bridges. One of the most eye-catching connectors is the Henderson Waves bridge, Singapore’s highest pedestrian bridge that links Telok Blangah Hill Park and Mount Faber Park. To get a full workout, embark on a 6-mile Southern Ridges hiking trail that starts from Mount Faber to Kent Ridge Park. During the treetop forest walk, hikers are rewarded with stunning views of the city, the ocean, and the surrounding rainforests.





Mid-morning: Stroll around Chinatown

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

One of the original ethnic enclaves in Singapore, Chinatown is a multicultural blend of the past and the future. It’s home to some of the oldest places of worship in the country, including the Hindu Sri Mariamman Temple, the Buddhist Thian Hock Keng Temple, and the Masjid Jamae mosque. And within the historic shophouses, you’ll find trendy boutiques, souvenir shops, and stylish cafés. After you’ve worked up an appetite exploring Chinatown, stop by Amoy Street Food Centre for an inexpensive Michelin-worthy lunch. There are four Bib Gourmand hawker stalls at the legendary food center, including A Noodle Story and J2 Famous Crispy Curry Puff.





Afternoon: Learn the art of tea at Tea Chapter

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

A former British colony, Singapore’s affinity for tea is almost built in its national identity. However, in a multicultural country, that love extends to the frothy teh t­arik (Malay pulled tea), Indian chai, and traditional Chinese tea. To learn more about the latter, locals frequent Tea Chapter in the heart of Chinatown. The three-story shophouse is a tranquil space for tea lovers who want to sample refined white tea, earthy pu er, or floral jasmine tea in a traditional setting.





Evening: Fire up your appetite

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Head to the Dragon Chamber for dinner—if you can find it. The entrance to this Chinese underworld-inspired speakeasy is hidden behind a glass fridge tucked in the corner of a classic Singaporean coffee shop. The unconventional 45-seat main dining room features bold murals from regional artists and an eye-catching bar modeled after a traditional medicine hall. Dragon Chamber specializes in guerilla-style dishes that range from fusion (cheeseburger egg rolls) to bizarre (braised crocodile foot) to extravagant (noodles with wagyu short ribs and truffle gravy).

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

What Singapore lacks in size, it makes up for in creativity. Its vast richness can be found in little-explored corners, alleyways, and neighborhoods. Even as Singapore’s urban landscape continues to evolve, time-honored traditions continue to be safeguarded. Behind the island’s high-tech image, there’s a hidden side that’s waiting to be explored. For a glimpse of the often unseen side of Singapore, visit National Geographic’s virtual gallery, where six renowned photographers set out to capture the country’s essence in the most unexpected places.Some might be surprised to discover that Abu Dhabi is an emirate of diverse landscapes and that, contrary to a somewhat popular misconception, it isn’t only surrounded by desert. You can start your day overlooking the verdant greenery of the mangroves close to the city, spend the afternoon meandering through the Al Ain oasis, shaded by date palm trees, and round off with an adventure in the craggy, muted, and yet somewhat ethereal terrain of the Jebel Hafit Desert Park. Abu Dhabi is also home to hardy flora and fauna that have adapted to survive and thrive in the local climate.

Our first stop takes us to Jubail Mangrove Park, a forest featuring a fascinating tree known as the mangrove. Growing along muddy coasts, these distinctive trees are easily recognizable by their visible root tips that shoot up from the ground. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to describe Abu Dhabi’s mangroves as the emirate’s guardians—after all, not only do these unique trees protect the coast from rising sea levels and storms, but they also capture and store carbon from the atmosphere.

While the mangrove park serves an important environmental function, it is also an ideal spot for those looking for time out of the city. Jubail Mangrove Park is sprawled across just over seven square miles of land. The best way to explore this area and see the trees up close is by kayaking; a rove through the tranquil channels of water that home the mangroves gives you the chance to fully explore the area from the most intriguing vantage point. While the park is primarily a mangrove sanctuary, depending on the time of year, you will also have the opportunity to see the variety of wildlife that live in the area, such as dolphins, dugongs, and sea turtles. If kayaking sounds too physically demanding, you can also choose to walk the boardwalk that zigzags the area and explore that way instead.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

For those who cannot get enough of this special tree, there is also Mangrove National Park, a peaceful reserve where more than 60 bird species can be spotted. Similar to Jubail Mangrove Park, families, photographers, bird watchers, and outdoor enthusiasts can explore the area by kayak or on foot. Those visiting during the hot summer months can opt to enjoy views of the mangroves from afar instead at one of the lounges at the nearby Anantara Eastern Mangroves Abu Dhabi Hotel. While this may not be the quintessential great outdoors experience, sometimes lunch with a view will also do nicely.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Our next stop is away from the capital at an oasis that is believed to have irrigated, and thus sustained, one of the world’s oldest permanently inhabited settlements more than 4,000 years ago. Al Ain Oasis, the UAE’s first UNESCO World Heritage Site, is home to more than 147,000 date palm trees that green the desert and provide a respite for those yearning for cooler temperatures. The date palm tree has an enduring significance in the United Arab Emirates and the region: Able to withstand harsher conditions, the tree provides its well-known fruit and its fronds as material for traditional dwellings and various household goods. The date palm and its associated traditions were added to the UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage list in 2019, which further sealed the tree’s importance in the region.

Sprawling, shaded walkways provide the perfect opportunity to explore on foot or by bike. While making your way around the oasis you’re likely to come across its greatest curiosity: A traditional irrigation system called a falaj. Consisting of narrow waterways that carry fresh spring water from neighboring mountains, the falaj is a perfect example of human ingenuity. The system brings water from wells through the use of gravity, with water then funneled via a complex system of underground and surface channels to irrigate the oasis. This system was likely shared by Al Ain’s inhabitants thousands of years ago, so seeing it up close at the oasis, you can’t help but be impressed by the resourcefulness that led to its creation. An education center at the oasis offers visitors a glimpse into how the system works, housed in an eco-friendly building.

Nearby is our next and final stop, the Jebel Hafit Desert Park. Found at the base of the Jebel Hafit mountain, which at around 3,800 feet is one of the UAE’s highest peaks, the park offers a rugged landscape for people to explore. And there are many ways to get around here, so take your pick—you can use a mountain bike, ride a horse or camel, or go manual and use your own two feet to hike the various trails.

Happen to be a history buff? Your efforts will be rewarded not only with views of almost Mars-like landscapes but also with the opportunity to see 5,000-year-old tombs where the early inhabitants of Al Ain buried their dead. Artifacts found during excavations revealed trade links with ancient Mesopotamia, Iran, and the Indus Valley.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

A trip to Jebel Hafit can be turned into an overnight adventure as camping is allowed on the premises. You can bring your equipment—or choose not to, as fully serviced camping is also available. But for so-called ‘glampers,’ a night spent in one of the park’s bubble tents is the ultimate treat.

If you still haven’t had enough of the great outdoors by this point, you can add Sir Bani Yas Island to your itinerary. Accessible by car, bus or ferry, the nature-based destination is teeming with animals easily observed through a lens. Some of the island’s free-roaming guests include the majestic Arabian oryx, giraffes, cheetahs, gazelles, and hyenas. The island will certainly help to further dispel any lingering misconceptions you may have about the diversity of the emirate’s wildlife and landscapes.Few structures represent the United States as powerfully as the Washington Monument. At the center of Washington, D.C., the impressive marble obelisk (555 feet tall and 55 feet wide) pays grand tribute to the first U.S. president, George Washington. It stars in tourist selfies, postcards, and nearly every movie filmed in the U.S. capital, including some in which aliens attack it (Independence Day, Earth vs. The Flying Saucers).

But the construction of this stone salute to the Revolutionary War hero and “father of our country” was far from straightforward. It took nearly four decades to build the enormous monument in the mid-19th century, during which time it was occupied by a political fringe group, beset by controversy, and stalled by a lack of funds.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“The Washington Monument was as hotly contested in its day as Confederate statues are today,” says Erika Doss, a professor of American Studies at Notre Dame University and author of the book Monument Mania: Public Feeling in America.

Here’s how this famed presidential monument was built, and how it went from a national embarrassment to a national treasure.

Monuments for the father of a country

Proposals to build a monument to George Washington started as early as 1783, when the new U.S. Congress resolved “that an equestrian statue of General Washington be erected at the place where the residence of Congress shall be established.”

Washington was a god-like figure even before he died in 1799. He had led the Continental Army to victory over the British in the American Revolutionary War, going on to serve as the first U.S. president from 1789 to 1797. “But creating a monument for Washington wasn’t just about one man, it was about national identity,” says Paul McLane, a guide for D.C. tour company Washington Walks. “It was the U.S. saying to the world, ‘this is us.’”

In the early 19th century, the new democracy was low on money and unenthused about shelling out for fancy statues or stone tributes. So most monuments in early America were privately funded. “The U.S. government was very ambivalent about the arts. It saw decoration and ornamentation as representing royalty or the church back in England,” says Lance Humphries, executive director of the Mount Vernon Place Conservancy in Baltimore, Maryland, where the country’s first Washington Monument was completed in 1829.

Baltimore, then a booming, popular port (compared to still sleepy Washington, D.C., 41 miles south), used a public lottery to raise funds for its 155-foot-tall marble column capped by a dramatic statue of George. It took a mere four years to build.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

In early 19th-century Washington, D.C., the already dysfunctional U.S. Congress couldn’t come to a consensus on what a monument to the first president might look like or how to pay for it. Some statesmen thought Washington deserved a facsimile of Egypt’s Great Pyramid. The monument would be the first memorial on the National Mall, the two-mile-long green space at the center of the capital city.

A group of private citizens took the reins and formed the Washington National Monument Society in 1833. Members, including Supreme Court Justice John Marshall and ex-president James Madison, proposed soliciting public donations to bankroll a 600-foot-tall obelisk designed by Robert Mills, the U.S. architect behind Baltimore’s monument. Mills envisioned surrounding the monolith’s base with a columned “National Pantheon,” populated with statues of early American heroes, including George Washington driving a Roman-style chariot.

Some 20,000 guests were on hand for the laying of the cornerstone on July 4, 1848, including former First Lady Dolley Madison and Alexander Hamilton’s widow, Eliza.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

A monument starts—and stops

The society began seeking money from individual states and private citizens, who would each receive a lithograph of Mills’ original design if they donated more than $1. With $87,000 in funds, workers first installed a foundation of blue gneiss stone, then used pulleys, derricks, and other manual systems to hoist and place blocks of marble one on top of the other. The structure was held together by gravity and friction. By 1854, the monument was 156 feet tall.

(Learn about Mount Rushmore’s heartbreaking, tragic history.)

As construction proceeded, the society raised funds and interest by having states, foreign countries, Masonic lodges, and other entities donate commemorative blocks of stone to be displayed inside the shaft of the obelisk. These were mostly patriotic statements (“Illinois. State Sovereignty. National Union” reads one).

But when Vatican City sent a stone in 1854, it unwittingly helped bring the whole project to a dramatic halt. The slab of variegated marble came from a 366 B.C. temple in Rome. This riled up the anti-Catholic, anti-immigration sentiments of the Know-Nothings, a nativist political party.

Party loyalists reportedly broke into the Washington Monument site, absconding with “the Pope’s Stone” and throwing it in the nearby Potomac River. It was never recovered, but the interior walls of the finished monument hold 193 of the commemorative stones, visible on the elevator descent from its top.

The Know-Nothings then infiltrated the monument committee and essentially occupied the site from 1855 to 1858. The controversy—and the economic downturn caused by the American Civil War—essentially stopped construction. George’s obelisk remained a half-finished stump, and the land surrounding it became a cattle pasture during the war.

Finishing the job

After the Civil War ended in 1865, the incomplete monument was decried as a national embarrassment. “The ungainly old chimney…is of no earthly use to anybody else, and certainly is not in the least ornamental,” wrote Mark Twain in 1868. “It is an eyesore to the people. It ought to be either pulled down or built up and finished.”

Monument supporters successfully rallied Congress to pay for the monument to be completed, securing $200,000 to finish the job. Construction resumed in 1876. “But the government didn’t want to spend too much on the project, so there went all the froufrou around the base,” says historian John Steele Gordon, author of Washington’s Monument and the Fascinating History of the Obelisk. “What they ended up with was not at all what Mills had in mind, thank God.“ Mills sniffed that the unadorned obelisk would resemble “a stalk of asparagus.”

The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, tasked with overseeing construction, was concerned that the existing foundations wouldn’t support the original design’s 600 foot height. So they rebuilt and expanded the existing foundation and trimmed the monument’s height to 555 feet.

A newfangled steam elevator was installed to aid with construction; it would later be repurposed to take tourists on 10- to 12-minute trips to the top. By late 1884, the obelisk was completed with a capstone or pyramidion on top, making it the tallest structure in the world—at least until the Eiffel Tower came along in 1889. The Washington Monument was dedicated on February 21, 1885, the day before the first president’s 153rd birthday.

(The surprising, art-filled tale of the Lincoln Memorial.)

Since then, the monument has gotten a series of ever faster, ever fancier elevators. It closed for renovations several times over the years, including after it suffered damage during a rare-for-D.C. earthquake in 2011. The COVID-19 pandemic kept it shuttered for six months in 2020 and 2021.

Today, visitors can reserve a spot online and zip to the top of the Washington Monument. There, they find a small museum on Washington’s life as well as dazzling views of the city that bears his name. “Plus, you see the monument from all over Washington, peeking around every corner,” says Steele. “It’s iconic, the ultimate symbol of the capital.”A new national park in Chile will protect 141,000 acres of biodiverse ecosystem in the Atacama Desert, where a rare superbloom paints one of the world’s most barren places with red, magenta, and marigold wildflowers. Last October’s impressive display, the first in five years, inspired the government to form northern Chile’s sixth national park, Desierto Florido.

This otherworldly landscape offers many wonders besides eye-popping flora.

The Atacama, the world’s driest nonpolar desert, brims with blooms that sprout every three to 10 years; the insects and birds that rely on them; and the microorganisms that flourish in the zone’s harsh, hyper-arid core. Many of these microbes hold clues about survival on an increasingly arid Earth, as well as the potential for life beyond it.

A top-to-bottom desert adventure provides the chance to admire and protect these resilient species and aid in the search for extraterrestrial life with a citizen science project, too.

Zoom in for more detail.

Land of extremes

The 600-mile-long Atacama is wedged between the Pacific Ocean and the Andes mountains, both of which shield the desert’s core from precipitation. It’s nearly 50 times drier than Death Valley, and some weather stations here have yet to record a drop of rain.

In the past 40 years, the Atacama has seen an estimated 15 superblooms, according to the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile. The phenomenon typically occurs between September and mid-November (the Southern Hemisphere’s spring). They often follow El Niño’s warm weather; winter’s heavy rains strip the protective coat from dormant seeds, which leads to their blossoming. The magnitude of October’s bloom surprised scientists, since it occurred after the lower-than-usual temperatures of La Niña.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

(Learn why 2023 could be the year of the superbloom.)

We still have much to learn about Chile’s superbloom. According to a 2022 study in Frontiers in Ecology and Evolution, little is known about the eco-evolutionary process that desierto florido (flowering desert) triggers, such as how the plants have evolved to guarantee pollination during the rare and short blooming period.

1:01

The new park will lie near Chile’s northern coast, between the towns of Copiapó and Vallenar, says Verónica Kunze, undersecretary of tourism for the Chilean government.

In addition to its blooms, the park will give travelers a chance to explore the Atacama’s craggy southern coast, where peacock-blue waters shimmer. For astronomy fans, Atacama’s lustrous night skies give visitors rare peeks into the galaxy. “As long as you head to remote places, like Desierto Florido National Park, you’ll have fantastic stargazing,” says Timothy Dhalleine, guest engagement manager for Cascada Travel, a Chilean adventure outfitter.

A link between Earth and Mars

While preserving these blooms is important for the region’s ecosystems, Chilean microbiologist Cristina Dorador says protections should extend to the critical species we can’t see­—microorganisms.

In the northern desert’s hyperarid core, microorganisms get savvy. They nestle inside rocks and survive off minuscule water droplets from overnight fog. “It’s a microhabitat; there’s a whole ecosystem inside a rock,” Dorador says. These microscopic adaptations can teach us a lot—including lessons about life on the red planet.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

The Atacama core’s crusty salt flats and rugged valleys don’t just look Martian; in a way, they are. “The soil chemistry is quite similar,” says Dorador. That’s why astrobiologists research Atacama’s highly adaptable species to understand if life could exist elsewhere in the universe.

“In the Atacama, you can study the extreme of what at least Earth life can adapt to in terms of managing water,” says Michael Meyer, lead scientist for NASA’s Mars Exploration program. Understanding the Atacama’s microscopic life forms has helped NASA decide where to send its Mars rovers, including Perseverance’s 2021 landing in the Jezero Crater, once an ancient river delta. “We know water was there once upon a time,” Meyer says.

Studies of the red planet and the Atacama help us do more than predict life in the cosmos. “Understanding life in a desert environment allows us to prepare for the future,” says Rodrigo Gutiérrez, a systems biologist studying survival mechanisms of microorganisms and plants in the desert.

(Discover why we explore Mars—and what decades of missions have revealed.)

With the Earth becoming increasingly drought-ridden—and more than a hundred countries facing desertification—Gutiérrez hopes to find crop-survival strategies in the Atacama. He and a group of scientists have analyzed dozens of plant species in the desert core, including those similar to legumes, to understand how the flora survive.

Protecting the desert’s flora and fauna

Most of Chile’s protected areas are in Patagonia, including the newly added 10 million acres of parkland to create Patagonia National Park in 2018.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

The Atacama enjoys just a fraction of this protection—both from the government and, according to Dorador, international conservation organizations. “People have this view of the desert that there’s nothing here to protect.”

But a new Chilean government and a recent push for northern Chile protections give Atacama conservationists hope.

According to Kunze, the Council of Ministers for Sustainability has already approved three additional protected areas up north, including Iquique’s Oasis de Niebla Punta Gruesa Nature Sanctuary, designed to protect the threatened copao de Iquique cactus species in Atacama. The other two will lie in the Coquimbo region, just south of the desert, where they’ll also guard at-risk species.

“When we talk about biodiversity, people think about the Amazon or green areas. They’re, of course, important,” Dorador says. “But we also have to think about deserts. This type of life is showing another way of evolution on Earth.”

What to know



is an international astronomy facility that uses high-precision antennas to advance scientific knowledge of the universe. It is open to the public on Saturdays by reservation. Rockiology is a Johns Hopkins University–run citizen-science initiative that asks desert-goers to find and share specific rock samples (those that could contain microorganisms) across Earth’s harsh, hyper-arid deserts. Paranal Observatory is an international astronomy facility that uses high-precision antennas to advance scientific knowledge of the universe. It is open to the public on Saturdays by reservation.At Charleston landmarks such as McLeod Plantation and the Aiken-Rhett House, visitors learn how cotton and rice powered South Carolina’s economy in the 17th and 18th centuries. It’s less known that indigo was also such a vital crop for the British colony that planters called it “blue gold.” The leggy, subtropical bush produced an enchanting blue dye that was sent back to England to produce household items, military uniforms, and even Union Jack flags.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Though indigo disappeared in the American South after the Revolutionary War, it’s now making a comeback in and around Charleston. Travelers can take artisan-led workshops on how to harvest and dye with the plant, and most of all, visit historic sites which explore the ugly past of this beautiful color.

Exploring indigo’s dark history

Revered by ancient Egyptians, Greeks, and Romans for its association with power, authority, and the sacred, indigo belongs to the pea family. The British attempted to grow it as early as 1607 in Jamestown, their first colony in Virginia.

(How Charleston is telling stories about enslaved Africans in a new way.)

But it wasn’t until 16-year-old Eliza Lucas (Pinckney) came along that the crop took off. In the 1730s, Eliza’s father, a lieutenant governor stationed in Antigua, put her in charge of the family’s three plantations (and 60 enslaved people) outside of Charleston. Skilled in botany, she had her father ship her some indigo seeds.

“There was absolutely no one in the Carolina colonies that knew anything about indigo plants,” says Andrew Rodrigues, a historian at the Gullah Museum in Georgetown, South Carolina. “Her father sent an expert [African] dye maker from one of the French islands, and he taught Eliza and the [enslaved people] how to process indigo.”

Indigo soon became South Carolina’s second best cash crop. “Along with rice, it made South Carolina the wealthiest of the 13 colonies,” Rodrigues says. At one point in the 1700s, more than a million pounds of it a year were harvested, processed, and packed into cakes to be shipped back to Britain, a $40 million value today.

Enslaved laborers made the indigo bonanza possible. They were forced to work in giant brick vats where the fermenting smell and stagnant water attracted flies and mosquitoes, and with them, the constant threat of cholera, yellow fever, and malaria. It took some 180 pounds of leaves to produce one pound of indigo dye.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“There’s a reason why enslaved labor was used,” says Jeff Neale, director of preservation and interpretation at Middleton Place, a circa-1675 Charleston-area plantation where rice and indigo once thrived. “No one else would do it; conditions were horrible.”

Blue gold returns to the Carolinas

After American independence in 1776, Britain took its indigo business to India and U.S. farmers stopped growing the plant. Most denim makers and other manufacturers turned to chemical dyes.

Then, about a decade ago, natural indigo started resurging. Books including The Indigo Girl by Natasha Boyd, a novel about Eliza Lucas, spurred interest in its history. Textile artists, moving away from polluting petroleum-based dyes, rediscovered the ancient plants.

Despite the crop’s ubiquity in colonial times, the Otranto Plantation Indigo Vat, in Berkeley County, South Carolina, is one of the only tangible sites left behind. A historical marker spotlights two 14-by-14-foot brick basins where indigo would have been processed. “During its heyday, the dye was brewed in vats as large as swimming pools,” Neale says.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Today, Middleton Place grows indigo again, and museum employees give demonstrations on dyeing and explain the brutal labor required to dig reservoirs for water, plant, harvest, and process the indigo.

(Find out why Charleston is on our 2023 Best of the World list.)

The Gullah Geechee people, descendants of enslaved Africans forced to work plantations in coastal South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, still live on the islands and Lowcountry along the southeastern United States coast. Today, the Gullah Museum in Georgetown explores the region’s history.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: Indigo plants grow at Ogee Farms on Johns Island, South Carolina.

Other traces of indigo appear in unexpected places through South Carolina’s Lowcountry. Many homes are accented with sky blue paint, often called “haint blue.” Enslaved people started the custom, covering their doors, shutters, and entryways with a potion made of indigo, dirt, lime, and milk. It was meant to ward off evil spirits, or “haints.” Today, the shade remains popular on Southern porch ceilings.

How to get your hands blue

Travelers can try indigo crafts themselves at workshops and retreats run by artisans in and around Charleston.

Caroline and David Harper started CHI Design Indigo in Charleston about nine years ago, focusing on eco-conscious fashion as well as historic preservation. Before starting her business, Caroline had attended an indigo workshop in Japan, only to realize the plant was native to the Carolinas. The Harpers now hold indigo classes and retreats throughout the year.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Leanne Coulter and Rhonda Davis run Daufuskie Blues studio out of a 1930s schoolhouse on remote Daufuskie Island, South Carolina, accessible only by ferry from Hilton Head. “I was shocked to learn indigo was here in our backyard, growing wild,” Davis says. “It’s leftover from the days of indigo plantations.”



And textile artist Leigh “Madame Magar” Magar offers one- to three-day workshops on her property on Johns Island near Charleston, which once held an indigo plantation.

At the workshops, students learn the basics of dyeing, folding pieces of fabric and cinching them with string, then dipping them into vats of blueberry-hued indigo. The cloth comes out looking greenish before exposure to the air turns it a rich blue.

Indigo isn’t restricted to the South. Kenya Miles first discovered it while living in California. “A friend from El Salvador said people there were using indigo, and we were trying to do sustainable work,” she says. Miles learned how to work with it, and now lives in Baltimore, Maryland, where she runs Blue Light Junction, a studio with a color lab and dye garden. “People are hungry for indigo,” she says.Everyone has a story about hitting a rough patch of air, those hair-raising moments when suddenly more than the plane is flying. Bellies drop, drinks slop, and people caught in the aisle lurch against seats. In rare cases, it can even mean more than bumps or bruises.

In air travel, turbulence is a certainty and a major source of flight anxiety for flyers of all stripes. But understanding what causes turbulence, where it occurs, and the high-tech tools pilots use to make air travel safer and more comfortable may help settle even the most anxious flyer’s nerves.

What is turbulence?

The definition of turbulence is fairly straightforward: chaotic and capricious eddies of air, disturbed from a calmer state by various forces. If you’ve ever watched a placid thread of rising smoke break up into ever more disorganized swirls, you’ve witnessed turbulence.

Rough air happens everywhere, from ground level to far above cruising altitude. But the most common turbulence experienced by flyers has three common causes: mountains, jet streams, and storms.

Just as ocean waves break on a beach, air also forms waves as it encounters mountains. While some air passes smoothly over and onward, some air masses crowd against the mountains themselves, left with nowhere to go but up. These “mountain waves” can propagate as wide, gentle oscillations into the atmosphere, but they can also break up into many tumultuous currents, which we experience as turbulence.

Disorderly air associated with jet streams—the narrow, meandering bands of swift winds located near the poles—is caused by differences in wind velocities as an aircraft moves away from regions of maximum wind speeds. The decelerating winds create shear regions that are prone to turbulence.

And though it’s easy to understand turbulence created by thunderstorms, a relatively new discovery by researchers is that storms can generate bumpy conditions in faraway skies. The rapid growth of storm clouds pushes air away, generating waves in the atmosphere that can break up into turbulence hundreds to even thousands of miles away, says Robert Sharman, a turbulence researcher at the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR).

Each of these scenarios can cause “clear air turbulence,” or CAT, the least predictable or observable type of disturbance. CAT is often the culprit behind moderate to severe injuries, as it can occur so suddenly that flight crew don’t have time to instruct passengers to buckle up. According to the Federal Aviation Administration, 146 passengers and crew were reported seriously injured by turbulence between 2009 and 2021.

Prediction improvements

Though weather forecasts and pilot reports are helpful for avoiding bumpy zones, they are relatively blunt tools, Sharman says. Weather models can’t predict turbulence at airplane-sized scales, and pilots frequently misreport turbulent locations by many dozens of miles. At NCAR, Sharman has been working since 2005 to build much more precise “nowcasting” turbulence tools.

Here’s how it works: an algorithm currently installed on around 1,000 commercial airliners analyzes information from onboard sensors to characterize each plane’s movement at any given moment. Using data on forward velocity, wind speed, air pressure, roll angle, and other factors, the algorithm generates a local atmospheric turbulence level, which is fed back into a national system every minute. Used in conjunction with national weather forecasts and models, the tool annotates forecasts with real-time conditions, which in turn helps to strengthen weather prediction models.

Over 12,000 Delta Airlines pilots currently use tablets loaded with the tool to check conditions along their flight paths. In addition to the domestic planes currently equipped with the algorithm, international carriers including Qantas, Air France and Lufthansa will also join in. And Boeing has begun to offer the algorithm as a purchase option for new aircraft, Sharman says.

“We better understand the atmosphere now, and our computing ability has meant we can provide better descriptions of turbulence,” Sharman says. “By its very nature, turbulence is so chaotic that you need a lot of computer power to throw at it before you can see what is actually happening. This observing strategy is a breakthrough for us.”

Related: airportraits show what it would look like if all the planes took off at once Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. 1 / 10 1 / 10 <p>This composite image was created at London Heathrow Airport's runway 09L between 7 a.m. and 10 a.m. Mornings at Heathrow are typically some of the busiest times for arriving aircraft, as waves of widebody jets from Asia and North America complete their long haul flights to London.</p> This composite image was created at London Heathrow Airport's runway 09L between 7 a.m. and 10 a.m. Mornings at Heathrow are typically some of the busiest times for arriving aircraft, as waves of widebody jets from Asia and North America complete their long haul flights to London. Photograph by Mike Kelley

Costs of turbulence

Part of the anxiety around turbulence is the fear of the aircraft failing. It’s a natural response, especially if you’ve had the experience of watching a wing bend to a seemingly impossible degree.

“I once had a person in front of me start screaming that we were all going to die because she saw the wingtip flexing,” recalls Marilyn Smith, an aeronautics engineer at Georgia Tech. “It’s good that the wing flexes; if it was so rigid that it didn’t, the plane would probably be so heavy that it couldn’t fly. Everything on a plane has been tested to within an inch of its life so that it won’t fail.”

In addition to physical tests in labs, where full-sized aircraft are subjected to stresses above and beyond what they’d encounter while airborne, Smith says that high-powered computing has made it possible to digitally model a wider range of hypothetical scenarios. Monitoring for maintenance issues has improved as well: onboard sensors keep track of components known to be vulnerable to fatigue, and flag that part for inspection or replacement.

Could airplane design be changed to eliminate the experience of turbulence altogether? Smith says likely not, at least in the near term. One area of research is looking at the possibility of instant reaction to sudden gusts by altering the airflow around the surface of the wing itself—though Smith warns that this is an extremely difficult problem to solve while keeping an airplane lightweight, low-cost and energy efficient.

Fassi Kafyeke, head of innovation at Bombardier, is looking to electrical propulsion technology as one way of altering the shape and feel of tomorrow’s airplanes. Without the need to confine smaller electric engines beneath the wing, they could be located almost anywhere on a plane’s body along with multiple smaller fans to propel the plane forward.

Though design changes like those would mainly address efficiency, turbulence does play a factor in aircraft performance and energy consumption: Flight path and altitude changes to avoid turbulence is estimated to cost U.S. airlines as much as $100 million a year, and burn an additional 160 million gallons of fuel per year.

Climate shifts could exacerbate those costs even more. Paul Williams, an atmospheric scientist at the University of Reading in the U.K., has estimated that by 2050 to 2080, changes to the jet stream from climate change will result in an increase of clear-air turbulence of 113 percent over North America, and as much as 181 percent over the North Atlantic. He’s currently working with Airbus to translate those projections into aircraft design parameters.

“The planes that manufacturers are designing today will still be flying in the 2050s, 60s, and 70s, and they’ll need to withstand the buffeting they’ll get,” Williams said. “It’s early stages yet, but they’re already looking at whether there will be the need for tweaks to their airframes to make them more robust.”

How to cope

Armed and ready though you may be with knowledge of meteorology and engineering, there are a few more solid strategies to plan for and cope with turbulence once on the plane.

Fly early in the day and sit as far forward in the plane as you’re able, says Heather Poole, a flight attendant for 21 years and author of the book Cruising Attitude.

“Turbulence is worse at the back of the plane,” she says. “There have been times when I’ve seen the folks in coach holding on like it’s a rodeo, and I’ve had to call the cockpit because they experience it differently up there.”

Stay buckled up, even when the seatbelt light is off, Poole adds, since even a loosely fastened belt will keep you from hitting your head on the overhead bins. And don’t try to hand babies across the aisle or give coffee back to cabin crew who are trying to secure loose objects.

She also suggests just mentioning to your flight crew if you have anxiety—they’ll go out of their way to check on you if things get bumpy. Apps like My Radar and Soar also can also demystify what’s in the sky ahead.

“That’s what the fear is about, mostly, the lack of a sense of control,” Poole says. “If you learn more about the weather, and what it is, and where turbulence might be, then you have a better sense of how it happens and that you’ll be okay.”Thousands of years ago, the site now known as Ocmulgee Mounds, in central Georgia, was a thriving Indigenous center. Artifacts found there date as far back as 8000 to 1000 B.C. In the 18th century, it was the hub for some 60 villages that made up the Muscogee (Creek) Nation.

Now, the Muscogee—one of the largest tribes in the United States—and local partners are leading an initiative to declare Ocmulgee Mounds the first national park in Georgia. If successful, Ocmulgee will also be the first national park co-managed by a removed tribe, one of the five forced from their lands in the summer of 1836 in a tragedy that history recalls as the Trail of Tears.

Although Congress has yet to schedule a vote, the bill has drawn bipartisan support. For the Muscogee, national park status is a way to ensure Ocmulgee’s future.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

“We never know what’s going to happen through administration changes and we want to make sure that this land is forever protected,” says Tracie Revis, director of advocacy for the Ocmulgee National Park and Preserve Initiative (ONPPI) and a citizen of the Muscogee Nation.

Here’s what to know about this long-inhabited area—before the national park groupies arrive.

The land of bubbling water

The earthen mounds were built by hand around A.D. 900, with water brought from the nearby river, giving the site its name. (Ocmulgee is the Hitchiti word in the Muskogean language for “bubbling water.”) Early Mississippian people used these mounds for a variety of significant purposes, including as funerary sites containing a hundred graves, and the village chief’s residence on the tallest mound.

The arrival of the British in 1690 attracted more Europeans, all wanting to stake a claim to the traditional Muscogee territory. In time, the Muscogee and other tribes were forced to relocate to Oklahoma, where the Muscogee set up its modern capital of Okmulgee. Their ancestral home was sold off to local families.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

In the ensuing decades, what remained of the site degraded. In the 1870s, the Central of Georgia Railroad cut through the Funeral Mound and plaza, displacing the graves of the ancient Mississippians to make way for tracks connecting Macon to Savannah.

Then in the 1920s, artifacts and graves were uncovered spurring the largest archaeological dig in American history. From 1933 to 1941, archaeologists unearthed three million items, including pottery and tools.

(At the crossroads of the Trail of Tears, Little Rock reckons with its history.)

Protecting a prehistoric site

Shortly after the artifacts were discovered, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, a frequent visitor to the polio treatment center in nearby Warm Springs, worked with Congress to set aside 2,000 acres for a national park. “He just felt that this was a very spiritual place,” says Revis. But by the time the bill was signed into law on June 14, 1934, it was instead designated as a national monument, protecting only 678 acres.

Locals are now hoping to revive the effort. In 2019, a feasibility study was undertaken to determine if Ocmulgee Mounds meets the criteria for national park status, including its historical and cultural significance as well as logistical concerns like access. Legislation is expected to make its way through Congress this year, finally determining the site’s future.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

National park status will expand Ocmulgee’s footprint and open recently acquired land to the south, including parts of Bond Swamp National Wildlife Refuge, to the public. Visitors will be able to camp and even hunt in a preserved section, unusual for a national park.

(See America’s parks with Indigenous peoples who first called them home.)

“The preserve side is for attracting those sportsmen who travel the world for these unique outdoor, recreational experiences,” says Seth Clark, ONPPI’s executive director. “Inside the proposed boundary are some of the best hunting and fishing land in the Southeast.”

If the bill passes, Clark hopes more people will appreciate a cultural wonder in America’s southeast: “Seventeen thousand years, that's a considerable amount of history here.”

What to know



Plan your trip around the



During Macon’s annual Admission is free to Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park , where visitors can wander pathways, see replicas and artifacts inside the visitor’s center, and even climb to the top of a mound via a wooden platform. Eight miles of trails wind through forest and wetlands near the river.Plan your trip around the Ocmulgee Indigenous Celebration , an annual event in the fall that gathers Creek, Cherokee, Choctaw, and other tribes for a weekend of lectures and demonstrations of crafts and dances.During Macon’s annual Cherry Blossom Festival in the spring, rangers lead lantern-lit interpretive tours of the park.Less than a three-hour drive from São Paulo city lies one of the most threatened rainforests in the world, and it isn’t the Amazon.

Hugging Brazil’s southeastern coast, the Atlantic Forest is one of the world’s eight “hottest hot spots” for biodiversity, sheltering flora and fauna found nowhere else on Earth. However, more than 80 percent of this UNESCO World Heritage site’s tree cover has been lost to climate change and other human activities, such as agriculture and urbanization, while the Amazon has lost 19 percent. Today only seven percent of the Atlantic Forest is left.

But new research finds that the forest offers a unique opportunity for landscape restoration, which would protect endangered species and valuable water resources. What’s more, restoring the forest would make the area—and the planet as a whole—more resilient to climate change.

Emerging ecotourism is helping by shining a light on the forest’s many natural wonders, among them bioluminescent mushrooms and hundreds of caves. At the same time, these efforts are boosting the country’s rural economy and improving the quality of life for the more than 145 million Brazilians, including Indigenous communities, who call the biome home. Here’s how to experience the remnants of this ancient forest.

Mushrooms all aglow

The Atlantic Forest once comprised 330 million acres across Brazil and into Paraguay, Argentina, and Uruguay. Today mostly disconnected fragments dot Brazil, but travelers can find biodiversity rivaling the Amazon in the Ribeira Valley, the forest’s largest intact area. One highlight in this lush zone is the world’s highest concentration of glowing mushrooms.

University of São Paulo associate professor Cassius Stevani leads visitors on nighttime hunts for neon fungi at the IPBio Betary Reserve, a 148-acre stretch of rainforest dedicated to conservation, research, and sustainable tourism.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited. Left: During the day, mycena lucentipes appear ordinary. But at night, they emit a luminous neon-green glow and flourish in the humidity on tree trunks and fallen branches that line the forest floor. Right: These tiny fungi are among the 27 of a hundred known species of bioluminescent mushrooms worldwide that have been found in the Atlantic Forest.

The primary objective of these treks, offered monthly except in August and September, is to teach travelers about IPBio’s research. The tours and the research facility’s upcoming Museum of Bioluminescence give back, too, by funding further scientific study and conservation at the reserve.

(Here’s why California is having an epic ‘supershroom’ season.)

Of around a hundred bioluminescent mushroom species identified around the world, 27 have been found in the reserve. “While bioluminescent fungi can be found in several places worldwide, Ribeira Valley is the only place now where we can find such diversity of different species in a relatively small area,” says Stevani, the scientist responsible for bringing increased attention to fungi bioluminescence for decades. “On top of that, we know specifically when and where to find them.”

The least studied organisms that emit cold visible light, bioluminescent mushrooms had long been a mystery. That changed in 2015 when Stevani and a team of researchers at IPBio discovered why they glow: to attract insects and spiders that help spread their spores throughout the forest.

(Visit these eight glow-in-the-dark spectacles around the world.)

Stevani, who earned a doctorate degree on the chemiluminescent reaction mechanism involved in glow sticks, says IPBio’s work offers the potential to discover new tools for academic and commercial applications, such as the ability to detect toxins in soil and genetically engineer plants to light up our homes.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

Trekking through a wet forest in the dark can be an eye-opening adventure for travelers. But experiences like this are also an important way to preserve the forest, which is home to 72 percent of Brazil’s population. That includes communities living in quilombos, rural settlements founded by enslaved Africans.

(For Brazilians living in quilombos, their identity was forged through resistance.)

“When we didn’t have tourists here, people would resort to hunting or extracting the heart of palm [juçara palm] and that’s harmful to the environment,” says Marina Santos Cruz, a tour guide from São Paulo who is among those living in the biome.

Five centuries of intense logging, agriculture, and urban growth in cities like São Paulo degraded one of the richest natural areas on the planet to fragments. Growing sustainable tourism provides an economic alternative in the Ribeira Valley, one of the poorest and most under-developed areas in São Paulo, Brazil’s richest state.

“Tourism awakens in people the importance of preserving the Atlantic Forest, its beauty and richness of organisms,” Stevani adds. “The more people are made aware, the greater the strength in the fight to preserve the forest.”A kaleidoscopic cloud hangs over India, where revellers mark the arrival of spring by throwing powdered dye with abandon, spraying water, and flooding the streets for raucous fun. Holi may be traditionally Hindu, but everyone is equal during this holiday. This year on March 8, color will hide all class lines, the caste system will disappear, and foreigners will join the locals.

Underneath the dancing and colorful chaos lies unique culture and deeply rooted tradition. Here’s what you need to know about Holi.

1. The fun starts early

The colorful party makes up just one part of Holi. The night before, on Holika Dahan (the evening of bonfires), revelers set a symbolic effigy ablaze to commemorate the demise of the demoness Holika. People throw the famed, colored powder on Rangwali Holi, the second and most famous day of the festival. People prepare much earlier by purchasing the powder and kids excitedly practice their aim. In the Braj region of India, Holi celebrations stretch for 16 days.

1:14

2. Good triumphs over evil

Holi gets its name from Holika, the demoness sister of evil King Hiranyakashyap in Hindu mythology. As the story goes, the villainous king tried to forbid his son Prahlad from worshiping one of the Hindu gods, Vishnu, but Prahlad persisted despite his father. So the king ordered Prahlad and Holika (who was immune to fire) to sit on a pyre, a wooden structure for burning a body as part of a funeral or execution. When the flames struck, Holika burnt to death in spite of her immunity to fire, and miraculously Prahlad prevailed because he called on the help of Lord Vishnu. So Holi celebrations serve as a reminder of the triumph of good over evil, reflecting the Hindu belief that faith and devotion leads to salvation that can be attained by everyone who believes.

3. Getting stuffed

Families across India lovingly prepare gujiya, a dumpling-like sweet that filled with dried fruits and nuts spiced with cardamom. Countless variations exist, but common fillings include pistachios, cashews, coconut, and raisins, which everyone enjoys during fiery Holika Dahan.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

4. Toasting with cannabis milk

Some people toast Holi with a bhang–a milky beverage mixed with a paste of the buds and leaves of cannabis grown high in the Himalayas. Consumed for 3,000 years, this cannabis milkshake connects through mythology to the powerful monk god Shiva–and sold in government-run bhang shops.

5. Why the dye?

Legend holds that after being cursed with blue skin by a demon, Krishna worried that his fair-skinned consort, Radha, would no longer love him. When he complained to his mother Yashoda, she teasingly replied for Krishna to paint Radha’s face whatever color he chose, so he did. The flying multihued pigments, called gulal, remind of the story of Krishna.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

(Learn about Holi with your kids.)

6. Natural roots, modernized

Back in the day, gulal was made from flowers, spices, and other natural materials like the brilliant Indian Coral Tree and the Flame of the Forest plants, offering medicinal properties and benefits for the skin. Synthetic dyes became common in the mid-19th century. Today, most gulal used during Holi is synthetic from China, although the Indian government promotes national products and return to plant-based dyes. In 2012, around 200 people were admitted to a Mumbai hospital suffering from color poisoning.

7. Meaningful colors

Much more than painting a pretty picture, the colors hold special significance. Red dye symbolizes love, fertility, and matrimony. Blue represents Krishna, while green stands for new beginnings.

Please be respectful of copyright. Unauthorized use is prohibited.

8. Cleaning up

To preempt disaster, Hindus are advised to moisturize hair and skin well to help prevent the gulal from staining. Clothes typically do not survive.

9. Joining the fun

Holi expands well beyond the Indian continent. Hindus celebrate in Bangladesh and Pakistan, plus other countries with large diaspora populations like Suriname, South Africa, and Malaysia. The United Kingdom and the United States also hold parties, concerts, and events across the country, making it possible for many to join the festivities.