Bret Michaels celebrated his youngest daughter’s high school graduation Friday, telling the 17-year-old to "rock on!!!"

"Jorja, I'm so proud of you on your graduation," the Poison frontman wrote on his Instagram along with a photo of Jorja in her cap and gown. "You rocked with an Unbroken loving spirit. I know you're excited for the next part of this incredible journey. Rock on!!!"

Michaels signed the note "Love Mom, Raine, and Dad & dogs!"

The rocker shares Jorja and 22-year-old Raine with girlfriend Kristi Gibson.

BRET MICHAELS PERFORMS AFTER HOSPITALIZATION: FLORIDA FANS IN THE POURING RAIN ROCKED MY WORLD'

On Thursday, the 59-year-old shared a throwback photo and a current one of Gibson and his daughters for International Women’s Day.

"As the parents of two incredible daughters, Kristi & I cannot be more grateful for all of the strong, brave, resilient & incredible #women that have helped shape not just our past, but our present & our future and opened up such incredible opportunities for them, giving them such courage & strength to rock on," he captioned the post.

The older photo showed the family of four gathered around a billiard table with a preteen Jorja beaming a big smile at the camera. In the second photo, the three more grown-up women looked glammed for a photo shoot in black tops and jeans.

The rocker gave another shoutout to his daughter Tuesday, writing, "A big congratulations to my youngest daughter @jorjamichaels on it being her last day of school."

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

Jorja poked fun at her graduation, writing on her social media, "released from my 4 year sentence today" alongside her cap and gown photo.

Four years ago, Michaels gushed over Raine to Fox News after she posed for the first time in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit issue.

"As a father, I'm there from the cutting of the umbilical cord 'til right now, and I mean her mom too. I'm saying this, both of us, as parents, really, really proud of Raine," Michaels said. "She's done a great job. She is going to school at a really good university for broadcast journalism. She loves it. She's in Tennessee doing that.

"She's one of those people who's a kind soul. She's humble. At the same time, she's a fighter. I'm really proud of her. I'm thankful for the views and the votes. Sports Illustrated, because I'm a sports fanatic, I'm so proud of her because it's also a great magazine for them to get recognized. All of the girls that entered, I give credit to, and the six finalists, it's amazing."

Last summer, Michaels, who celebrates his 60th birthday Wednesday, had to cancel a concert after a bad reaction to medication but was back performing within days.

At the July concert, he said he was "ready to rock. I’m going to give you 1,000% of everything I’ve got in the tank right now. I’m not feeling my Sunday best, but I’m going to keep rocking and bring it. And I cannot be more grateful for such awesome, incredible family, friends and fans. Thank you."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The rocker told Fox New last month before the Super Bowl, "I feel great."

"I said grace of God, great medical attention and family and friends and amazing fans," said Michaels who has suffered from Type 1 diabetes since his childhood and had an aneurysm in 2010.

"It got me here. I feel great. I just finished up the stadium tour. Like I said, we were just here at [Glendale's State Farm Stadium]. It was incredible and then back out of the road with the Parti-Gras tour going solo this summer to all the amphitheaters and arenas."Heather Dubrow addressed Internet trolls on her podcast after celebrating International Sons Day last week with a post dedicated to honoring her 12-year-old child, Ace.

The "Real Housewives of Orange County" star was faced with a barrage of negative comments on Instagram after revealing Ace's new name and choice to transition.

On the first episode of her revamped podcast, "Let's Talk with Heather Dubrow," the actress was "very emotional" as she thanked her "community of moms and parents, caregivers, grandparents, teachers, kids" for supporting her family over the years and "especially right now."

Dubrow denied revealing Ace's transition was to "remain relevant or create a storyline on a television show." She admitted, though, that due to their family's status in the public eye for more than a decade, "something had to be said by us before someone else made a statement."

JEN SHAH PRISON ‘NIGHTMARE’: REALITY STAR STRUGGLED TO REPORT FOR 78-MONTH SENTENCE OVER TELEMARKETING SCAM

Dubrow shared a beach snap last week with her son's name scrawled in the sand.

"It's International sons day! We love you, our youngest son, Ace," she wrote. "Our job as parents is to give our kids a safe and supportive environment so they can grow up as healthy, happy, confident, independent humans. Since Ace is a 12 year old child, with a long life ahead of him - we will let him tell his own story someday if he chooses to do so. All we can say is Ace, we love you so much and we are proud to be your parents. Your brother and sisters love and support you too."

Dubrow said the supportive comments on her post made her cry, but she also needed to "clarify some things."

‘RHOC’ STAR HEATHER DUBROW REVEALS HOW SHE AND HUSBAND TERRY DUBROW ESCAPED THE REALITY TV CURSE

"You know, with all the support, of course there’s always going to be hate. You're going to have haters, you're going to have people that don't understand," she said before addressing the backlash as to why she revealed the information now.

"As a mom, you know, you look at your kids and all you want to do is protect them. You want to protect them, you want to put helmets on them, you want to wrap them in bubble wrap and just pray that nothing ever hurts them physically or emotionally, and of course that’s what I want to do with my kids.

"The truth of our lives is that we have been in the public eye for many years, and my son has been in the public eye since he was nine months old. As much as we want to protect them – and that is our number one priority and our number one goal … in the last few months became apparent, that we needed to say something."

TOM GIRARDI, EX ‘HOUSEWIVES’ HUSBAND AND DISGRACED LAWYER, INDICTED OVER ALLEGED $15 MILLION EMBEZZLING SCAM

Dubrow said her goal was to "acknowledge who our incredible son is" and make sure she was showing them love and support.

"We also had to balance the fact that there are other people who want to tell your children’s stories for them," she said. "So even though I don't want to tell my children’s stories for them, and I never have nor I will ever, something had to be said by us before someone else made a statement."

She continued, "The other thing I saw was that talking about my son was to remain relevant or to create a storyline on a television show. Neither of these things are true. They are the farthest thing from the truth. Again it’s really just all about protecting my kids. I've already explained why now, we are not trying to leverage my child for content."

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

Dubrow, who is married to Dr. Terry Dubrow, believes in protecting and accepting her children just the way they are.

"I have four kids, and they are incredible and they're mine," she said. "I know my greatest role is being a mother – I know it. I didn’t know that when I was younger, but I will tell you, being a parent – as so many of you know – is the hardest job on the planet. But being a mother, to me, is my most important job ever.

"I take my kids and all of your kids to my heart always, every day, and I know that I was given these four kids for a reason. And not only will I protect them and fight for their safety and their rights and their freedom, but I promise I’m going to help you protect yours too."Welcome to the Fox News Entertainment Newsletter. To receive this newsletter in your email, subscribe here.

‘THIS IS SO DUMB’ - Bruce Willis' wife Emma denies reports Demi Moore has moved in with couple after actor's dementia diagnosis. Continue reading here…

ROYAL BIRTHRIGHT - Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's children were officially given royal titles. Continue reading here…

LIKE FATHER, LIKE SON - King Charles names brother Prince Edward the new Duke of Edinburgh. Continue reading here…

ANTI-AGING MAGIC - ‘I Dream of Jeannie’ star Barbara Eden, 91, looks ageless at Beverly Hills event. Continue reading here…

REST IN PEACE - Robert Blake dead at 89. Continue reading here…

‘IN COLD BLOOD’ - Alec Baldwin wants Robert Blake remembered for his acting instead of his 'legal entanglements.' Continue reading here…

NO ‘IMPROVEMENT’ NEEDED - ‘Home Improvement’ star Tim Allen wasn’t given ‘enough credit’ on the show, co-star Patricia Richardson says. Continue reading here…

BALDWIN BOMBSHELL - Alec Baldwin 'wants his day in court' as district attorney disputes claim 'Rust' firearm has been destroyed. Continue reading here…

PRISON NIGHTMARE - Reality star Jen Shah struggled to report for a 78-month sentence over a telemarketing scam. Continue reading here…

WARDROBE MALFUNCTION - 'Wednesday' star Jenna Ortega brushes off wardrobe malfunction: 'who gives a s--t.' Continue reading here…

SWIMSUIT SECRETS - Elizabeth Hurley confesses raising her son helped launch her bikini business. Continue reading here…

FOLLOW FOX NEWS ON SOCIAL MEDIA

Facebook

Instagram

YouTubeLegendary actor William Shatner is living each day like it’s his last.

The 91-year-old "Star Trek" captain spoke out about his mortality, as he prepares to release his documentary "You Can Call Me Bill."

"I’ve turned down a lot of offers to do documentaries before. But I don’t have long to live," Shatner revealed during an interview with Variety.

WILLIAM SHATNER SHARES PROFOUND WORDS AFTER SUCCESSFUL BLUE ORIGIN FLIGHT: 'I HOPE I NEVER RECOVER FROM THIS'

"Whether I keel over as I’m speaking to you or 10 years from now, my time is limited, so that’s very much a factor. I’ve got grandchildren. This documentary is a way of reaching out after I die."

"You Can Call Me Bill" gives fans an inside look at Shatner’s personal journey over nine decades, including highlights of his successful career.

When asked whether he learned something about himself in the film, he replied, "I’m trying to discover something I’ve never said before or to find a way to say something I’ve said before in a different way so I can explore that truth further."

"The sad thing is that the older a person gets the wiser they become and then they die with all that knowledge," he told the media outlet.

The Canadian actor also revealed that "there is no legacy," and he doesn’t regret some decisions he’s made in life, including not attending his "Star Trek" co-star Leonard Nimoy’s funeral.

Shatner suggested that people are eventually forgotten after death, but noted "good deeds" live on.

"When Leonard Nimoy died a few years ago, his funeral was on a Sunday. His death was very sudden, and I had obligated myself to go to Mar-a-Lago for a Red Cross fundraiser. I was one of the celebrities raising money . . . I chose to keep my promise and go to Mar-a-Lago instead of the funeral," Shatner shared.

WILLIAM SHATNER SHARES TOUCHING LEONARD NIMOY MEMORY, EXPLAINS WHY HE'S TAKING ON 'THE UNXPLAINED'

He went on to explain the reason behind his decision to skip out on Nimoy’s funeral and what inspired him to create his documentary.

"People ask about a legacy. There’s no legacy. Statues are torn down. Graveyards are ransacked. Headstones are knocked over. No one remembers anyone. Who remembers Danny Kaye or Cary Grant? They were great stars. But they’re gone and no one cares. But what does live on, are good deeds. If you do a good deed, it reverberates to the end of time. It’s the butterfly effect thing."

Shatner, who’s best known for his role as James T. Kirk in the "Star Trek" franchise, received backlash at the time for not attending his co-star's funeral.

"The Defenders" actor doesn’t regret his decision and added that he tries to avoid negative headlines.

"Who cares? I know what I did was right. So it doesn’t matter. We’re criticized when we lift a finger. I don’t read that stuff. I try to not . . . indulge in the evil that’s out there."

Ahead of his documentary release, Shatner additionally wrote a book, "Boldly Go: Reflections on a life of Awe and Wonder," published last year.

Shatner detailed his life stories and the connection between earth and life’s fragility. He also penned his experience traveling to space aboard Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin New Shepard vehicle in October 2021.

The "Star Trek" alum made history as he was the oldest person to travel to space.

However, after embarking on the adventure of a lifetime, Shatner confessed that the experience had brought him to tears.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

"When I came out of the spaceship I was crying, just sobbing, and I thought ‘why am I crying?’ . . . I’m in grief . . . I’m grieving about the world because I now know so much about what’s happening. I saw the Earth and its beauty and its destruction," he continued.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"It’s going extinct. Billions of years of evolution may vanish. It’s sacred, it’s holy, it’s life, and it’s gone. It’s beyond tragic. We stupid f---ing animals are destroying this gorgeous thing called the Earth. Doesn’t that make you angry? Don’t you want to do something about it?"

Shatner has had a decades-long career with hit shows, such as "T.J. Hooker" and "Boston Legal," along with the original "Star Trek" series and films.Tim Allen and Patricia Richardson rose to fame when they starred as on-screen spouses in the hit 1990s sitcom "Home Improvement."

The 69-year-old actor and the 72-year-old actress played Tim "The Toolman" Taylor and Jill Taylor for eight seasons from 1991 to 1999. It was the first acting role for Allen, who was previously known for his work as a stand-up comedian.

In an interview with Fox News Digital, Richardson said that she didn't believe Allen received enough recognition for his acting talent during his time on "Home Improvement."

"People don't give Tim enough credit for the acting that he was doing," the "Strong Medicine" alum said.

She continued, "He had never acted before. He was getting acting lessons on the side."

PATRICIA RICHARDSON SAYS CHEMISTRY WITH TIM ALLEN MADE HER TAKE THE PART ON ‘HOME IMPROVEMENT’

Prior to landing her breakout television role on "Home Improvement," Richardson appeared in Broadway and off-Broadway productions as well a series of short-lived sitcoms. She told Fox News Digital that she immediately noticed Allen's natural flair for acting from the first time they performed together.

"I'd worked in New York theater for years, and all actors sometimes have trouble listening," Richardson said. "We're self-conscious or we don't know what we're doing or we're not really listening to the other person and just trusting ourselves to just respond."

"Tim did that immediately," she recalled. "Tim did that to such a degree that it scared him."

Richardson continued, "Early on in the first couple of episodes, if I would cry about something — the first time that I did that — he was so listening, and he was always so involved and just bouncing back. We were always just so listening to each other and reacting that I saw tears starting to come out of his eyes."

"And that totally freaked him out. And he stopped everything and just said, 'Wait a minute, wait a minute! She's upset!'" the actress remembered with a laugh. "[Director John] Pasquin said, 'She's acting, Tim.'"

The Maryland native told Fox News Digital that she and Allen "immediately" connected and trusted each other. She also recalled coming to Allen's defense several times during their early days on the show.

"I kept telling the guys who would like, bug him, and after our first couple performances, they would be on him," she said. "And I would be like, 'Why are you giving him such a hard time? He's brilliant. He's better than a lot of actors I've worked with that are really actors in New York who don't even look at you, you know?'"

"He had never acted before. He was getting acting lessons on the side." — Patricia Richardson on Tim Allen

She continued, "So, I was like, 'Stop. Leave him alone. He's doing great.' And I always thought so."

Richardson explained that "Home Improvement" explored some heavier themes and storylines, which often demanded a wider range of acting from Allen than was required of other stand-up comedians-turned-actors.

"Obviously, Jerry Seinfeld was so charming and great," she said. "But I don't think you ever had to see Jerry do something serious, you know, like losing his parents or talking about the death of his father or dealing with lots of things that we dealt with in that show."

"Tim was right there for it always. And so it's not surprising that he went on to a long career of doing a lot of movies and other shows."

Allen was nominated for five Golden Globe Awards for best actor in a comedy series for his performance as Taylor, winning once in 1995. The "Toy Story" star also earned an Emmy Award nod for outstanding lead actor in a comedy series in 1993.

During her time on "Home Improvement," Richardson received five Emmy Award nominations for outstanding lead actress in a comedy series and two Golden Globe Award nominations.

However, the actress told Fox News Digital that she was initially hesitant to take on the role of Jill. After appearing in three sitcoms that were canceled after one season, Richardson said she was "trying to get out" of the genre.

In addition, she shared that she "especially did not want to play a mother" because the roles were usually "thankless" at the time. However, her interest was piqued after learning that the show's creators had also been involved with the development of "Roseanne."

Matt Williams, who created "Roseanne" with Roseanne Barr, was one of the creators of "Home Improvement" along with Carmen Finestra and David McFadzean.

"When they told me that these guys that created the show were the guys that created ‘Roseanne,’ I went, ‘Oh, OK, my favorite show, my maybe favorite female character on television,’" she remembered. "And obviously, they can write women."

After Richardson had a meeting with the producers, they sent her a tape featuring Allen.

"I didn't know who Tim was," she said. "He wasn't really well-known then, but he had gotten an ACE Award for a Showtime special that he did. And so they sent that to me."

‘HOME IMPROVEMENT’ STAR PATRICIA RICHARDSON RESPONDS TO RESURFACED CLIP OF TIM ALLEN FLASHING HER ON SET

She remembered that Allen's Showtime special "Men Are Pigs" included parts of his act that were later incorporated into "Home Improvement," including his trademark grunting and love of tools. Richardson recalled watching the special with her then-husband, Ray Baker.

"My husband, who used to build houses with his dad, flipped," she said. "He's, like, laughing his a-- off, you know? And I'm kind of like, ‘Oh, yeah, this is kind of funny, he’s good. Whatever, I'll go in.'"

Frances Fisher was originally set to play Jill, but producers decided to recast the role at the last minute after they decided that the actress, who typically starred in more dramatic fare, wasn't quite right for the part.

Richardson was also reluctant to take on the role since she had just given birth to twins Roxanne and Joseph three months earlier. However, she was persuaded after the producers assured her that they would work around her breast-feeding schedule and make other accommodations.

She said that she and Baker were also really impressed with the pilot's script after giving it their "one-page test."

"I was so happy to be working again. And then Tim. I immediately found him so funny, and it was like this immediate thing back and forth between us." — Patricia Richardson

"Just open it anywhere in the script, and you can tell on one page whether they're developing story and character or whether they're just trying to set up jokes, which is most of the time in a sitcom, what you get. And we were impressed."

Richardson described her first day on set as "shaky."

"I hadn't worked in a year because I'd been pregnant and having babies with colic," she said. "I was so happy to be working again. And then Tim. I immediately found him so funny, and it was like this immediate thing back and forth between us. It was instant. And we both really enjoyed that. And so it was kind of evident really from the first read-through that it was going to be a different thing for them and a wonderful thing for me. It was so fun."

The actress decided to leave "Home Improvement" after the eighth season to spend more time with her children. Richardson became a single mother when she and Baker divorced in 1995 after 13 years of marriage.

At the time, the producers and Allen urged her to stay on for a ninth season, but she refused. Allen rejected a proposal to continue the show without her character, who would have been killed off. Though "Home Improvement" came to end, Allen and Richardson later reunited on-screen in 2015 during the fourth season of "The Santa Clause" actor's show "Last Man Standing." She returned to reprise her role in the show's fifth season.

After leaving "Home Improvement," Richardson starred as Dr. Andy Campbell in the Lifetime medical drama "Strong Medicine" from 2002 to 2005. She landed a recurring role as presidential campaign manager Sheila Brooks in the last two seasons of the Emmy Award-winning political drama "The West Wing."

Richardson has also appeared on "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit," "NCIS," "Blindspot" and "The Blacklist." She guest-starred as author and patient Tessa Hobbes on the 19th season of "Grey's Anatomy" during longtime series star Ellen Pompeo's farewell episode.

"I always give credit to ‘Roseanne’ because before ‘Roseanne,’ every mother sort of had to look perfect. Be perfect." — Patricia Richardson

In addition, Richardson's film work includes her Independent Spirit Award-nominated role in 1997's "Ulee's Gold" and roles in a number of television movies, including "A Christmas in Tennessee," "A Very Vintage Christmas," and "County Line" and its sequels "County Line: All In" and "County Line: No Fear."

The actress will next be seen in Linda Yellen's upcoming film "Chantilly Bridge." A sequel to 1993's "Chantilly Lace, the movie also reunites original cast members Lindsay Crouse, Jill Eikenberry, Talia Shire, Ally Sheedy, Helen Slater and JoBeth Williams.

TIM ALLEN SLAMS PAMELA ANDERSON'S CLAIM HE EXPOSED HIMSELF TO HER ON ‘HOME IMPROVEMENT’ SET WHEN SHE WAS 23

Though she was the newcomer to the cast, Richardson told Fox News Digital that she quickly bonded with the other actresses: "A lot of the scenes, we [improvised]," she said. "There was always a structure."

"[Director Yellen] had a structure of where the film was going, and she knew what she wanted brought up as well," Richardson said. "But a lot of this conversation that you see and stories that we tell were as a big a surprise to each other as we told them as it will be to the audience. I have never done a film like that. And of course, I was like, ‘I never want to do a film another way.’ It was great. And it allowed us very quickly to really tune in to each other."

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

"I'm very proud of it," she added. "I loved doing it."

The film opens theatrically in limited release on March 24th and on VOD, April 14th.

Richardson also reflected on how the landscape of television has changed over the years. She noted the significant change in the way that women are portrayed on TV.

"I always give credit to ‘Roseanne’ because before ‘Roseanne,’ every mother sort of had to look perfect. Be perfect," she said. "That was what I loved so much about her when I was, you know, in bed with my pregnancy and just being a mom. And I would watch her, and I'd be like, ‘Yes, this woman, oh my gosh, this woman, this family.’"

She added, "I think women have changed a lot. I mean, that's one of the biggest changes."

"And of course, obviously, it's gotten a little more realistic, maybe too much so," Richardson said. "I think that reality television has been bad for America. For years and forever, people watch television the way they read the newspaper or books or anything that's really out there in society."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

She continued, "They judge what's normal by seeing what's on television because it's like, you think, ‘I thought I was the only person who felt that or thought that or the only family that has this problem.’"

"And then you see on TV, well, this is how they're handling it. And TV used to be much more so idealized characters. And so that probably helped keep society in order, and now you have reality TV. I know somebody who cast all those shows. I mean, the really successful ones, and they look for people who are going to be difficult and cantankerous, and they look for that. And then people watch that and they think that's what's normal. It's not normal."Prince Andrew is faced with another major "letdown" as King Charles prepares for his coronation.

The Duke of York is said to be "furious" over the possibility that he’ll be banned from wearing his ceremonial roles when the king is crowned on May 6. The 63-year-old, a knight in the Order of the Garter, was expecting to wear his grand regalia, the Mirror recently reported. However, the king is allegedly "torn" over this decision.

"The letdown for Charles' younger brother may be even worse than what has been reported," Christopher Andersen, author of "The King," told Fox News Digital. "Prince Andrew would normally have been entitled to wear something even grander than his blue velvet Knight of the Garter getup."

"As the king's brother and the Duke of York, he would presumably wear the same jaw-dropping costume Prince Philip wore at Queen Elizabeth's coronation: a flowing red velvet robe draped with five ermine tails, not to mention his own coronet," Andersen shared. "This may be just one more example of the palace's desire to make this an ‘animal cruelty-free' coronation, and that means no ermine - which, by the way, has been a staple of the royal coronation wardrobe for centuries."

"Maybe nobody in this coronation ceremony will be wearing ermine - or fur of any kind, for that matter," Andersen continued. "[But] being a Knight of the Garter is a big deal - it is the senior order of knighthood in the realm - but not as big as being a duke and the brother of the king."

According to the outlet, the king's coronation will be a "Collar Day," which means members of the Order of the Garter can wear the collar that signifies the British orders of knighthood that they belong to.

MEGHAN MARKLE, PRINCE HARRY'S FROGMORE COTTAGE EVICTION: PRINCE ANDREW ‘INSULTED’ BY NEW MOVE, EXPERTS SAY

The Order of the Garter is known as the oldest order of chivalry in the world. It is nearly 700 years old.

The outlet noted that Andrew may be ordered to wear "a lounge suit" after he was stripped of his military appointment as Colonel of the Grenadier Guards. He remains a vice admiral because of his service in the Royal Navy.

"If the king doesn't allow his own brother to at least wear his Knight of the Garter robes - or barring that, the ceremonial uniform he is still entitled to wear as a vice admiral in the Royal Navy - it will be humiliating for Andrew," Andersen explained. "Conversely, at this historic moment, does the new king want to strike yet another note of disharmony in the royal family? It was unsettling enough to watch Prince Harry scowling as he was initially forced to wear a simple suit at Queen Elizabeth's funeral. King Charles clearly does not want a repeat of that."

Royals expert Hilary Fordwich alleged to Fox News Digital that Charles, as well as Prince William, prefer to keep the disgraced Duke of York "away from public engagements in general," including the coronation. This, she claimed, is the root of Andrew’s fury.

"This has resulted in him being purportedly ‘furious’ at not being able to play a part," Fordwich explained. "He believes it is he who is being disrespected and being dictated over something he is fully entitled to wear."

"Given that the coronation will be a ‘Collar Day’ for the Order of the Garter, an elite club of just 24 members, they will be wearing collars depicting their knighthoods," she explained. "But Prince Andrew, albeit still a Knight of the Garter, is projected to be only permitted to wear a lounge suit. He already was not allowed to wear his military uniform at Queen Elizabeth’s funeral. He previously held eight military titles in total but . . . he was unceremoniously stripped of his royal patronages and military titles by his mother."

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

"He lost, for example, his military appointment of Colonel of the Grenadier Guards – the bearskin-wearing senior infantry regiment – but remains a Vice Admiral, the uniform he has wished to wear at previous formal occasions such as his mother’s funeral but was flatly denied," Fordwich added.

Previously, it was reported that Andrew was "resisting" the king’s wishes for him to leave the Royal Lodge for Frogmore Cottage, the former UK home of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex.

According to royal experts, there's a reason why Charles, 74, eyed his younger sibling for the move. Andrew’s annual allowance of nearly $300,000 is being cut in April, The Telegraph reported. Friends claimed to the outlet that this will make it difficult for the duke to maintain the 98-acre Windsor property. Andrew's main source of income is his Royal Navy pension and a "substantial inheritance" from his late parents.

A source told The Sun that Andrew is "resolute" that he will stay at Royal Lodge. According to the outlet, he hasn’t accepted the offer to move yet.

Andrew stepped back from royal duties in 2019 amid his controversial connection to the late American financier and convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. He was also stripped of his honorary military titles. Before her death in 2022, the queen also removed his honorary leadership of various charities, known as royal patronages, and barred him from using the title "His Royal Highness" in official settings.

The council in the northern city of York voted unanimously to withdraw the prince’s "freedom of the city." The honor was awarded to Andrew in 1987 after the queen made him the Duke of York. He is the first person to be stripped of the status, an honor that dates back to medieval times. Local leaders have since argued that Andrew should also lose the title of Duke of York. A spokesperson for Andrew declined to comment at the time.

MEGHAN MARKLE, PRINCE HARRY 'STUNNED' BY KING CHARLES' 'CRUEL' FROGMORE COTTAGE EVICTION, REPORT SAYS

In 2022, a U.S. judge dismissed the sex abuse lawsuit against Andrew, who reached a settlement with accuser Virginia Roberts Giuffre. The prince made a substantial donation to his accuser’s charity and declared that he had never meant to malign her character.

Andrew strenuously denied Giuffre’s allegations after she sued him, accusing the British royal of sexually abusing her while she traveled with Epstein in 2001 when she was 17.

Giuffre, 39, reached the settlement with Andrew after the judge rejected the prince’s bid to win early dismissal of the lawsuit.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.Many things about the Academy Awards have changed over the years, but for the past six decades there has been at least one constant: The red carpet. The hues have varied over the years, but it has always been some shade of red. Until this year.

On Wednesday outside the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, workers unspooled a champagne-colored carpet as Jimmy Kimmel, who is hosting the 95th Oscars on Sunday, presided over the occasion.

"I think the decision to go with a champagne carpet over a red carpet shows how confident we are that no blood will be shed," Kimmel said.

TOP OSCAR WINNERS OF ALL TIME

The decision to change the color came from creative consultants Lisa Love, a longtime Vogue contributor, and Raúl Àvila, the creative director for the glamourous Met Gala in New York.

This year the carpet will be covered, in part to protect the stars and cameras from the weather, but also to help turn the arrivals into an evening event. For Love, there has always been a disconnect between the elegant black tie dress code and the fact that it’s mid-afternoon when people arrive to be photographed in the daylight. With a covered carpet, they could change that.

"We turned a day event into night," Love told The Associated Press. "It’s evening, even though it’s still 3:00."

The Oscars red carpet dates back to 1961, the 33rd Academy Awards held at the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium, when Billy Wilder’s "The Apartment" won best picture, Burt Lancaster and Elizabeth Taylor won the lead acting prizes, and there was still a "juvenile award," which went to Hayley Mills for "Pollyanna." It was the first televised ceremony, broadcast on ABC and hosted by Bob Hope. The general public wouldn’t see the red carpet in all its glory on television until 1966, when the Oscars were first broadcast in color.

2023 OSCARS HIRES ‘CRISIS TEAM’ AFTER WILL SMITH SLAP: A LOOK AT WHO ELSE IS BANNED FROM THE ACADEMY

There wasn’t any debate over the change, Love said. They just knew they had the freedom to break from tradition. They tried some other colors too but they seemed too dark with the covered tent. "We chose this beautiful sienna, saffron color that evokes the sunset, because this is the sunset before the golden hour," Love said.

Instead they went lighter and Academy CEO Bill Kramer approved.

They weren’t especially worried about upsetting Oscars traditionalists either.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Somebody’s always got a way to find something wrong with something," Love said. "This is just a lightness and hopefully people like it. It doesn’t mean that it’s always going to be a champagne colored carpet."

As for what we should call it? Love said "champagne" and "sand" are apt descriptions, but that there’s no reason to not default to "red carpet" either. It’s more metonym for the glamorous arrivals than a literal description of what everyone is walking on.

The 95th Oscars "red carpet" opens Sunday at 3:30 p.m. Eastern. The ceremony is set to begin at 8 p.m. and will be broadcast live on ABC."Stranger Things" actress Grace Van Dien said she experienced sexual harassment on the set of one of her recent movies, prompting her to put a hold on her acting career.

Van Dien, who stars as Chrissy Cunningham in season four of the hit Netflix series, alleged during a Twitch livestream on Tuesday that a movie producer asked her to join in on a threesome. Due to the encounter, the actress said she has "turned down four movies" in the last two and a half weeks.

"Here's the thing: I've seen that some people are upset with me for turning down acting projects and deciding to stream more, but the fact of the matter is, the last few projects I've worked on, I didn't have the best experiences with some of the people I had to work for," Van Dien said, per Us Weekly.

"With streaming, I get to choose who I hang out with, who I talk to, etc., etc."

‘STRANGER THINGS’ BRINGS NEW LIFE TO '80S CLASSICS BY INTRODUCING A NEW GENERATION TO KATE BUSH, METALLICA

Explaining the alleged encounter, she said, "One of the last movies I did, one of the producers asked me to, like, he hired a girl that he was sleeping with, and then he had her ask me to have a threesome with them. So like, that's my boss. I didn't [do it] and I cried, and I was so upset, but it's like, when people are like, 'How is streaming better for your mental health?' That's how."

Van Dien continued, "I get to stay inside my home and play video games and I don't have my boss asking me to have sex with him. That's how this is better for my mental health."

The "What Comes Around" actress noted that she informed her management team, which was "the right way" to handle the alleged incident. She also noted that a fellow castmate heard the encounter, "And was like, 'Did I just hear that correctly?'"

"And I was like, 'Yeah.' And she was like, 'Want to go take a walk?' I was like, 'Yeah.' And we just had a miserable time. We cried a lot on that shoot," Van Dien recalled.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

According to the outlet, the 26-year-old actress concluded her livestream with, "That’s why I’m going to stick to streaming for a little bit, and I hope that’s not a huge wrench in your plans for me, but I’m happy here. And I’m developing my own projects, and I’m hoping that someone decides to fund them because then I can be in control of my own set, and I’m not going to ask my actors to sleep with me, so that’s cool, right?"

Van Dien has appeared in such movies as "V for Vengeance," "Roost," "The Binge" and "Charlie Says," and will be seen in two upcoming films, "The Fix" and "Ahh! Roach!"

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

In 2022, Van Dien spoke with Collider about her approach to acting and how she lands on a role: "I think my goals have stayed the same. They’re just more in reach now, which is very nice. I just love telling stories that people can relate to and that I can relate to, and I think I get to keep doing that, which I’m very grateful for."Cher and her boyfriend, Alexander "AE" Edwards, have made their red carpet debut.

On Thursday, the singer, 76, and Edwards, 37, shared a steamy kiss at Versace's Fall/Winter 2023 fashion show in Los Angeles.

The Grammy Award winner was seen rocking a studded leather jacket and blue streaks in her hair for the outing. Edwards, Amber Rose's ex-boyfriend, wore a laid-back, all-black look, pulled together with black sunglasses.

The couple first met at Paris Fashion Week in September and took their relationship public in November. Edwards and Cher have been flaunting their relationship ever since.

CHER, 76, SAYS SHE AND BOYFRIEND ALEXANDER EDWARDS, 36, ARE ‘PERFECTLY MATCHED’

The duo even sparked engagement rumors at the end of 2022 after she took to social media showing off a gigantic diamond ring.

"THERE R NO WORDS, ALEXANDER,A.E," Cher captioned the post. In the post, Edwards was holding a pear-shaped ring.

Shortly after sharing the image, Cher posted the same picture of the ring, seemingly clarifying the engagement rumors.

"I posted this cause his nails are so cool," the musical icon wrote.

The "If I Could Turn Back Time" singer labeled the relationship "kind of ridiculous" during an appearance on an episode of "The Kelly Clarkson Show."

"On paper, it’s kind of ridiculous," she joked in December. "But in real life, we get along great."

Miley Cyrus, Lil Nas X, Elton John, Pamela Anderson and more were at the star-studded Versace fashion show. Kendall Jenner, Gigi Hadid and Emily Ratajkowski walked the runway.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

Models Jenner, Hadid and Ratajkowski were seen in all black Versace looks as they graced the runway in West Hollywood.

Hadid took a break from modeling and welcomed her daughter, Khai, to the world in 2020. She shares her first child with "One Direction" alum Zayn Malik.

All three women rocked the Donatella Versace's signature exaggerated cat eyeliner look.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Anderson has been dominating the media in recent months with her release of her memoir, "Love, Pamela."Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn may have never married, but their bond is one of a kind.

In a recent interview with Variety, one of Hollywood's longest-standing couples shared that they were "constantly" asked why they never married.

"We constantly got asked, 'When are you going to get married? Why aren't you married?'" Russell told the outlet, referring back to the early years of their relationship in the '80s.

"And we were like, 'Why does anybody care about that?'" he continued. "We'd asked our kids if they cared about it. They didn't. We didn't."

TOM HANKS AND RITA WILSON, GOLDIE HAWN AND KURT RUSSELL: HOLLYWOOD COUPLES REVEAL SECRETS TO STAYING TOGETHER

The couple first met while appearing in the 1966 comedy "The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band." She was 21, and he was 16 at the time, and Hawn previously recalled Russell being "adorable" but "much too young" for her to date.

They started dating in 1983 and recently celebrated four decades of partnership on Valentine's Day.

Their one big secret for staying together for 40 years: Don't get married.

KATE HUDSON, DAUGHTER OF GOLDIE HAWN AND KURT RUSSELL, ON NEPOTISM IN HOLLYWOOD: ‘IT DOESN’T MATTER'

"We have done just perfectly without marrying. I already feel devoted and isn't that what marriage is supposed to do? So as long as my emotional state is in a state of devotion, honesty, caring, and loving, then we're fine," Hawn said in an interview with Now To Love.

"We have raised our children brilliantly ; they are beautiful people. We did a great job there, and we didn't have to get married to do that. I like waking up every day and seeing that he is there and knowing that I have a choice. There is really no reason to marry." ,

It's not that they haven't experienced marriage before. Russell was married to "Elvis" actress Season Hubley for four years before their divorce was finalized in 1983. The former couple has one son, Boston.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

Hawn married director Gus Trikonis in 1969, but their relationship ended in divorce in 1976.

The actress went on to marry musician Bill Hudson; they were together for six years before their marriage ended in divorce in 1982. Hawn and Hudson have two children together, Kate Hudson and Oliver Hudson.

"For people like us, the marriage certificate wasn’t going to create anything that otherwise we wouldn’t have," Russell told People of their relationship. "I don’t know — 40 years isn’t enough to finally say, ‘Well I guess…’"

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Our children got married… Oliver’s very happily married and [Hawn and Russell's son] Wyatt’s very happily married," Hawn added. "Katie got married once and that didn’t work, and she’s with this most amazing human and I don’t know if she’ll marry again. The point is that we all tried marriage and sometimes marriage doesn’t work.

"It’s not about the marriage. It’s about the people and the relationship, and the will to stay together. And that’s a big one because if you want it, you can have it. You’ve got to give things up, but the joy and the excitement of being together and touching the toes of somebody at night is really a nice feeling."Gisele Bündchen showed off her pole dancing skills in a new video following her divorce from NFL star Tom Brady.

Bündchen, 42, danced in multiple black outfits — one including fringe — in a video shared by the Italian brand Arezzo. One outfit featured a long-sleeved thong bodysuit.

The supermodel wore her hair down and straight for the sexy ad.

"She's back and stronger than ever!" the caption read.

GISELE BUNDCHEN APPEARS 'UNRECOGNIZABLE' ON NEW VOGUE COVER

Bündchen has been spotted working and exercising since her divorce from Brady.

She returned to the red carpet in December for the first time since the split and spent some time in Brazil with family for the holidays.

GISELE BÜNDCHEN LETS LOOSE DURING CARNIVAL IN BRAZIL, FLAUNTS TONED ABS WHILE TOM BRADY VACATIONS WITH KIDS

Bündchen also appeared on the March cover of Vogue Italia looking unrecognizable.

Brady and Bündchen's marriage seemingly fell apart after the football star retired and then swiftly changed his mind ahead of the 2022 NFL season.

The seven-time Super Bowl-winning quarterback originally announced that he was retiring from the NFL after 22 seasons on Feb. 1, 2022. However, just 40 days later, Brady announced he was not retiring after all. Bündchen publicly expressed concern over Brady's decision to head back to the field at the time.

"Obviously, I have my concerns — this is a very violent sport, and I have my children, and I would like him to be more present," she told Elle magazine.

"I have definitely had those conversations with him over and over again. But ultimately, I feel that everybody has to make a decision that works for [them]. He needs to follow his joy, too."

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

The two decided to file for divorce in the middle of Brady's 23rd football season.

Brady retired for good at the end of last season.

"I know the process was a pretty big deal last time, so when I woke up this morning, I figured I'd just press record and let you guys know first," Brady said in a video shared to Twitter. "I won't be long-winded. You only get one super emotional retirement essay, and I used mine up last year, so really thank you guys so much to every single one of you for supporting me."

Brady and Bündchen officially announced their divorce in separate Instagram posts at the end of October.

Brady and Bündchen first met in 2006. The pair began dating in the same month that the football star broke off his relationship with ex Bridget Moynahan. The supermodel and Brady later married in 2009.

The former couple share two children, Vivian and Benjamin.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APPShania Twain is undoubtedly one of the most popular singers in country music, but things haven't always been easy for her in the industry.

In fact, she believes that being a woman in the genre in 2023 is harder than it was when she got her start decades ago.

"The music industry going back 20 years ago, 30 years ago, was primarily more dominated by men," she told CNBC in an interview. "You know, male executives, most of the studio musicians were men, most of the managers were men, it was just more male-dominated in every sense. So being taken seriously as a woman was a challenge."

Twain recalled facing many "challenges" that male stars didn't have to face, such as criticism for being "too sexy" in her performances and music videos, but she was "relentless."

SHANIA TWAIN SAYS HER FASHION CHOICES ‘REPRESENT AND PRESENT’ HER MUSIC

"As I went along, I could see the progress," she explained. "First of all, the genre and my fans, my music was appealing to a very broad audience, very open-minded fans. They were embracing my way of making my music and my way of visualizing my music through photography and videos."

But even after every obstacle she faced, Twain said that she believes that "the industry has regressed. I feel it’s more difficult for women to find space, to find room. It’s sad to see it, but it’s very true."

SHANIA TWAIN CONGRATULATES TAYLOR SWIFT FOR BREAKING HER RECORD AS A FEMALE ARTIST ON THE COUNTRY MUSIC CHARTS

Twain said that it's not "an even playing ground, nowhere near it," and that she doesn't know why things have gotten worse for women in country music.

"I can’t really put my finger on why they’re making it so difficult for women, or, you know, why they’re not giving them that space," she said. "They’re certainly good enough, it’s just not an even playing ground right now."

Still, Twain hasn't backed down from telling her story with her music.

The "You're Still the One" singer said, "It’s always been very important for me to self-express, and since I’m a woman, a lot of my perspectives do come directly from a female perspective."

"I am a fairly outspoken person, so a lot of my lyrics are quite statement-orientated... they’re quite bold and conversational. So it’s really just always been important for me to be able to express myself and my point of view and to inspire. So the fact that it does inspire a lot of women and just people in general makes me happy," she said.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

Twain has been singing since she was a child. She worked towards stardom until her mother and stepfather were killed in a car accident, and then she took in her younger siblings. After they grew up, she continued her pursuit, and in the early '90s she got a record deal and dropped her birth name of Eileen Edwards in favor of her now-famous moniker.

Her debut album was a bit of a flop. However, when Twain was given the freedom to write her own songs, she released her sophomore album, "The Woman in Me," and it made her a breakout star with memorable hits like "Whose Bed Have Your Boots Been Under?" and "Any Man of Mine."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Since then, she has cemented her place in country music history with numerous hits and two Las Vegas residencies.

Twain is currently prepping her "Queen of Me" tour, which shares the name of her latest album.The slap heard (and seen) around the world is still causing shock waves nearly one year later.

Chris Rock spent the summer touring with his famous friends, and he worked out all the kinks in his routine before debuting his latest special, "Selective Outrage," where he addressed the Will Smith Oscars slap.

The 58-year-old comedian took aim once again at Jada Pinkett Smith, but this time criticizing her 2016 "entanglement" with Smith family friend August Alsina.

Rock's latest attempt to put the Academy Awards in the past only came at the price of putting Will's wife even further in the spotlight. Brand expert Eric Schiffer explained to Fox News Digital that the Netflix show would likely affect Smith but not Jada.

CHRIS ROCK RIPS WILL SMITH WHILE ADDRESSING OSCARS SLAP AND JADA'S 'ENTANGLEMENTS'

"Rock's special is a devastating body blow to Will Smith's brand at a time people's memories started to fade, but it won't have any material effect on Jada's brand," Schiffer said.

Rock was famously hit across the face by Smith before presenting an award during the live telecast of the 94th Academy Awards after he told a joke about Jada.

Smith stormed the stage after Rock joked about Jada's bald head in a reference to "G.I. Jane." Pinkett Smith had previously discussed her struggles with alopecia, an autoimmune disorder that causes hair loss.

"You all know what happened to me, getting smacked by Suge Smith," Rock began on Saturday's special. "Everybody knows! Everybody f------ knows! Yes, it happened. I got smacked. A year ago, I got slapped at the f------ Oscars by this motherf----- and people are like, ‘Did it hurt?’ It still hurts! I got ‘Summertime’ ringing in my ear! But I'm not a victim. You will never see me on Oprah or Gayle, crying."

COMEDIANS DEFEND CHRIS ROCK OVER BACKLASH TO WILL SMITH, JADA PINKETT JOKES

Rock said audiences had "selective outrage" and referenced Jada's "entanglements."

"And for people who don't know what everybody knows — Will Smith, his wife was f------ her son's friend," he said. "We all been cheated on. Everybody have been cheated on. None of us have ever been interviewed by the person that cheated on us on television.

"She hurt him way more than he hurt me."

Rock tested out bits on the road with Dave Chappelle and Kevin Hart but nothing that included Smith's wife.

Schiffer noted that Rock's words seemed calculated "because targeting Jada intended to enflame Will, who is now forced to suck it up without firing back."

After previously denying reports of an affair with Alsina, Pinkett Smith confirmed she was involved with the musician in a conversation with Smith on "Red Table Talk" in 2020.

"I got into a different kind of ‘entanglement' with August," the actress revealed, while also admitting that she and Smith were separated at the time. She further clarified, "It was a relationship, absolutely."

Jada and Will were married in 1997 and have two children together: Willow and Jaden. He has son, Trey, from his first marriage to "Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" star Sheree Zampino.

At the end of the discussion on her Facebook Watch series, they admitted there were bumpy patches in their marriage, but ultimately they stuck it out: "We ride together. We die together," they said, referencing Will's famous "Bad Boys" movie line.

On his Netflix special, Rock said of Smith, "Everybody in the world called him a b----. I tried to call the motherf----- and give him my condolences; he ain’t pick up for me."

CHRIS ROCK'S JABS AT MEGHAN MARKLE'S RACISM CLAIMS ARE ‘A REAL PUNCH IN THE GUT’: EXPERT

"Everybody called that man a b----, f------ Charlamagne [tha God] called him a b----, ‘The Breakfast Club’ called him a b----- and ‘The View’ and ‘The Talk,’ and every rapper, they called him a b----, his wife a predator, everybody called him a b----. Everybody! Everybody! And who does he hit? Me!"

For his part, Alsina's rep told Entertainment Tonight he "has not seen" the special – "He's busy on tour," the rep stated.

Rock also said Jada told him that he shouldn't host the Oscars after Smith wasn't nominated for his performance in 2015's "Concussion."

"So, did I do some jokes about it, who gives a f---?" he said. "That's how it is. She starts it, I finish it. That's what the f--- happened. Nobody's picking on this b----. She started this s---." He added that she told him to "quit his job" because of the "Concussion" snub.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

"And then this n---- gives me a concussion," he said.

Despite Rock's jabs at Jada during the special – which was filmed in her Baltimore hometown – Schiffer insisted her base is strong and audiences simply won't allow it.

"Jada has an army of fans, and this won't have a material effect, nor should it create challenges to her personal life," he said.

Pinkett Smith found fame decades ago starring on "Menace II Society," "A Different World" and "A Low Down Dirty Shame."

She has dozens of credits to her name and a host of projects in the works, including her popular "Red Table Talks" series and the return of "Girls Trip" with Queen Latifah and Tiffany Haddish.

Schiffer believes that while Rock tried to take Jada down, he only succeeded in creating a bigger rift with Will.

"It was brilliant of Chris to tell his story in a searing slaughter of a rebuttal so close to the Oscars," he said, noting that Smith "lit the torch of war," but Rock's special ultimately sends the actor "a message to think about who you are picking a fight with before you take that swing."Sharon Stone began what would become a long and accomplished career as an actress in the 1980s. She has continued to perform in a variety of different roles over the years including, "Mothers and Daughters" and "Five Dollars a Day" alongside Christopher Walken.Alec Baldwin paid tribute to late actor Robert Blake and suggested fans remember his career rather than his "legal entanglements."



"Robert Blake has died. I realize that many people have had harsh feelings toward him. His life seemed to involve many dramatic legal entanglements," Baldwin wrote on Instagram Thursday.

"Today, I want [to] remember him as the incredibly gifted actor he was. A child actor who made countless films in the 40’s."

The 64-year-old actor continued his lengthy post, listing films and TV shows Blake was recognized for during his career -- including, "Treasure of the Sierra Madre," "A Town Without Pity," "Electra Glide in Blue," "Baretta" and more.

ROBERT BLAKE DEAD AT 89

However, the film "In Cold Blood," appeared to make an impact on Baldwin the most, noting that the project "cemented his place in movie history."



"Blake and Scott Wilson give two of the greatest performances of all time in the film based upon Truman Capote’s novel," he continued.

"The brooding, baby-faced Blake had a difficult life. However, when you watch IN COLD BLOOD, you are transfixed and overwhelmed by his work in this masterpiece."

Baldwin shared a video clip of the movie to accompany his tribute to Blake.

Blake died on Thursday in Los Angeles. He was 89.

The "Baretta" star died from heart disease, according to a statement released by his niece, Noreen Austin.

"He died at home with family around him peacefully, long-term heart issues," Austin told Fox News Digital. "He spent the last few years listening to jazz music and playing his guitar and watching classic movies."

Once hailed as among the finest actors of his generation, Blake became better known as the defendant in a real-life murder story more bizarre than any in which he acted. Blake went from acclaim for his acting to notoriety when he was tried and acquitted in the killing of his wife, Bonny Lee Bakley, who died outside a Studio City restaurant on May 4, 2001.

Baldwin has made similar statements about other troubled celebrities – last summer, he celebrated the extremely controversial Woody Allen in an Instagram post.

The post was a video promoting Allen's book "Zero Gravity" and Baldwin's interview with the director, and in the video's caption he wrote, "Let me preface this by stating that I have ZERO INTEREST in anyone's judgments and sanctimonious posts here. I am OBVIOUSLY someone who has my own set of beliefs and COULD NOT CARE LESS about anyone else's speculation."

He was referring, of course, to the allegations of sexual abuse against Allen made by his adopted daughter Dylan Farrow in 1992. Allen has continually denied Farrow's claims, but she maintains that he molested her.

Meanwhile, Baldwin urging fans to remember Blake’s career instead of his "legal entanglements" comes on the heels of his own legal battles in the "Rust" fatal shooting case.

ALEC BALDWIN'S INVOLUNTARY MANSLAUGHTER CASE INTENSIFIES AS ‘RUST’ PROSECUTOR FIRES BACK

Baldwin previously pleaded not guilty to two counts of involuntary manslaughter in the death of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins. He was charged in January, more than a year after the fatal shooting on the "Rust" film set.

Baldwin's lawyer told a judge Thursday the former "30 Rock" star "wants his day in court," and claimed the gun used in the fatal "Rust" shooting was destroyed by the state.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

However, Heather Brewer, spokesperson for the office of the New Mexico First Judicial District Attorney, confirmed with Fox News Digital that the gun has "not been destroyed by the state."

"The gun Alec Baldwin used in the shooting that killed Halyna Hutchins has not been destroyed by the state. The gun is in evidence and is available for the defense to review," Brewer said.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Baldwin previously scored a legal win when the judge chose to drop the firearms enhancement charge originally brought by the prosecution. The actor's legal team argued adding the enhancement was unconstitutional because the law was not enacted until after the fatal shooting.

Fox News Digital's Tracy Wright and Lauryn Overhultz contributed to this report.Priyanka Chopra said she was left in tears after she was told she was too big to fit in a "sample size" during a fitting this week.

"I've been told many things that are difficult to hear," the "Citadel" actress told Amazon Studios head Jennifer Salke at the SXSW conference and festival in Austin, Texas, Friday, according to People magazine.

"In my job, the pressure is so intense you can't really show the chinks in your armor. Someone told me yesterday that I wasn't sample-sized. … I was hurt, and I discussed it with my family, and I cried to my husband and my team, and I felt really bad about the fact that I'm not sample size."

She revealed that size 2 is considered "sample size," and "that's a problem, apparently."

SELENA GOMEZ SLAMS BODY SHAMERS, TELLING THEM TO ‘GO AWAY’: I'M NOT A MODEL'

She added that "most people" are not sample size.

The actress, who is married to Nick Jonas and shares a 1-year-old daughter who spent nearly 100 days in a NICU after she was born, said people often say the "meanest and nastiest" things about her child and family, "and I think sometimes people forget you are even human.

PRIYANKA CHOPRA SHARES ADORABLE NEW PHOTOS OF BABY MALTI

"I can't explain how it feels when you are sitting down on your couch and you just feel the world coming at you because people have forgotten that you are human."

The 40-year-old said she surrounds herself with people who "love" and "care" for her and don’t care about what she can do for them.

"People who want to see you smile and be enriched," she explained. "It doesn't have to be a room full of people. I can count them on my hands."

Chopra, who won Miss World in 2000, spoke recently about societal standards of beauty that she said are often focused on the male gaze.

"I think the equity on physical beauty when it comes to women are defined predominately by the male gaze," she told BBC News, referring to pageants. "That ‘Oh my gosh, your waist is not the right size’ or ‘Your height is not the right size’ or ‘You look a certain way that makes you beautiful and that doesn’t make you beautiful,' so that being judged by the male gaze and the beauty standards that have been created by patriarchal norms because women have for a very long time lived as secondary citizens. That’s hard."

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

She said while she wouldn’t want to join a pageant at her age now, she felt it gave her a "springboard" to her career when she was a teenager.

"That was a very empowering feeling," she said.

At 40, she says she no longer wants to be judged for her body type.

In her autobiography "Unfinished," she also mentioned that a successful film director told her she should get a "boob job" and fix her "proportions" when she was first starting her acting career. She said she left the movie over it but never gave that as the reason.

The "Quantico" actress married Jonas in 2018, and their daughter Malti was born via surrogate a full trimester premature Jan. 15, 2022.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

After a scary stay of over three months in a NICU during which her parents didn’t know if she’d live, Malti is now "healthy and thriving," Chopra said.Robert Blake's daughter previously said she didn't want to know if the actor shot and killed her mother Bonny Lee Bakley in 2001.

Blake died Thursday in Los Angeles at the age of 89, Fox News Digital confirmed.

Once hailed as among the finest actors of his generation, Blake became better known as the defendant in a real-life murder story more bizarre than any in which he acted. He went from acclaim for his acting to notoriety when he was tried and acquitted in the killing of his wife, Bakley, who died outside a Studio City restaurant on May 4, 2001.

Rose Lenore Blake spoke to the media for the first time in 2019 about her childhood and reconnecting with her father years after her mother's tragic death.

STARS WE'VE LOST IN 2023

"It was a lot to handle," she told People magazine at the time. "He started talking about [Bakley], and I said, 'This is too much.' And he was very respectful of that, which was good. I don't want to know if he did it or not."

"It feels useless to have an opinion about it," she added. "Say he did it or he didn't do it – what's the point of knowing that, other than to just trouble myself? I think it's better to just see both sides for what they are and not try to overwhelm myself. It's complicated."

Rose also opened up about her "traumatic childhood" during the interview.

"It's all so public," she told the outlet. "I can literally Google any of our names, and it would come up. It was kind of a traumatic childhood at that point."

ROBERT BLAKE'S DAUGHTER REFLECTS ON HER ‘TRAUMATIC CHILDHOOD' AFTER MOM BONNY LEE BAKLEY'S DEATH

Robert's daughter, who was 19 at the time of the interview, recalled being photographed by the paparazzi while cheering at her high school. While dealing with depression and anxiety, the moment "put distance" between her and her classmates.

"I have very severe anxiety and depression," Rose explained. "I went to therapists throughout the years to discuss all my family issues."

Despite therapy, Rose continued to lean on her friends rather than family.

"It was easier to talk to friends than family," she said. "It was such a messy situation with my family, and everyone was part of it in some way. My friends weren't attached to it, so it was less complicated talking with them."

She admitted she felt like there were two parts of her in an interview with "Good Morning America," also in 2019.

"One of them is, you know, trying to kind of recover from what happened when I was young and trying to sort through the complicated family that I have," she explained. "And then one of them is just a normal teenage girl."

Blake was adamant that he had not killed his wife, and a jury found Blake not guilty of murder in March 2005.

Months after he was acquitted, a civil jury found him liable for her death and ordered Blake to pay Bakley's family $30 million for her wrongful death, a judgment that sent him into bankruptcy.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

Blake's death was confirmed to Fox News Digital by his niece, Noreen Austin.

"He died at home with family around him peacefully, long-term heart issues," Austin said in a statement. "He spent the last few years listening to jazz music and playing his guitar and watching classic movies."

Blake is known for his portrayal of Perry Smith in "In Cold Blood." His last credit was in the David Lynch thriller "Lost Highway," where he starred alongside Bill Pullman, Patricia Arquette and Henry Rollins.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Fox News Digital's Tracy Wright contributed to this report.Meghan Markle allegedly "hated being a second-rate princess" before she made her royal exit with Prince Harry.

The claim was made by a Kensington Palace staffer "who remembered Meghan well" in a new book written by Tom Quinn titled "Gilded Youth: An Intimate History of Growing Up in the Royal Family." It features exclusive testimony from palace staff with historical sources, as well as royal insiders. It aims to examine the traditional upbringing of the British royal family and how it has impacted them over the years.

A Buckingham Palace spokesperson did not immediately respond to Fox News Digital’s request for comment concerning Quinn’s book. However, a spokesperson previously told Fox News Digital that the palace does not generally comment "on such books."

Quinn told Fox News Digital that the former American actress identified with Princess Diana, a member of the royal family who was treated unfairly by the press and then hounded by paparazzi until her tragic death in 1997 at age 36.

PRINCE HARRY HATED 'WOKE NONSENSE’ BEFORE MEGHAN MARKLE, CLAIM ‘HORRIFIED’ SCHOOLMATES

"It’s very easy to see why Meghan would identify with Diana because, in a sense, Diana was also a rebel within the royal family," Quinn explained. "Their views of the royal family coincide. They’re very similar. Diana hated all that stuffiness. She didn’t like the pheasant shooting that she was dragged along to. And it’s interesting because Diana grew up in that world. She grew up on an enormous estate. The Spencers are one of the most aristocratic families in the U.K. They’ve married into the royal family for over 500-600 years. But I think when Meghan thinks of Diana, she sees a kindred spirit."

According to Quinn’s book, the palace staffer described the 41-year-old as "a very nice, smiley, super-positive person." However, as someone who "always felt in control of her own destiny" she found herself in an institution "she couldn’t influence."

"She was dazzled by the worldwide fame that being a princess would bring, but she was shocked by the palace protocol and by the fact that she was not and never could be first in the pecking order," the staffer alleged, as quoted in Quinn's book. "She hated the constraints and the rules; she hated being a second-rate princess – second to Catherine Middleton, I mean. She thought she would be living in Windsor Castle, for example, and just couldn’t believe it when she and Harry were given Nottingham Cottage on the grounds of Kensington Palace."

Markle, a star on the legal drama "Suits," became the Duchess of Sussex when she married the British prince, 38, in 2018.

Six months after their royal wedding, it was revealed that the couple would set up a home at Frogmore Cottage. A Buckingham Palace statement confirmed that the couple had accepted the gift from Queen Elizabeth II.

MEGHAN MARKLE AND PRINCE HARRY'S FROGMORE COTTAGE EVICTION: EVERYTHING TO KNOW ABOUT ROYAL HOME

At the time, the Sussexes were living in Nottingham Cottage, or "Nott Cott." It appeared in the couple’s Netflix documentary that premiered in December. In the six-part docuseries, Markle recalled how the modest two-bedroom residence took Oprah Winfrey by surprise.

"We were living on palace grounds," said Markle. "Kensington Palace sounds very regal – of course, it does, it says ‘palace’ in the name, but Nottingham Cottage was a small [house]."

The staffer said that Markle was in for a rude awakening when she became a member of the royal family.

"She hated the fact that she had to do what she was told and go where she was told in the endless, and to a large extent pointless royal round," the source alleged. "I don’t think in the whole of history there was ever a greater divide between what someone expected when they became a member of the royal family and what they discovered it was really like. She was hugely disappointed. She was a global superstar but was being told what she could and could not do, what she could and could not say. She hated it."

The source noted that Markle "quickly realized that she was treated by the royal establishment and the aristocratic advisers in a slightly condescending way because she was not a blood royal."

Quinn said that like Markle, Diana "didn’t like all the rules you had to obey." When the press began targeting Markle, it only confirmed her feelings that "she was very much like Diana."

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

However, he said the two women could not be more different.

"I think what Meghan forgets is that Diana may have occasionally been very cross that a newspaper said things about her that she didn’t like, but she was also absolutely brilliant at getting the newspapers on her side," he said. "The paparazzi chased her everywhere, but she was also very good at getting [the press] to say wonderful things about her. At times, people used to joke in the U.K. that newspapers talked about Diana as if she was Mother Theresa of Calcutta. And I think Meghan forgets that Diana also used the press. Diana liked the press because they helped her create this global image that she was eventually able to enjoy."

Still, Quinn could see why Markle identified with her late mother-in-law.

"Diana wanted to go to the cinema, she wanted to do all the fun things, not the old-fashioned things," he explained. "Diana didn’t like all the rules you had to obey. For example, in Kensington Palace at the time, if one of the members of the family wanted to go to the hairdresser in the morning, they had to check there wasn’t a more senior royal going out roughly at the same time. It was ridiculous. They can’t just leave. They just can’t go for a walk without checking in and making sure you’re not upstaging a more important member of the family. Diana hated all of that."

The palace staffer alleged that while Middleton dealt with the same media scrutiny as Prince William's wife, she "used charm and patience to get people on her side rather than trying to hector them into being nice to her."

"The thing to remember is that there is no limit to Meghan’s ambition, and like most fiercely ambitious people, she never thinks, ‘Have I got this wrong? Am I overreacting?’" the staffer alleged in the book. "But it remains true that she is a lovely person so long as she is never crossed."

MEGHAN MARKLE, PRINCE HARRY’S DAUGHTER PRINCESS LILIBET DIANA CHRISTENED IN CALIFORNIA, ROYAL FAMILY A NO-SHOW

Quinn, who has covered the British royal family for decades, had some advice for Markle.

"If she wants to be like Diana, she needs to maybe be nicer to the press," he said. "Fighting with them and continually complaining about them – it doesn’t do any good. Every time Meghan complains, the newspapers turn that into a story. A friend of mine said, ‘If the tabloids in the U.K. won’t leave you alone, if they’re constantly pestering you, there’s no point in shouting at them, throwing pots and pans at them. The best thing to do is to make them a cup of tea, serve it on a tray and take it out to them. Be nice to them because the British tabloids never expect that.' And that’s what Diana did, metaphorically."

The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped back as senior royals in 2020. They now reside in California with their two children.A "Wheel of Fortune" contestant made a risky move during the bonus round.

During Wednesday’s episode, a game show player named Bradley snuck in a special message before solving the puzzle.

The phrase on the letter board spelled out "HAPP_ T_ HEAR THAT," with only two letters missing from the puzzle.

"Now, don’t tense up, you have only 10 seconds to do this, not 11, 10. Good luck," longtime game show host Pat Sajak suggested.

'WHEEL OF FORTUNE' CONTESTANT BLASTED BY OUTRAGED FANS AFTER LOSING MILLION-DOLLAR PRIZE

Within 10 seconds, the "Wheel of Fortune" contestant decided to give a special shoutout to his loved ones before solving the phrase.

"Sino, Kalani, Shiloh, Daddy loves you… Happy to hear that," Bradley proudly shouted.

"Yeah, that’s it! Pretty sneaky," Sajak said to the game player.

‘WHEEL OF FORTUNE’ CONTESTANT BLASTS PAT SAJAK FOR PUZZLE MISHAP

"What if in the middle of your greeting, the buzzer went off?" he continued to question.

Bradley didn’t appear to mind, since his bonus round prize was a brand-new car.

The contestant was ecstatic as he was seen enthusiastically clapping and running to his shiny new prize, a red Chevy SUV.

"Wheel of Fortune" co-host Vanna White opened the car door for Bradley and made a gesture for him to test out the passenger seat.

After White closed the car door behind him and patted Bradley on the arm, Sajak announced that the winning player would be taking home $58,569.

"That’s the way to go out."

Bradley was all smiles as he waved excitedly out the car window.

The "Wheel of Fortune" Twitter account shared the viral moment with the caption, "Bradley’s answer isn’t what you’re expecting," with an eyeball emoji.

Fans were quick to react to Bradley’s bold move before solving the puzzle.

"Gutsy move. 10 seconds isn’t all that long," one Twitter user wrote.

‘WHEEL OF FORTUNE’ FAILS: CONTESTANTS WHO TOTALLY BLEW IT

Another fan noted, "That wouldn't have count a few years ago."

Others applauded the "Wheel of Fortune" player for his major win.

"Congratulations to Bradley Rose," a fan tweeted with thumbs up and clapping emojis.

"Wheel of Fortune" contestants continue to make quite an impression on their fans.

Earlier this week, fans appeared outraged as a game show player lost her chance to win a million-dollar prize and a European vacation.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

During an episode of the beloved game show, a player from Louisiana named Micki guessed the puzzle letter incorrectly, causing major disappointment among fans.

Micki was three letters away from winning not only the million-dollar wedge but also a trip to Croatia.

The puzzle for the category "Thing" on the board read "A ROARING FIRE IN THE FIRE _ _ A _ E."

After Sajak asked what letter the contestant wanted, she nervously replied with the letter "S."

Micki appeared defeated after the buzzer sounded, signaling her guess was incorrect. The audience members were also heard groaning in the background over her letter choice.

Sajak replied, "You got the reaction, no ‘S,’ I’m sorry."

"Wheel of Fortune" fans were quick to slam the mistake on Twitter after the episode.

"Getting angry at Wheel of Fortune. Just another Friday night," one annoyed fan wrote.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The popular game show premiered on television in 1975, and Sajak started hosting it in 1981. Co-host White joined Sajak in 1982.Before meeting Meghan Markle, Prince Harry "made jokes that we are no longer allowed to make," insisted one former classmate.

The claim was made in a new book by author Tom Quinn titled "Gilded Youth: An Intimate History of Growing Up in the Royal Family." It features exclusive testimony from palace staff with historical sources, as well as royal insiders. It aims to examine the traditional upbringing of the British royal family and how it has impacted them over the years.

Quinn also took a close look at the Duke of Sussex’s schooling at the prestigious Eton College, which he attended from 1998 to 2003.

"In the past, I’ve worked as a journalist for very old-fashioned magazines in England where most of the readers are people who hunt, shoot and fish," Quinn explained to Fox News Digital. "They tend to be very grand, very right-wing. They typically really dislike what they would describe as ‘woke’ and ‘tree-hugging.’ They think real country people are defined by the fact that they shoot things. And if you go to a school like Eton, you don’t get a broad social mix. It’s only people from the old English aristocracy who are very conservative… This is the world that Harry grew up in. His only friends were the sons and some daughters of the old English aristocracy who are all like this. And so, his world was limited by that."

PRINCE HARRY ADMITS PSYCHEDELIC DRUGS HELPED HIM 'DEAL WITH THE TRAUMAS' OF THE PAST

One Eton contemporary admitted to Quinn that Harry, 38, "hated all that politically correct stuff – all that woke nonsense."

"He was funny, a bit cynical and great company because, like the rest of us, he made jokes that we are no longer allowed to make," the source claimed. "After Meghan came along, he changed completely into what he would once have been the first to mock: a sort of Guardian-reading tree-hugger. It was all Meghan’s influence. We used to joke that she must be very good in bed to have turned his head that far."

Sources who befriended Harry at Eton alleged that they were "stunned" by how quickly Harry changed after he met the American actress. The former "Suits" star, who met Harry in 2016, became the Duchess of Sussex when she married the British prince in 2018.

"His friends were horrified because it was almost as if he’d gone over to the enemy," Quinn chuckled. "They were very rude about it. When Harry met Meghan, they got close very quickly. Harry wanted her to meet his friends. It never occurred to him that she might think they were awful, that they would make racist jokes. Harry once famously went to a party dressed up as a Nazi. They wouldn’t think anything of that because they never worried about that sort of thing. They thought that kind of thing would mean you were left-wing and a tree-hugger. They didn’t think it was terrible to make racist jokes."

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

"I think they were really shocked," Quinn continued. "Meghan spent the day apparently telling them that they couldn’t make these awful jokes. One of them said at the end of the day, after meeting Meghan, they exchanged messages, not with Harry and Meghan, but with each other saying, ‘Why is Harry going out with this awful woman? She’s a tree-hugger. She’s obsessed with being woke.’ But I think Harry’s world was very split. And Meghan is a very powerful personality. Everyone says it."

Quinn’s book alleged Harry’s friends were not prepared to be "reprimanded" by Markle, insisting she "lacked any sense of humor" One pal allegedly texted to the other, "OMG what about HER?" with another chiming, "Harry must be f---ing nuts."

It was undeniable to everyone that Harry was captivated by the screen starlet. As he struggled to be "the spare" with his elder brother Prince William being the heir to the British throne, Harry "felt he had to escape." However, the prince was not prepared for how adopting "Meghan’s way" would make him open to the same press attention "he has always hated."

"I think by adopting completely Meghan’s view of the world, I think it made it much more difficult for him, certainly in his relationships with other members of the royal family," Quinn explained. "It created this huge split. He feels completely removed from his old life, the one of the British royal family, which is still very conservative. In being loyal to his wife and his new life in the states, he has adopted all the values that come with that, all the ideas, all the outlooks. You’ve got William, who has bought into the traditions of the royal family because he’s the heir, he totally believes in the product. And then you’ve got Harry and Meghan who don’t believe in the product at all."

CHRIS ROCK'S JABS AT MEGHAN MARKLE'S RACISM CLAIMS ARE 'A REAL PUNCH IN THE GUT': EXPERT

"In some ways, the press in the U.K. have treated Meghan and Harry unfairly," Quinn shared. "[But] I think the real problem is that Meghan is so different. Her values, her views are so different. Now that Harry is a part of that, it’s hard to see how the two sides can ever be reconciled. It’s very difficult. I do think it made things much more difficult for Harry as far as the U.K. and the royal family are concerned."

Harry previously described that he fell in love with Markle "so incredibly quickly." Quinn noted that the prince found the California native’s outlook on life "incredibly refreshing," a stark comparison to what he was exposed to at Eton.

"It was as if someone had opened a door to a new world for him," said Quinn. "He thought the only world that existed was this world, the one where you laughed at tree-huggers, you laughed at the people who didn’t like shooting pheasants and deer. That was the only world he knew. And then suddenly, he came across a person who didn’t share any of those values. I think, at first, it was a real shock to him. And then, in a funny way, it showed him the way out. His friends at Eton, whom he’d known and hunted with, suddenly felt he was no longer one of them. And ultimately, they went one way, and he moved over to the other side."

"It was a big shift for Harry, but I also think it’s desperately what Harry needed," Quinn pointed out. "He needed someone who was strong because he didn’t have that from a woman as he was growing up. He needed someone to give him a sense of direction. And it was a delight for him to discover that there was a world beyond the racist aristocrats that he grew up with. And I think he was delighted to escape from them."

PRINCE HARRY ADDRESSES 'SPARE' BACKLASH IN INTERVIEW: 'I HAVE NEVER LOOKED FOR SYMPATHY IN THIS'

A former Kensington Palace aide who worked closely with the Duchess of Sussex claimed that "Harry was never like this before he met Meghan."

"He had no ideas of his own," claimed the source. "He rarely, if ever, spoke about global warming. He was a sort of Tim-Nice-but-Dim character who liked getting pissed with his army and Eton friends, did a bit of shooting and fishing and was otherwise undistinguished."

"Harry was always looking for a woman to whip him into shape; nice chap but no idea where he was going or what he should do – at least until Meghan came along," a friend from Eton added.

The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped back as senior royals in 2020. They now reside in California with their two young children.King Charles has officially given the title of Duke of Edinburgh to his youngest brother, Prince Edward.

The announcement was made in a statement on the royal family's website Thursday to coincide with Edward's birthday, which is Friday.

"His Majesty The King has been pleased to confer the Dukedom of Edinburgh upon The Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex and Forfar, on the occasion of His Royal Highness’s 59th birthday," the statement began.

After confirming that Edward would hold the title for the rest of his life, the message continued with "The Dukedom was last created for Prince Philip in 1947, upon his marriage to Princess Elizabeth, who held the title of Duchess of Edinburgh before acceding to the throne in 1952.

A LOOK AT THE LIFE OF THE YOUNGEST OF QUEEN ELIZABETH II'S CHILDREN, PRINCE EDWARD, EARL OF WESSEX

"The new Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh are proud to continue Prince Philip’s legacy of promoting opportunities for young people of all backgrounds to reach their full potential."

Prince Edward also holds the titles of Earl of Wessex and Earl of Forfar, the first given to him by Queen Elizabeth upon his marriage to Sophie Rhys-Jones, who became the Countess of Wessex, and the second given to him on his birthday in 2019.

The Duke of Edinburgh title was only given to four people, the first being Prince Frederick, son of King George II, in 1726.

Prince Philip held the title until his death in 2021.

PRINCE PHILIP'S WILL TO REMAIN PRIVATE FOR AT LEAST 90 YEARS, JUDGES RULE: ‘CIRCUMSTANCES ARE EXCEPTIONAL’

King Charles has two other siblings, Anne, referred to as the Princess Royal, and Prince Andrew, the Duke of York.

At this time, Charles has not given Anne nor Andrew new titles.

The news of Prince Edward's new dukedom comes on the heels of the news of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's children being given royal titles of their own.

MEGHAN MARKLE, PRINCE HARRY'S DAUGHTER PRINCESS LILIBET DIANA CHRISTENED IN CALIFORNIA, ROYAL FAMILY A NO-SHOW

As of this week, young Archie and Lilibet are officially a prince and a princess.

In a statement given to Fox News Digital, a spokesperson for Meghan and Harry said "The children's titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became monarch . This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace."

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER

As for the line of succession to the throne, Prince William is first in line, followed by all three of his children. Harry is next, now followed by Archie and Lilibet.

Prince Andrew comes after, then daughters Beatrice and Eugenie and their children, and Prince Edward follows along with his daughter.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Anne, although she is older than both Andrew and Edward, falls below them as 16th in line to the throne, due to an outdated rule about the order of women in the line of succession.