Mississippi is on track to join a growing list of states banning a pill, dubbed "gas station heroin," which can cause withdrawal symptoms similar to that of opioids. The pills have been dubbed "gas station heroin" since the substance is readily available at convenience stores and online.

Under Mississippi House Bill 4, tianeptine, commonly known as Zaza Red, Tianna, and TD Red, would be classified as a Schedule 1 Controlled Substance, banning its sale and use statewide. If passed, Mississippi would join Alabama, Michigan, Tennessee, Georgia, Indiana, and Ohio in passing bans on tianeptine.

On Wednesday, lawmakers in Mississippi passed the House Bill 4 by a wide margin, according to local station WCBI.

On their website, Tianaa markets the pills containing tianeptine as "dietary" with having "relaxing and energizing properties" and "strong soothing abilities."

However, according to the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), tianeptine is addictive and has similar withdrawal side effects like paranoia and hallucinations if the user abuses the drug.

According to Vice, tianeptine targets the same receptors in the brain as opioids.

WHAT'S A 'BORG?' GEN Z'S HANGOVER-PROOF TIKTOK TREND BECOMES A STAPLE FOR WARDING OFF DRINKING DANGERS

"The associated health effects included neurologic, cardiovascular, and gastrointestinal signs and symptoms, with some effects mimicking opioid toxicity and withdrawal." The Center of Disease Control (CDC) warned users to stop taking the pill before it becomes addictive.

According to StatPearls, nearly three million Americans are addicted to opioids.

Despite Tianna, and TD Red claiming that their products can be used to relieve depression and provide energy, the FDA warns that tianeptine is not approved for any medical issue. While tianeptine is not approved by the FDA for prescription regulation, it is used as medicine in Europe, Asia, and Latin America.

Zaza Red and Tianna did not immediately respond to Fox News Digital's request for comment.

MOTHER OF FENTANYL CRISIS VICTIM SLAMS BIDEN ADMIN AS DRUGS POUR INTO US: 'HARD TO GET PEOPLE TO LISTEN'

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER

Hunter Barnett shared his experience with tianeptine with Vice.

Barnett started taking just a few pills at a time to manage an esophagus condition. But as his tolerance grew, he began taking between three and six bottles of pills each day.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Once he stopped, Barnett shared that withdrawal symptoms were "the absolute worst experience of my life," surpassing detoxes he had gone through after taking opioids such as oxycodone and fentanyl, he told Vice.When COVID-19 vaccines became widely available in the spring of 2021, some businesses announced that if employees wanted to keep their jobs, they'd have to get the jab.

Most people complied — but many did not.

The Mayo Clinic, New York City, United Airlines and many health care facilities nationwide were among the organizations that terminated employees who remained unvaccinated. Some law enforcement agencies also fired staffers who refused the vaccine — including the San Francisco Police Department (SFPD).

Joel Aylworth was among the SFPD officers who had to turn in their badges when they failed to comply with the vaccine mandate.

COVID-19 SHOCKER: SOME PARENTS LIED ABOUT THEIR KIDS' SICKNESS STATUS AND BROKE QUARANTINE RULES, STUDY FINDS

"As a Christian, I don't believe in injecting biological substances into my blood," Aylworth told Fox News Digital in a phone interview.

Aylworth said he also believed that as a healthy man in his 30s, he was not at risk for the adverse effects of COVID.

"I focused on the data, which said this virus wasn't really killing people," he said. "People in my age group have a 99.9% survival rate without any vaccine."

As information continues to emerge today about COVID's lab origins, Aylworth said he stands by his decision.

"I’m proud that I aligned with my truth that day and moving forward," he said.

Police work in his blood

Aylworth, 40, was a third-generation police officer who originally wanted to join the FBI.

He opted to follow in his father's and grandfather's footsteps instead.

PFIZER COVID VACCINE SAFETY IS 'CLEARLY SOMETHING WE HAVE TO TAKE SERIOUSLY': DR. MARC SEIGEL

When Aylworth was growing up in Fairfield, California, his father was the sheriff in the county where they lived. His grandfather worked with the San Francisco Police Department (SFPD) in the 1950s through the 1970s.

Aylworth joined the Oakland Police Department in 2006. In 2013, he transferred to the SFPD, where he worked for more than eight years. He patrolled primarily in the Mission District and spent two years training veteran officers and recruits.

Life was good for Aylworth. He lived with his wife, Gina, and their two young sons in a house near his wife’s family in San Francisco.

He had a job he loved.

He just never expected that his 14-year career in law enforcement would end because of a vaccine mandate.

Deemed a ‘direct threat to the public’

When the COVID-19 pandemic hit, Aylworth was working full-time training officers at the San Francisco Police Academy.

"Right away, they shut down the Academy, and then because there were no recruits or anyone to train, the department realized they had all this extra personnel doing nothing," he said.

For a few weeks, Aylworth and some other officers, he said, were tasked with going downtown to the Tenderloin District and keeping homeless people from congregating — "because COVID supposedly spread very easily," he said.

Face masks were required for all officers, but the department only mandated tests for those who got COVID or who were in close contact with someone who did.

When COVID vaccines became available, the SFPD announced it would require the vax unless officers had a valid religious or medical exemption on file.

On Aug. 19, 2021, Aylworth filed for a religious exemption, he said.

PRIOR COVID INFECTION PROVIDES JUST AS MUCH PROTECTION AS VACCINES, NEW STUDY FINDS

"Also, we knew as early as March 2021 that this vaccine did not protect against transmission," he added.

He also said he was not comfortable with the amount of research or the validity of the research into the effects and risks of the vaccine.

Aylworth's exemption was approved by the SFPD's human resources department, he said.

Less than a month later, on Sept. 16, he received an email informing him that his original exemption was no longer valid.

CDC IDENTIFIES POSSIBLE 'SAFETY CONCERN' FOR CERTAIN PEOPLE RECEIVING COVID VACCINES

"The department said it had some ‘secondary questions’ for me and the other 150 already approved exemptions — along with another 150 who had applied for exemptions and were waiting to be approved," Aylworth told Fox News Digital.

After answering the second round of questions, Aylworth said he received another letter noting that his religious exemption was no longer valid based on his latest responses.

In a letter, the department told Aylworth that because he wasn't vaccinated, he was "unable to perform essential job functions."

"All 150 of us who were previously approved did not get approved this time around," he said. "Everyone in the department got denied."

When it was announced that all officers would have to get the vaccine or be fired, many of those whose exemptions were denied began to resign.

"Our group dwindled from 300 to about 40 who actually were willing to get terminated," said Aylworth.

"Compare that to somewhere like Los Angeles, which has a department of 10,000 cops and received 2,000 requested religious exemptions," he said. "The city threatened to fire them, too, but did nothing because they knew they couldn’t afford to lose 20% of their force, so they required weekly testing instead. SFPD did not offer testing or masking options like many neighboring cities and counties."

Upon his refusal to get the vaccine, Aylworth said he was placed on a 30-day administrative leave.

He shared with Fox News Digital the verbiage of the letter he received on this: "The health and well-being of City employees and the public we serve are top priorities during our emergency response to COVID-19. Your failure to comply with the vaccination requirement endangers the health and safety of the City's workforce and the public we serve. The City repeatedly notified you of this requirement. As a result of your non-vaccination status, you are unable to perform essential job functions."

After receiving one month of paid leave, Aylworth said he was then placed on administrative leave without pay.

YEARLY COVID VACCINE AS PROPOSED BY FDA? 'CART BEFORE THE HORSE,' SAYS DOCTOR

"The reason they justified not paying me during this time," he said, "is they were able to drum up an old City Charter code that said if an employee is a direct threat to the public, which apparently I was deemed, they would not pay me while being placed on admin leave."

Fox News Digital reached out to the San Francisco Police Department.

The department declined to offer comment about Officer Aylworth, "as it is a personnel matter," a spokesperson said.

The department did confirm, however, that "Officer Aylworth separated from SFPD on March 10, 2022."

Aylworth shared with Fox News Digital an excerpt from the SFPD's letter to him.

"San Francisco Charter §§ A8.341 and A8.344 state that the Department's sworn members can be placed on unpaid interim suspension for ‘acts which present an immediate danger to the public health and safety …’ I have concluded that your conduct in this matter falls into this category. I therefore intend to place you on interim suspension upon revocation of your paid leave. You will receive a separate notice of the effective date of the interim suspension. After that date, you shall no longer be on ‘paid’ administrative leave but shall be carried in an ‘unpaid’ capacity while awaiting a final decision regarding your separation hearing before the Police Commission."

FACE MASKS MADE ‘LITTLE TO NO DIFFERENCE’ IN PREVENTING SPREAD OF COVID, SCIENTIFIC REVIEW FINDS

On March 15, 2022, the SFPD disarmed Aylworth and took away his star and ID card, he said.

He was issued a stay-away order from the department.

Then, on March 28, 2022, he was officially fired, he said.

"The ironic part is, after the onset of COVID, I worked until October 2021 — around one and a half years — without any vaccine, and I was deemed essential," Aylworth said.

"Then in October, I was suddenly deemed a ‘direct threat to the public’ — even though back in March 2021, we knew the vaccine offered no protection of transmission, but supposedly just lessened symptoms," he said.

Fighting for his rights

At a hearing held in October 2021, the SFPD was due to present evidence of the claim that Aylworth was a "direct threat" to the public, he said — but they did not do that, he said.

"I’ve never been evaluated by a doctor to see if I’m carrying some infectious disease. I’ve never been tested for natural immunity or even asked," Aylworth also told Fox News Digital.

"The only evidence they provided at a so-called hearing was the emails they sent advising me to get the vaccine," he said.

"They checked my vaccine status in a portal they created for the city, and it said I was still unvaccinated. So, according to their standards, I was a threat and was fired."

Today, Aylworth and about 140 other employees are pursuing legal action against the city. He shared documentation to that effect with Fox News Digital.

"We are taking legal action for several factors, but the main one to highlight is the violation of our Title VII violations, which clearly state how religious exemptions should be handled," he said.

‘At peace with my decision’

After what happened to him in San Francisco, Aylworth, his wife and their two sons (now 9 and 5) moved to Nampa, Idaho, he told Fox News Digital.

He left behind a career that he loved and a $200,000 annual salary.

To stay afloat, he said he liquidated his retirement accounts. He also incurred some hefty credit card debt, he said.

"It requires courage to rise above and defend your rights, control your emotions, and maintain a happy state of mind."

Even so, Aylworth does not regret refusing to get the COVID vaccine.

He admits that the situation was scary, especially since his wife home-schools their children and he is the family's sole income earner. Yet ultimately he feels at peace with his decision, he said.

"It requires courage to rise above and defend your rights, control your emotions and maintain a happy state of mind," Aylworth said.

"Most people follow the path of least resistance. They don’t want anything to interfere with their ease and comfort. But I believe it’s the times when you suffer that you actually grow."

"Despite all the financial stress and turmoil, I know I am being guided for bigger and better things."

Today, Aylworth is a life coach and holistic health coach, something he said he'd wanted to pursue ever since his mother was diagnosed with cancer.

He originally launched it as a side business back in 2014, but now he has the opportunity to devote himself to coaching full-time.

‘Everything happens for a reason’

In October 2022, the New York State Supreme Court called for all public city employers to rehire anyone the city had terminated as a result of vaccine mandates. Massachusetts also offered to bring back some fired state employees. And many big companies, including Starbucks, Adidas and Intel, have dropped employee vaccination requirements.

"Maybe this was a sign from the universe that it was time for me to go out and do something different and have even more positive impact on the world."

Would Aylworth ever consider returning to police work if the SPFD offered to rehire him?

"I don't know right now," he answered. "I'll make that decision when the time comes. I do believe that everything happens for a reason. I believe that life happens for you, not to you. Maybe this was a sign from the universe that it was time for me to go out and do something different and have even more impact on the world in a more positive way than police work could have ever afforded me."

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER

Perhaps most importantly, Aylworth said he is proud of the example he has set for his kids.

While they may not yet fully understand everything that happened, he said he takes comfort in the fact that he stood up for his beliefs.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Because I know who I am and what I stand for, it makes it much easier for me to show up as a great father and role model," he said.

"This experience has taught them to not follow the crowd," he added — "and to always think for themselves."People who have had COVID-19 may experience lingering chest pains for up to a year after infection, a new study found.

"Long COVID," which refers to conditions that linger for months or even years after infection, impacts nearly one in five people who have had the virus, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has reported.

Researchers at Intermountain Health, a nonprofit health care system based in Salt Lake City, Utah , examined over 140,000 adult patients for cardiovascular symptoms.

WOMEN MORE LIKELY TO SUFFER FROM ‘LONG COVID,’ BUT HEALTHY HABITS CAN LOWER THE RISK

Those who previously had COVID experienced greater degrees of chest pain six months to a year after initially getting the virus, compared to those who tested negative in the same time frame.

The study findings were presented on March 5 at the American College of Cardiology's 2023 Scientific Conference, held in New Orleans, Louisiana .

"Many COVID-19 patients experience symptoms well beyond the acute phase of infection," lead author Dr. Heidi May, a cardiovascular epidemiologist at Intermountain Health, said in a press release provided by the health care facility.

"Chest pains persisting after experiencing the coronavirus should not be ignored."

"While we didn’t see any significant rates of major events like heart attack or stroke in patients who had an initial mild infection, we did find chest pains to be a persistent problem, which could be a sign of future cardiovascular complications," she said in the same release.

COVID-19 SHOCKER: PARENTS LIED ABOUT THEIR KIDS’ SICKNESS STATUS AND BROKE QUARANTINE RULES, STUDY FINDS

Future research, Dr. May said, is needed to determine long-term patient outcomes.

"It could be that lasting effects of infection on the cardiovascular system are hard to quantify in terms of diagnoses or other events in the short term and won’t be realized until longer follow up," she said.

Dr. Norman B. Gaylis, who has treated over 1,000 patients at his Long Haul COVID Clinic in Aventura, Florida , said the study findings align with what he has seen at his practice.

He was not involved in the study.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER

Along with lingering symptoms such as brain fog, joint pain and extreme fatigue, he said chest pains are a frequent complaint — in some cases, for even longer than a year after a COVID diagnosis.

"It has been established in the medical community that COVID causes inflammation that can lead to heart damage and cause any number of conditions such as myocarditis, pericarditis, arrhythmia, blood clots and even heart failure," Dr. Gaylis told Fox News Digital in an email.

"For these reasons, chest pains persisting after experiencing the coronavirus should not be ignored."

For anyone experiencing persistent chest pains, Dr. Gaylis said it’s important to see a physician or cardiologist.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Some treatments may include oxygen, a daily baby aspirin regimen or sympathetic inhibitors," he said.

Fox News Digital reached out to Intermountain Health for comment on the study.More than half of all poisoning deaths among children five years and younger involve opioid drugs, a new study revealed.

The study, published in the journal Pediatrics on Wednesday, was conducted by researchers at The Poison Control Center at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia in Pennsylvania.

Researchers analyzed data from 40 states on the fatalities of young children between 2005 and 2018 in which the cause of death was identified as a "poisoning, overdose or acute intoxication."

The data came from the National Fatality Review-Case Reporting System, which collects and analyzes information about kids' fatalities across 40 states.

YOUTH OPIOID OVERDOSES ON THE RISE AS SCHOOLS STRUGGLE TO FIGHT THE EPIDEMIC

Out of 731 poisoning-related deaths, 47% involved opioids — which include oxycodone, hydrocodone, morphine, heroin, codeine, fentanyl and others — making them the most common cause.

Over-the-counter medications for pain, colds and allergies came in at a distant second, at 14.8%.

The study also revealed a sharp increase in the share of opioid deaths between 2005 (24.1%) and 2018 (52.2%).

"There are so many toxic substances in our world that could harm children," lead researcher Dr. Christopher Gaw, a pediatric emergency physician at Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, told Fox News Digital in an email.

"It is truly striking how just one class of substances was implicated so frequently in child poisoning deaths."

MOM WHOSE SONS DIED FROM FENTANYL BLASTS DEMOCRATS AFTER HOUSE HEARING: ‘WE HAVE REASON TO BE AFRAID’

Accidental overdoses made up the majority of opioid poisonings, at 40.7%.

Another 17.9% were deliberate poisonings; 41.4% were attributed to other causes (adverse effects or medical treatment mishaps), the study findings stated.

Children are collateral damage in opioid epidemic

In 2020, nearly 75% of all drug overdose deaths involved the use of opioids, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).

The findings of this most recent study are evidence that the opioid epidemic has not spared infants or young children, Dr. Gaw said.

"Children, especially infants and young children, are often exposed to what is in and around their environment," he continued.

"It is likely that children are being exposed more frequently to non-prescription and synthetic opioids such as fentanyl, based on the current state of the U.S. opioid epidemic."

FENTANYL-RELATED DEATHS HOLD STEADY IN MAJOR CITIES

Dr. Marc Siegel, professor of medicine at NYU Langone Medical Center in New York City and a Fox News medical contributor, told Fox News Digital he recognizes that opioids like Percocet are sometimes overprescribed and left where kids can get them.

However, he said this risk has decreased amid stricter Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) and state oversight of prescriptions. Dr. Siegel was not involved in the study.

Accidental overdoses made up the majority of opioid poisonings, at 40.7%.

"At the same time, there are more fake pills laced with fentanyl, oxycodone or Adderall, coming out of Mexico, fed by ingredients from China and elsewhere," Dr. Siegel warned.

"These are bought on the internet or social media, and then left where little children can get a hold of them," on told Fox News Digital in an email.

Fentanyl, in particular, is 50 to 100 times more powerful than morphine, he said — and can even outlast Narcan.

Preventing pediatric poisonings

The study findings highlight the importance of putting prevention measures in place.

One of these is making naloxone available in communities to act as an antidote to opioid poisonings. (Naloxone is more widely known by its brand name, Narcan.)

FDA CRACKS DOWN ON ANIMAL TRANQUILIZER AS OVERDOSE DEATHS AND AMPUTATIONS SOAR

"We often think of using naloxone in adults, but this is also an effective, safe and lifesaving medication for children poisoned by opioids," said Dr. Gaw.

He also stressed the importance of educating caregivers and the public on the signs of opioid poisoning. Some common symptoms include small pupils; shallow, slow or stopped breathing; and difficulty arousing.

"Poisonings can happen in a split second," Dr. Gaw said.

"A child may find a dropped medication on the floor that a caregiver doesn't see, or may get into a bag or a purse when a caregiver is looking the other way. It is not reasonable for us to expect a caregiver to watch a child 24/7 and be within arm's reach to keep them out of harm's way. Instead of just supervision, families should focus on preparedness and prevention."

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER

It’s always best to store medications and other potentially dangerous substances "up, away and out of sight" — preferably in a locked cabinet or closet, he said.

Outside the home, Dr. Gaw calls for interventions at the community level.

"Instead of just supervision, families should focus on preparedness and prevention."

"There is important work being done to reduce unnecessary opioid prescribing, drug diversion, and treatment of substance use disorders," he said.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"These efforts — though not directly related to children — also help protect them, since they can reduce the chance of exposure to opioids in the home."

Parents or caregivers who suspect or know of a case of poisoning should call the Poison Control Center hotline at 1-800-222-1222 to reach a trained medical professional.Welcome to the Fox News Health Newsletter. If this newsletter is not already delivered to your email, please subscribe here.

COVID-19 SHOCKER - Parents lied to "exercise personal freedoms." Continue reading…

OBESITY RISING – See the World Obesity Federation's startling prediction. Continue reading…

BINGE-DRINKING DANGERS – Discover why alcohol and teens don't mix. Continue reading…

ROYAL INCLUSION – Woman campaigns for a disabled Disney princess. Continue reading…

KETO CONTROVERSY – Find out why low-carb diets could be dangerous. Continue reading…

MEASLES ALERT – Some 20,000 people were exposed at a revival. Continued reading…

100 DAYS OF MCDONALD'S - Read about one grandpa's drive-thru diet. Continue reading…

BBL NOT A-OK – Discover the dangers of the popular butt-lift surgery. Continue reading…

FOLLOW FOX NEWS ON SOCIAL MEDIA

Facebook

Instagram

YouTube

Twitter

LinkedIn

SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERS

Fox News First

Fox News Opinion

Fox News Lifestyle



Fox News Health

Fox News Autos

Fox News Entertainment (FOX411)

DOWNLOAD OUR APPS

Fox News

Fox Business

Fox Weather

Fox Sports

Tubi

WATCH FOX NEWS ONLINE

Fox News Go

STREAM FOX NATIONMammogram facilities will need to follow some new rules soon.

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on Thursday released updated regulations that require mammogram providers to notify patients about the density of their breast tissue.

The updates apparently will give the FDA more oversight as well over individual mammography facilities — with the purported goal of improving patient care and communications.

During a screening mammogram, a technician uses a special X-ray machine to detect any abnormalities that could indicate a risk of breast cancer . The images show whether a woman has dense breast tissue, which can make it more difficult to spot cancer warning signs.

BREAST CANCER AND MAMMOGRAMS: EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THE DISEASE, SCREENING AND MORE

Women with dense breast tissue are also at a higher risk of developing the disease.

"Today’s action represents the agency’s broader commitment to support innovation to prevent, detect and treat cancer," said Hilary Marston, M.D., M.P.H., chief medical officer of the FDA in Silver Spring, Maryland , in a press release announcing the new regulations.

"Since 1992, the FDA has worked to ensure patients have access to quality mammography."

"The impact of the Mammography Quality Standards Act on public health has been significant, including a steep decrease in the number of facilities that do not meet quality standards," she continued.

Mammography facilities will have 18 months to comply with the new regulations.

"This means that more women have access to consistent, quality mammography. We remain committed to advancing efforts to improve the health of women and strengthen the fight against breast cancer."

MISSOURI BILL TO EASE ACCESS FOR BREAST CANCER SCREENINGS

Anne Peled, M.D., a breast cancer surgeon and co-director of the Breast Care Center of Excellence at Sutter Health California Pacific Medical Center in San Francisco , said she recognizes the importance of the FDA’s new guidance.

"As a patient, knowing you have denser breast tissue allows you to talk to your health care team about whether additional breast cancer screening would be helpful and come up with a plan tailored for you," she told Fox News Digital in an email.

"Having oversight of consistency in reporting on density and making sure people with denser breasts have access to technology like 3D mammograms is essential for improving equity in breast cancer screening."

Roughly half of U.S. women over age 40 have dense breast tissue, the FDA noted.

CANCER BLOOD TEST USING DNA FRAGMENTS BRINGS HOPE FOR EARLIER DETECTION, SAY RESEARCHERS

Jennifer Hartman, an Indiana-based nurse practitioner specializing in surgical breast oncology, said she believes requiring notification of dense breast tissue is a step in the right direction.

She said she also believes it’s important to provide women with affordable access to additional screening — such as breast ultrasounds or MRIs — if they do have dense breast tissue.

Since 1990, mammograms have helped reduce breast cancer deaths by nearly 40%.

"While understanding and being educated on breast density provides value, it will be even more life-saving if we could provide additional actionable measures based on that knowledge," she told Fox News Digital in an email.

Regarding the FDA updates, mammography facilities will have 18 months to comply with the new regulations.

Some question FDA's new requirements

Dr. Jenn Simmons, a functional medicine physician and integrative oncologist at Real Health MD in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, said she does not share many of her colleagues' enthusiasm about the new FDA guidelines.

EUROPEAN UNION TO AGGREGATE CANCER IMAGING DATA WITH ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TO SPEED UP EARLY DIAGNOSIS

"I do not believe that making women aware of their breast density will have any impact on health or long-term survival," she told Fox News Digital in an email. "In fact, I am concerned about the anxiety that the personal knowledge of breast density will provoke."

Dr. Simmons believes these guidelines will "provoke anxiety and lead to more patient-driven imaging, which ultimately will lead to more breast cancers due to radiation over one's lifetime."

"If we had recommendations for women about how to lower their risk of breast cancer if they have dense breasts, it would be something – but we don’t," she continued. "We are simply identifying a problem for these women without offering any solution."

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER

Each year in the U.S., about 264,000 cases of breast cancer are diagnosed in women and around 42,000 women die of the disease, according to the CDC.

The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recommends that women 50 years or older should get mammograms every other year.

For those with a family history of the disease, the recommendation is to begin mammograms at 40 years old.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Since 1990, mammogram screenings have helped to reduce breast cancer deaths by nearly 40%, according to the American College of Radiology.The oldest sitting member of the Senate, Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., is recovering at home after a recent hospitalization secondary to the viral infection called shingles, according to multiple reports.

"I want to thank everyone for the well wishes and the hospital staff for providing excellent care," the 89-year-old senator tweeted on March 7.

"I’m recovering at home now while I continue receiving treatment and look forward to returning to the Senate as soon as possible."

CALIFORNIA SENATOR FEINSTEIN HOSPITALIZED IN SAN FRANCISCO

Roughly one out of every three people in the United States will develop shingles in their lifetime, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).

People generally only get shingles once in their lives, although it is possible to get it more than once.

The risk of the infection increases as people get older, with some 1 million getting the disease each year in the U.S, the agency added.

Fox Digital News discussed the affliction with an infectious disease specialist in order to share more information about the medical condition.

What is shingles?

Shingles is a rash caused by a virus known as varicella zoster virus. It's the same virus that causes chickenpox, according to the CDC.

After someone gets chickenpox, the virus stays "dormant" in the body, hiding out in the nervous system.

More than 99% of Americans born before 1980 have had chickenpox, even if they didn’t know they had it, per the CDC.

LOWER RESPIRATORY INFECTIONS WHEN YOUNG COULD BE LINKED TO EARLIER ADULT DEATHS: STUDY

After someone gets chickenpox, the virus stays "dormant" in the body, hiding out in the nervous system.

However, it can reactivate years later as the person ages or the immune system gets depressed, causing a painful rash known as shingles, the CDC also said.

"Chickenpox occurs when you first acquire the virus — historically, it was one of the childhood diseases that almost everyone had," Dr. Anna Wald, an infectious diseases specialist and professor at the University of Washington School of Medicine in Seattle, told Fox News Digital.

"When people are older, or immunocompromised, the virus can become active again, causing shingles or zoster."

"Even after the illness and the rash resolves, the virus remains in the body," she said.

"When people are older, or immunocompromised, the virus can become active again, causing shingles or zoster."

How the virus is transmitted

If a person has shingles, he or she can spread the virus to other people who have never had chickenpox or never been vaccinated for chickenpox.

When these people touch the fluid blisters from the rash, they can later become infected, according to the CDC.

MILLENNIALS ARE RACKING UP MORE CHRONIC HEALTH CONDITIONS COMPARED TO OTHER GENERATIONS: STUDY

"If they get infected, they will develop chickenpox, not shingles," the CDC notes on its website.

But these people may develop shingles later in life.

Those who have active shingles can reduce their risk of spreading the virus by covering their rash.

It usually takes about seven to 10 days for the rash to crust over, at which time people are no longer infectious, per the CDC.

Signs and symptoms

The shingles rash is classically on one side of the face or body, which often can be diagnosed by its characteristic appearance of lesions that are fluid-filled on a red base along a nerve distribution, per the CDC.

"Typical signs and symptoms of shingles is a rash on part of the body, most often the trunk and almost always one-sided," Wald noted.

"The rash tends to be painful, with pain often persisting for a long time after the rash resolves."

Pain or tingling often precedes the rash, which usually occurs several days before the rash appears.

"The rash tends to be painful, with pain often persisting for a long time after the rash resolves."

Some complications

"The most common complication of shingles is long-term nerve pain called postherpetic neuralgia (PHN)," the CDC says on its website.

The rash can also affect the eye or brain and sometimes also other internal organs, Wald cautioned.

These complications include pneumonia, hearing problems, encephalitis (brain inflammation) and Ramsay Hunt Syndrome — which affected pop sensation Justin Bieber last year.

The syndrome affects the facial nerve near one of the ears, according to Mayo Clinic.

It is known by its classic presentation of three signs: paralysis on one side of the face; pain in the ear on the same side of facial paralysis; and vesicles, or fluid-filled blisters, in the outer part of the ear, according to previous research.

Treatment and prevention

Since shingles is caused by a virus, medications directed against the virus — known as antivirals, such as acyclovir and valacyclovir — are prescribed to decrease the duration and severity of the illness, according to the CDC.

But the medications are most effective if they're begun as soon as the rash appears.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER

Prevention is key with vaccination to prevent chickenpox and shingles.

"Effective vaccines are available to prevent both chickenpox — given in childhood, 2 doses; and for shingles — given to adults over the age of 50, also 2 doses," Wald noted.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Some people will develop shingles despite the vaccination, but it is usually milder and much less common."People suffering from migraines will soon have access to pain relief in the form of a nasal spray.

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved the first calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) receptor antagonist nasal spray intended to treat migraines in adults.

Pfizer produces the medication, called Zavzpret. It works by blocking CGRPs, a protein that is released around the brain and triggers migraines.

News of the FDA's approval came after two randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies, Pfizer noted in a press release announcing the approval.

MIGRAINE VS. HEADACHE: HOW TO TELL THE DIFFERENCE AND WHEN TO SEEK HELP

"The FDA approval of Zavzpret marks a significant breakthrough for people with migraine who need freedom from pain and prefer alternative options to oral medications," said Angela Hwang, president of Pifizer’s global biopharmaceuticals business in New York City , in the press release.

"Zavzpret underscores Pfizer’s commitment to delivering an additional treatment option to help people with migraine gain relief and get back to their daily lives."

Pfizer touts quick pain relief as the biggest benefit of Zavzpret.

In clinical trials, the nasal spray was found to begin reducing pain in as quickly as 15 minutes — and to enable sufferers to resume normal activities as quickly as 30 minutes later, the press release claimed.

The medication is also said to eliminate moderate to severe headache pain within two hours, with effects lasting for up to 48 hours.

FOR ACUTE LOWER BACK PAIN, THESE ARE THE BEST MEDICATIONS, NEW STUDY FINDS

Zavzpret is intended to treat acute migraine symptoms; it does not prevent them.

Pfizer expects migraine sufferers to have access to Zavzpret via a doctor's prescription starting in July 2023.

"Among my migraine patients, one of the most important attributes of an acute treatment option is how quickly it works," said Kathleen Mullin, M.D., associate medical director at the New England Institute for Neurology & Headache in Stamford, Connecticut , in Pfizer’s press release.

Migraines affect more than 17% of women and 5.6% of men in the U.S.

"As a nasal spray with rapid drug absorption, Zavzpret offers an alternative treatment option for people who need pain relief or cannot take oral medications due to nausea or vomiting, so they can get back to normal function quickly," the doctor continued.

Dr. Randa Jaafar, a New York-based pain management physician, told Fox News Digital that she believes Zavzpret will be a great addition to the current medications used to treat acute migraines.

"We currently have other CGRP medications, but they are either administered orally or with an injection, which have limitations," she said via email.

"The limitation with oral [medication] is that a migraine can be associated with nausea and vomiting, making it difficult to tolerate a pill. And injectables will not be favorable for patients with needle phobias."

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER

Some side effects were reported in 2% or more of the study participants.

These included taste disorders, nausea, nasal discomfort and vomiting, Pfizer noted in the press release.

Hypersensitive patients may experience skin rashes and facial swelling.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The World Health Organization (WHO) includes migraines in its list of the 10 most debilitating medical illnesses .

In the U.S., the condition affects more than 17% of women and 5.6% of men, according to the Jama Network.Across the nation, pharmacists are struggling to fill prescriptions for vital medicines on which patients have long relied.

From long-time essentials such as albuterol for asthma and Adderall for ADHD, to more recently popular drugs like Ozempic for diabetes, shelves are running dry and forcing professionals to scramble to meet their patients’ needs.

"I've been a pharmacist for 40 years and I've never seen it this bad for this long," John Seymour, a longtime pharmacist based in Virginia, told Fox News.

OZEMPIC DIABETES DRUG FACES SHORTAGE AFTER ENDORSEMENTS BY CELEBS

"It's a combination of many of these things, of increased demand — and the supply chain just hasn't kept up with it," he said.

The FDA’s drug shortage database currently lists more than 100 medications that are in short supply.

Seymour, who owns a small chain of independent pharmacies in Virginia, told Fox News he has been forced to coordinate with physicians, customers and his three stores to try a patchwork approach to filling prescriptions that are in short supply.

"From a provider and a caring aspect, it's frustrating when you can't provide for people who need your assistance," Seymour said.

DOCTORS URGE CAUTION ON DIABETES DRUGS FOR WEIGHT LOSS AFTER STUDY HIGHLIGHTS SIDE EFFECTS

In some cases, such as with Ozempic, there are no generic alternatives for him to use.

When supply runs out, his hands are tied.

The FDA has yet to approve the diabetes drug for weight loss, but that hasn’t stopped physicians and patients from using it off-label.

"The Ozempic indication isn't there for weight loss, but a lot of doctors are actually writing it for weight loss," Seymour said.

"Those things create a demand that is somewhat artificial."

Seymour said he hasn’t been able to keep up with the demand of Ozempic after the drug made headlines for its use among celebrities and influencers for weight loss.

The FDA has yet to approve the diabetes drug for weight loss, but that hasn’t stopped physicians and patients from using it off label.

In a statement to Fox News, Novo Nordisk, the maker of Ozempic, told Fox News the company does not "promote, suggest, or encourage" off-label use of its medicines.

The manufacturer also said it is ramping up production in an effort to meet demand and end the shortages in the next couple of months.

On the other side of this dilemma are people such as Tammi Largent, a Florida woman who has long relied on Ozempic to help manage her diabetes.

One patient with diabetes said she was put into a lottery at her pharmacy due to the limited supply of Ozempic.

"The importance of it is to try to maintain that balance, and bouncing around on the dosage with the Ozempic has caused some issues," Largent told Fox News.

"But to be able to get on my required dose and stay on it helps me stay healthy."

WEGOVY, OZEMPIC: THE BARRIERS TO ACCESSING THESE WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS

Largent said she was put into a lottery at her pharmacy due to the limited supply of Ozempic available.

"It’s not guaranteed that I’ll get the Ozempic again when it’s time for refill," she said.

Throttling of the supply

While Ozempic may soon be resupplied, the shortages of Adderall and its generic counterparts are expected to be in short supply more indefinitely. That's due to federal constraints on manufacturing and an explosion of ADHD diagnoses during the pandemic.

"I have written letters to the FDA and DEA really asking a lot of questions …"

"The impact that the DEA has on the supply chain is that they limit the manufacturing and the raw materials … for these manufacturers," Seymour said.

"In this situation, there’s just an issue with the throttling of the supply for an entire class of drugs."

With the supply of Adderall being limited by the Drug Enforcement Agency, federal players are increasingly looking to address the issue from the top down.

One such person is Rep. Abigail Spanberger, D-Va., who has been speaking to constituents about the toll the shortage is taking on their families.

These conversations have prompted her to take action.

OZEMPIC WARNING: DOCTORS URGE CAUTION FOR THOSE USING DIABETES DRUG FOR WEIGHT LOSS

"I have written letters to the FDA and DEA really asking a lot of questions about what it is that they’re seeing in terms of these shortages," Rep. Spanberger told Fox News.

"I think that they must be engaged and involved partners in understanding how these shortages could have occurred and ensuring that ultimately we don’t see them in the future."

Recently, a spokesperson for Rep. Spanberger’s office told Fox News that the congresswoman spoke with DEA Administrator Anne Milgram and had a productive conversation about efforts and plans to address the ADHD medicine shortages.

"Ultimately, the goal here is to recognize how these shortages could have happened so that we can put some efforts at resiliency, building resiliency in the supply chain," Rep. Spanberger said.

She has also reintroduced the PREPARE Act, which would create an emergency reserve of ingredients and reshore the production of essential drugs.

"The legislation would require us to develop a domestic supply and stockpile active pharmaceutical ingredients for those necessary essential medications as outlined by the FDA," she said.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER

The legislation would join growing bipartisan calls to return essential manufacturing and production to the United States following the COVID pandemic.

"We don't have that kind of ability to do the same thing in India or China or France or Germany or wherever these other places might be producing these," pharmacist Seymour said.

"So bringing it back domestically — I don't see a downside to that at all," he said. "I don't see that it would cause us any issue at all from a supply standpoint."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Though the drug shortages are many and their causes are myriad, one thing is for certain: Pharmacists, patients and lawmakers are going to continue to grapple with the issue for the foreseeable future.Millennials are seeking more professional help for health issues than ever, a new study revealed.

Conducted by United Healthcare and Health Action Council, the study explored factors and claims data from policyholders ages 27 to 42 — a total of 126,000 individuals. It compared current data from April 2021 through March 2022 to historical data dating back to 2012. The findings were presented in the groups' sixth annual white paper.

Millennials with common chronic medical conditions and their children are "high utilizers" of the health care system compared to Generation X, the research found.

OPIOID DRUGS CAUSE MORE THAN HALF OF YOUNG CHILDREN'S POISONING DEATHS: NEW STUDY

This includes 106% more hospital admissions for millennials with diabetes and 55% more emergency room (ER) and urgent care (UC) visits for hypertension.

Even though obesity rates for millennials are lower, there have been 31% more ER and UC visits and 29% more hospital admissions for those with obesity.

Millennials with back disorders have visited the ER and UC 22% more than Gen X, with 46% higher hospital admissions.

There have been 36% higher ER and UC visits for millennials with osteoarthritis.

POST-COVID, CHEST PAINS MAY LINGER FOR UP TO A YEAR, NEW STUDY FINDS

Behavioral health use is up 35% for millennials and their children compared to pre-pandemic levels.

This includes anxiety, depression and trauma disorders, which make up 66% of behavioral diagnoses for the generation.

In 2019, 31% of PTSD diagnoses were given to millennials. In 2022, that number increased to 38%.

Additionally, millennials and their children account for 41% of neurodevelopment disorder claims, according to the study.

The most common diagnoses include attention deficit disorder (ADD) at 43% and autism spectrum disorders at 35%.

KIDS AND OBESITY: NEW GUIDELINES RELEASED TO EVALUATE AND TREAT CHILDHOOD, ADOLESCENT WEIGHT ISSUES

As health care costs continue to rise, the top clinical cost driver for millennials is pregnancy.

These costs increase with complications such as fertility treatment, high-risk pregnancies, multiple births, C-section deliveries and extended hospital stays.

Millennial parents with Generation Alpha kids have a 38% higher health care utilization rate than those born in other generations.

This includes 22% higher ER visits, 9% higher UC visits and 76% higher outpatient surgeries.

DOCTORS URGE CAUTION ON DIABETES DRUGS FOR WEIGHT LOSS AFTER STUDY HIGHLIGHTS SIDE EFFECTS

Millennial parents of Gen Alpha kids also scheduled virtual health care visits a whopping 543% more than other generations.

Expert says millennials are ‘breaking stigmas’

Dr. Mykale Elbe, director of the MSN Nurse Practitioner Program and assistant professor of nursing at Maryville University in Town and Country, Missouri, told Fox News Digital that she’s "not surprised by these findings." She was not involved with the study.

Behavioral health utilization is up 35% for millennials and their children compared to pre-pandemic levels.

In terms of mental health, Elbe pointed out that millennials and younger generations are "breaking down the stigma," which is leading to more symptom awareness and sought-after help from health care providers.

"Since the pandemic, health care providers in all settings have seen a surge in patients having mental health disorders and seeking help," she said.

She added that she hopes "this surge will decrease as we move toward the post-pandemic period, but that has yet to be seen."

Elbe attributed the rise in health care utilization to the recent arrival of accessible medical facilities, such as urgent care, in the last decade.

"This makes health care available at the public's fingertips for anything from a sore throat and lacerations to more serious concerns," she said.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER

"With the pandemic and [with] everyone being on heightened alert for any upper respiratory symptoms, we continue to see a surge of health care utilization for minor disorders, as we have now trained the public that if you have a cough, you need to be tested for COVID," Elbe added.

In her experience of working in pediatrics, Elbe said she’s seen more parents bringing in their kids for viral upper respiratory infections than pre-pandemic.

"We have now trained the public that if you have a cough, you need to be tested for COVID."

"With new health care formats being available with urgent care and convenient care clinics, we see patients utilizing health care and being more proactive in seeking care on a regular basis," she said.

Elbe expressed shock at the major increase in diabetes hospital admissions, though it does match up with other millennial health care utilizations.

"While their cost for diabetes care is higher, the control of their diabetes is better than older populations," she said. "That does make sense, as they are younger, generally healthier and more active than their older counterparts with diabetes."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Overall, Elbe said she’s concerned about the amount of health care utilization and cost among millennials, as well as the issue surrounding provider shortages.

"With this shortage, we are seeing longer wait times for patients to be seen by health care providers," she said.The Maryland State Police's medical director resigned last week after a state board charged that he was involved with an unlicensed, felon-run erectile dysfunction clinic accused of causing at least one penile injury.

Dr. Donald William Alves stepped down March 3 ahead of his appearance before a disciplinary committee, which could result in his medical license being revoked, the Baltimore Sun reported. The Maryland Board of Physicians charged Alves in December with unprofessional conduct and practicing medicine with an unauthorized person at a clinic plagued by scam allegations.

WATCH MORE FOX NEWS DIGITAL ORIGINALS HERE

The Guy’s Clinic advertised that its doctors would provide a treatment plan that would "safely awaken your sex life in just one visit," according to the charging documents.

Alves told state investigators the clinic "fills an itch between the little blue pill, when the oral agents aren’t working, and for individuals who aren’t ready to get surgical procedures done. So it provides them with injection therapy."

The Guy’s Clinic in Baltimore County, Maryland, began employing Alves in 2016, paying him $250 per week to supervise a a physician's assistant, according to the Board of Physicians. Alves initially told investigators he was unaware that the Clinic presented him as its medical director but later conceded that he'd maintained business ties to the entity.

ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION DRUG 'MIX UP' WITH DEPRESSION MEDICATION CAUSES NATIONWIDE PRODUCT RECALL

Under a delegation agreement, the physician's assistant gave clients injections without permission from Alves or approval from the Board of Physicians, according to the charging documents.

The clinic's owner, who is not licensed to practice medicine, wrote "guidelines" for the clinic, according to the board. These included an instruction that "every patient" receives penis injections consisting of "mostly non-FDA approved" drugs that dilate blood vessels and "cause the patients to obtain immediate erections."

The Maryland Office of Controlled Substances Administration visited the clinic in 2021 and found that staff administered erectile dysfunction prescription medicines without a permit, including higher-than-recommended injection doses, the Board of Physicians charged.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

One patient told the Maryland Board of Physicians in 2020 that he was hospitalized for a five-day-long erection following an injection at the clinic, according to the charging documents. The patient added that a medical specialist told him he would "likely require a penile prosthesis due to the development of fibrosis" during the sustained erection.

The Maryland Board of Physicians received three complaints about the clinic between September 2020 and January 2021, the Board of Physicians wrote. One stated that patients who visited the clinic were not seen by medical doctors, while another said their insurance company described the business as a "scam organization."

The Securities and Exchange Commission in 2018 described Guy's Clinic owner Mark Thomas Johnson as a "recidivist violator of the federal securities law," the Baltimore Banner reported. Johnson was convicted of securities fraud and conspiracy to commit securities fraud in 2010 and faced additional SEC action in 2018 for allegedly orchestrating a scheme that defrauded $5 million from roughly 50 investors.

A Maryland State Police spokesperson confirmed Alves' resignation to Fox News but declined to comment further since the issue "is being handled by the Maryland Board of Physicians in reference to his secondary employment."Children who contract lower respiratory tract infection (LRTI) at two years of age or younger could be more likely to die prematurely from that same condition as adults, a new study has found.

These types of infections were linked to one-fifth of the deaths.

The new study was conducted by a group of London researchers and led by Dr. James Peter Allinson of the National Heart and Lung Institute at Imperial College London. It was published in The Lancet this week.

It analyzed data from the Medical Research Council National Survey of Health and Development, which followed 3,589 participants in England, Scotland and Wales all born in March 1946.

BE WELL: QUIT SMOKING (OR ENCOURAGE SOMEONE ELSE TO KICK THE HABIT)

LRTIs are infections that impact the airway, including bronchitis, bronchiolitis, influenza and pneumonia.

Researchers identified the individuals who developed LRTI before their second birthday — based on reports from parents or guardians — then looked at public health records to determine which ones died from respiratory disease between the ages of 26 to 73.

Participants were also contacted 25 times during the eight-decade study.

After adjusting for socioeconomic position, gender, smoking habits , household overcrowding, birthweight and other factors, researchers found that participants who developed an LRTI as a young child were 93% more likely to die from respiratory disease by the age of 73.

Dr. Purvi Parikh, a New York-based allergist and immunologist with Allergy & Asthma Associates, was not involved in the study but said she was not surprised by the findings.

FLORIDA DOCTOR ISSUES VIRAL BBQ GRILL BRUSH WARNING ON TIKTOK AFTER CHILD'S VISIT TO HER EMERGENCY ROOM

"We already have data that respiratory viruses early in life can sensitize airways and predispose babies to developing asthma and COPD when they are older," she told Fox News Digital in an email.

Before age 2, she said, the lungs are still developing, as is the immune system.

"Damage to the lungs and airways during this time frame can have lasting effects on the lung tissue, including scarring and inflammation, and can also impact the immune system," she said.

The most common cause of respiratory-related death was chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), followed by acute lower respiratory tract infection, interstitial lung disease, bronchiectasis, respiratory disease due to external agents and other respiratory disease, the findings said.

Young children who developed a lower respiratory infection were 93% more likely to die from that disease before age 73, said the study.

The researchers wrote that infection during childhood could result in impaired lung function during the adult years — leading to a higher likelihood of respiratory disease.

Study had some limitations

The study authors admitted that, like all population survival studies, this one had some limitations and built-in bias.

"Although we adjusted for important socioeconomic factors and smoking, some adverse exposures remained unrecognized, and therefore unrecorded, in the 1940s," they wrote.

"Prospective investigation of unrecorded factors, including parental smoking and prematurity, awaits the maturation of subsequently initiated studies."

Lead author Dr. James Allinson pointed out that when the study began, there were likely more inequalities in health care among a generation that has now reached older adulthood.

"During their lifetime, average living conditions and health care in high-income countries (such as the U.S. and U.K.) has markedly improved," he said. "Therefore, children born today in these countries may be on course to develop better adult health."

However, Dr. Allinson added that there are still instances of inequity and poverty, even within high-income countries.

"Our data are likely very relevant to children born in many lower- and middle-income countries," he said.

Opportunity to break the cycle

Dr. Allison said current preventative measures for adult respiratory disease mainly focus on adult lifestyle risk factors, such as smoking.

"Linking one in five adult respiratory deaths to common infections many decades earlier in childhood shows the need to target the risk well before adulthood," he told Fox News Digital in an email.

"To prevent the perpetuation of existing adult health inequalities, we need to optimize childhood health," the doctor went on.

"Showing the early life origins of adult chronic diseases also helps challenge the smoking-related stigma attached to death from diseases such as COPD."

CORONAVIRUS SURVIVORS' LUNGS WORSE THAN THOSE OF A SMOKER, SURGEON SAYS

Ultimately, Dr. Parikh said the study highlights the importance of the early developmental years in determining lifelong health. She recommends preventing lower respiratory tract infections by administering vaccines during early infancy.

"An RSV vaccine may soon be approved that an expectant mother could take during the third trimester to prevent this virus from causing severe disease in the newborn," she said.

(Pfizer anticipates getting approval to roll out its RSV vaccine in the U.S. and Europe in the fall, Reuters reported on Thursday.)

In the meantime, Dr. Parikh stressed the importance of vaccination for young children against pneumonia, influenza, COVID and pertussis to help prevent infectious diseases.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR HEALTH NEWSLETTER

Lead author Dr. Allinson also stressed the need for governments to tackle factors that endanger childhood respiratory health, including childhood exposure to pollution or cigarette smoke, poor quality housing, poor nutrition and inadequate health care provision.

"Many of these factors are closely connected to social disadvantage and poverty," he said.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

While minor respiratory infections are common in childhood, the doctor warned that chronic or recurrent symptoms may indicate underlying health problems, such as asthma — which should be diagnosed and treated appropriately.