Oscars quiz! How well do you know the facts about the Academy Awards? Test yourself! Try your hand at these fun quiz questions focused on the Oscars — see how well you do!



In which of these years did the first Academy Awards ceremony occur?

Which two actresses tied for Best Lead Actress in 1969 with 3,030 votes each from the Academy?

Katharine Hepburn has the most Academy Award wins of any actor or actress, with 4 Best Actress Oscars — true or false?

Actor Peter O’Toole was nominated for 8 Academy Awards yet never won a competitive Oscar — true or false?

Legendary comedian and actor Bob Hope hosted how many Oscar ceremonies in all?

Which of these films did NOT win all five of the major Oscar awards — Best Picture, Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Director and Best Screenplay?

James Cameron’s "Titanic" (1997) was nominated for 14 Oscars and was undefeated at the 1997 Academy Awards — true or false?

Which of these actresses did NOT win an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in her film debut?

Who is the only actor to win two consecutive awards for Best Supporting Actor?

James Dean was nominated for two posthumous Academy Awards for "East of Eden" and "Giant" — true or false?

How much does the Oscar statuette, officially named an "Academy Award of Merit," weigh?

Academy Award winners may not sell or dispose of the Oscar statuette, nor permit it to be sold or disposed of, without first offering to sell it to the Academy for the sum of $1 — true or false?

In which year was the Academy Awards first televised?

The only two sequels to have won an Oscar for Best Picture are "The Godfather: Part II" (1974) and "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King" (2003) — true or false?

Of these four actresses, which is the only Oscar winner to come from Academy Award-winning parents?

Try again!

Ouch!

You've got some work to do!

You're almost a genius!A debate over matching restaurant orders — and whether this is acceptable or not — started after President Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden both ordered the same rigatoni dish during a recent night out at The Red Hen, a restaurant in Washington, D.C.

The Bidens' matching orders provoked strong reactions from people on social media, with one person tweeting, "I have honestly never heard of a couple — married or otherwise — who order the EXACT same [meal] at a restaurant."

Etiquette experts note that while it's perfectly fine to order the same meal as a date does when eating out, there are certain meals that people should reconsider ordering to avoid potential awkwardness.

PRESIDENT BIDEN, FIRST LADY'S RESTAURANT ORDER SPARKS STRONG REACTIONS

"Most of the time, partners who know one another extremely well will often order different entrées, so they can try a little bit of both," longtime etiquette expert Jacqueline Whitmore of Palm Beach, Florida, told Fox News Digital via email.

Whitmore is founder of The Protocol School of Palm Beach and the author of the book, "Business Class: Etiquette Essentials for Success at Work."

She continued, "But it is not a faux pas to order the same meal as your partner if you like the same thing."

FLORIDA-BASED ETIQUETTE EXPERT REVEALS 40 GREAT TIPS FOR A BETTER LIFE

She added, "If you are on a date and your dining partner wants to order the same thing, so be it. It’s not a big deal."

"Don't gnaw on the bone!"

Ordering the same meal could even provide an opportunity for a laugh, she also indicated.

"You might even make light of it and say, ‘I’m so glad we share the same taste in food!’" Whitmore said.

She added that while there is "no etiquette rule that states one side should defer to the other," sometimes societal norms do come into play in situations in which both parties want the same thing.

"In a social setting, a man may want to defer to a woman, as a courtesy," said Whitmore.

ARE YOUR TABLE MANNERS UP TO SNUFF? ETIQUETTE EXPERT CALLS OUT 12 TACKY HABITS

"In business, the host should always defer to his or her guest."

That said, there are foods that a person on a date should avoid ordering, to bypass a potentially awkward situation.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER

Etiquette states that people should avoid ordering "difficult-to-eat foods," such as shellfish and "big, bulky sandwiches," said Whitmore.

Dishes with red sauces and "big bones" should also be avoided while out on dates, said Whitmore.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Don't gnaw on the bone!" she added.Daylight Saving Time 2023 will start this weekend.

Millions of Americans are anticipating the national clock adjustment, which will go into effect on Sunday, March 13, and will end on Sunday, Nov. 5, 2023.

In preparation for the time shift, Fox News Digital looked into the history of Daylight Saving Time in the U.S.

DAYLIGHT SAVING TIME ENDS: ARE THERE HEALTH RISKS?

Here are 10 little-known facts about Daylight Saving Time.

1. Which two seasons are Daylight Saving Time clock adjustments done for?

2. When to expect clocks changes?

3. How did Daylight Saving Time get its start?

4. When did the U.S. implement Daylight Saving Time?

5. What is the Uniform Time Act of 1966?

6. How many countries observe Daylight Saving Time?

7. Which states and territories skip Daylight Saving Time?

8. Has there ever been another Daylight Saving Time?

9. How do Americans feel about Daylight Saving Time?

10. How many states want year-round Daylight Saving Time?

1. Which two seasons are Daylight Saving Time clock adjustments done for?

Daylight Saving Time clock adjustments are done in the third month and 11th month of a calendar year.

The first clock adjustment is done in March for spring, when Daylight Saving Time starts, and the second clock adjustment is done in November for fall, when Daylight Saving Time ends.

The spring Daylight Saving Time event adds an hour (AKA "spring forward"), so "there is one less hour in the day," while the fall Daylight Saving Time subtracts an hour, so "there is an extra hour in the day," according to the U.S. Department of Commerce’s National Institute of Standards and Technology.

2. When to expect clocks changes?

The two dates for Daylight Saving Time change each year because they are implemented on the second Sunday of March and the second Sunday of November.

Daylight Saving Time clock adjustments happen at 2 a.m. each time, according to the National Institute of Standards and Technology.

For spring Daylight Saving Time, clocks jump forward to 3 a.m. once it strikes 2 a.m. local time, which skips 2 a.m. altogether.

For fall Daylight Saving Time, the opposite happens, and clocks jump backward to 1 a.m. once it strikes 2 a.m. local time, so the hour is repeated before it moves in chronological order again.

BAD TICKER: DOES DAYLIGHT SAVING TIME CAUSE 'BIOLOGICAL CLOCK SHOCK' TO YOUR HEART?

3. How did Daylight Saving Time get its start?

The first instance of Daylight Saving Time happened in Germany on April 6, 1916, during World War I, according to the Textual Records Division of the U.S. National Archives and Records Administration.

In a blog post, the Textual Records Division reported that the German Bundesrat’s Federal Council passed an order that instructed citizens to change their clocks by adding "an hour of daylight to the day during the months of May through September."

4. When did the U.S. implement Daylight Saving Time?

Congress passed the Standard Time Act of 1918, according to a Daylight Saving Time article published by the U.S. House of Representatives' History, Art & Archives website.

The Standard Time Act of 1918 was the country’s first nationwide daylight-saving law.

"The act, which built off an earlier campaign by railroad companies to synchronize their schedules in North America, established five time zones across the continental United States and Alaska and, importantly, mandated that clocks be advanced one hour on the last Sunday in March and set back one hour on the last Sunday in October," the History, Art & Archives wrote in its report.

PERMANENT DAYLIGHT SAVING TIME MAY BE HARMFUL TO OUR HEALTH, EXPERTS SAY

5. What is the Uniform Time Act of 1966?

The Uniform Time Act of 1966 was signed into law on April 13, 1966, by President Lyndon B. Johnson, according to the U.S. House of Representatives' History, Art & Archives.

"Although the law would be amended several times in the coming decades, the Uniform Time Act of 1966 remains a major foundation of our system of timekeeping," the History, Art & Archives wrote.

6. How many countries observe Daylight Saving Time?

Only 71 countries observe Daylight Saving Time, according to Time and Date, a Norwegian-owned time zone and global clock website.

Daylight Saving Time is reportedly still used in eight countries in North America, two countries in South America, seven countries in Asia, two countries in Africa, three countries in Oceania (Australia and the Pacific Islands) and 49 countries in Europe.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

7. Which states and territories skip Daylight Saving Time?

Daylight Saving Time is not observed in Hawaii, Arizona (with an exception for the Navajo Nation), American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures – a nonpartisan organization made up of sitting state legislators in Washington, D.C.

8. Has there ever been another Daylight Saving Time?

In the U.S., Daylight Saving Time used to be observed in April and October, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures.

Daylight Saving Time was moved to November and March with the Energy Policy Act of 2005, which addressed energy production in the U.S.

FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS

9. How do Americans feel about Daylight Saving Time?

A Daylight Saving Time survey published in March 2022 by Monmouth University – a private college in West Long Branch, New Jersey – found that 61% of Americans would like to get rid of "the nation's twice-a-year time change."

The U.S. states that want year-round Daylight Saving Time - Pacific: Washington, Oregon, California and Nevada - Mountain: Idaho, Utah, Wyoming, Colorado and New Mexico - Central: Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, Illinois, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Mississippi, Tennessee and Alabama - Eastern: Ohio, Pennsylvania, Vermont, New Hampshire, Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, North Carolina, South Carolina and Florida

10. How many states want year-round Daylight Saving Time?

Between 2015 and 2019, 29 states have introduced legislation for year-round Daylight Saving Time, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation’s Bureau of Transportation Statistics.

The 29 states that would like to have Daylight Saving Time year-round are seeking to "abolish the twice-yearly switching of clocks," according to the transportation agency.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER

The Department of Transportation is the government agency that has the "authority" to change Daylight Saving Time and it’s "a power it has held since its foundation in 1966," the statistics bureau wrote.For many people, diabetes drugs are now the newest weight loss trend.

High-profile figures such as Elon Musk have used diabetes drugs to lose weight and results have proven the drugs are effective.

However, researchers now warn that the method could be linked to potentially deadly side effects.

A new study out of China reportedly reveals that weight loss drug Wegovy may increase the risk of digestive system obstruction — while diabetes drug Ozempic could trigger eating disorders.

OZEMPIC WARNING: DOCTORS URGE CAUTION FOR THOSE USING DIABETES DRUG FOR WEIGHT LOSS

Fox News medical contributor and NYU Langone internal medicine specialist Dr. Marc Siegel joined "Fox & Friends" on Tuesday to provide deeper context for the findings.

Although the studies were conducted on mice instead of humans — which most of the time "doesn’t translate," Siegel said — the findings still have medical professionals on alert.

He mapped out exactly how these drugs increase insulin, as well as how they signal the brain and body to feel more full.

The drugs act on the intestines — which raises a question about long-term side effects after prolonged usage, he noted.

"[The drugs] might cause the small intestine to enlarge," he said.

OZEMPIC DIABETES DRUG IS TRENDING AS A WEIGHT-LOSS METHOD — HERE'S WHY AND WHAT DOCTORS SAY

"If it does that, I as a physician prescribing it would have to look at what [the patient's] underlying history is, and how long am I keeping [the patient] on this drug," he noted.

Dr. Siegel confirmed there is no doubt that people can lose weight using these diabetes drugs.

"The drug works," he said. "Ozempic was studied in the New England Journal of Medicine … and [researchers] found that you took 15% of your weight off in one year. It works."

However, some people who are taking the drug "don’t need it," he said.

KIDS AND OBESITY: NEW GUIDELINES RELEASED TO EVALUATE AND TREAT CHILDHOOD, ADOLESCENT WEIGHT ISSUES

A person's lifestyle needs to be considered for a healthy approach to weight loss, he added.

"Are you exercising enough? Are you too sedentary? What is your exact diet?"

Anyone interested in taking a diabetes drug for weight loss should question any physician prescribing it to make sure the doctor has expertise in this area, Siegel said.

As Weight Watchers moves into the Ozempic market, Dr. Siegel said prescribing the drug via telemedicine is a "bad idea."

"I like Weight Watchers a lot, but telemedicine is not the way to prescribe these drugs," he said.

OZEMPIC DIABETES DRUG FACES SHORTAGE AFTER ENDORSEMENTS BY CELEBS

"They’re already vastly overprescribed, and they’re already cutting into the diabetes market where we need it the most."

The overall message from these new study findings is to "be cautious," Dr. Siegel stressed.

"Let’s let doctors handle this slowly over time," he also said.

Another problem with diabetes drugs used for weight loss is the potential for "rebound" weight gain once a patient is taken off the medication, said Dr. Siegel.

"I don’t want to commit people to years and years and years of a drug that I don’t know all the potential side effects about," he said. "I’d rather use it short-term if I can."

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER

Novo Nordisk, the maker of Ozempic, sent a statement to "Fox & Friends" on Tuesday in response to the issue of potential side effects.

"Gastrointestinal side effects are well-known," the spokesperson said. "The majority are of mild to moderate severity and of short duration."

The statement continued, "Patient safety is of utmost importance to Novo Nordisk and we are continuously collecting safety data and collaborating closely with authorities to ensure patient safety. Novo Nordisk evaluates that the benefit-risk profile … continues to remain favorable."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Dr. Siegel responded to the statement by saying it’s a "fair" response, and a study using mice shouldn’t be used to "change the paradigm."

He added, "I’m very comfortable with this drug, but I’m also very concerned that it’s overprescribed."A man in Mississippi is inspiring others with his near-400-pound weight loss transformation.

Nicholas Craft, 42, of Hattiesburg, Mississippi, weighed 649 pounds in June 2019, and now he’s down more than 365 pounds.

"I’ve been dealing with my weight since childhood," Craft told Fox News Digital on Thursday, March 9. "I was 300 pounds in high school,"

WOMAN LOSES NEARLY 100 POUNDS AND TRANSFORMS LIFE AS A MODEL, SCHOLAR

Craft said depression led him to overeat, and overeating made him withdraw from society, which contributed to his sedentary lifestyle.

"My weight stopped me from going to family events and traveling," he recalled. "I couldn’t get into regular vehicles. It was hard for me to get around. I had knee pain, body aches and shortness of breath."

In 2019, a doctor reportedly told Craft that his weight was "a ticking time bomb" for his 5-foot-9 frame.

Craft said that comment made him realize he had to change his ways.

"I wanted to live longer," he said.

Craft told Fox News Digital he didn't go on a specialized weight loss diet. He simply switched the way he ate and how he approached food, which includes calorie counting and giving up junk food.

"My calorie intake was 1,200 to 1,500 calories per day when I first started," he said.

Craft said he's cut out sodas, fried foods, bread, pasta, rice and other carbs, and now he incorporates a lot of fruits, vegetables and protein.

In terms of exercise, Craft said he strength trains with dumbbells and moves around a lot throughout the day.

RUNNING 1 MILE A DAY IS GAINING POPULARITY ONLINE: HOW IT CAN IMPROVE YOUR HEALTH

Craft also credits his grandmother, Georgia Moody, for his weight loss success. He said he appreciates the encouragement and support she provided him before her death in 2019.

"My grandmother passed away before she was able to see my weight loss transformation," Craft said. "She wanted to see me more often. I promised her I would lose weight, so I could see her more."

Craft only wishes she could see him now.

"She would be so proud of me," Craft said. "She was my source of motivation."

Since making that promise, Craft experiences less physical pain, his breathing has improved, he has more energy, more confidence and he no longer has trouble fitting in different vehicles for travel, he said.

"I wanted to live longer." — Nicholas Craft

He said he doesn't feel tempted by "bad food" anymore and has his cravings under control.

"I haven’t reached my weight loss goal just yet," Craft said. "But, it feels good knowing my story can help people who may be struggling with their weight."

NORTH CAROLINA MAN, ONCE OBESE, INSPIRED BY NAVY SEAL TO QUIT DRINKING, GET FIT AND RADICALLY ALTER HIS LIFE

The native Mississippian has documented his weight loss journey on Facebook with before and after photos that show his progress.

Social media users who have come across Craft’s weight loss story on Facebook have commended him for his ambition and dedication.

"This goes WAY above a regular congratulations," one user wrote. "Outstanding work, young man, you are such an inspiration!!!"

"Keep up the good work and stay strong," another user commented.

Other Facebook users have praised Craft and his grandmother for making Craft’s weight loss goal a reality.

INCREASE IN LIPOSUCTION PROCEDURES LINKED TO ATHLEISURE WEAR TREND, STUDY CLAIMS

"Congratulations young man, your grandmother just gave you a second birth," one user wrote. "Enjoy your healthy life."

"Bless you Nicholas you’ve shown such love and respect to your grandmother and yourself," another user shared.

"You have to make lifestyle changes, like eating healthier, instead of shortcuts. [It’s also important to] stay active, even if it’s just a little bit, so long as you’re moving." — Nicholas Craft

Craft’s drastic weight loss story comes at a time when some Americans are attempting to shed pounds with semaglutide injections such as Wegovy and Ozempic, which is manufactured by Danish pharmaceutical Novo Nordisk.

Wegovy is a weight loss prescription while Ozempic is a diabetes prescription. Both brands have been used as fast-acting weight loss treatments by the masses after receiving celebrity endorsements.

Reports of Ozempic shortages began in December 2022 and the diabetes drug appears to still be in short supply due to high demand, which has created challenges for overweight and obese patients with a diabetes diagnosis.

DOCTORS URGE CAUTION ON DIABETES DRUGS FOR WEIGHT LOSS AFTER STUDY HIGHLIGHTS SIDE EFFECTS

Other noninvasive weight loss and toning procedures that have gained popularity in recent years include fat melting injections, fat freezing (cryolipolysis), fat warming (laser lipolysis) and targeted radiofrequency treatments (radiofrequency lipolysis), as noted by the American Society of Plastic Surgeons.

Invasive body contouring options include various forms of liposuction – the surgical removal of fat via suction device – while surgical weight loss options include various bariatric operations, including adjustable gastric banding, gastric balloons and gastric bypasses, according to the American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery and the American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery.

Craft told Fox News Digital he lost weight naturally and he didn't use any weight loss medicines or enhancement supplements or seek surgical means.

"You have to make lifestyle changes, like eating healthier, instead of shortcuts," Craft said. "[It’s also important to] stay active, even if it’s just a little bit, so long as you’re moving."

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER

The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services’ National Institutes of Health (NIH) reports that one-in-three American adults are overweight and more than two-in-five American adults are obese. About one-in-11 American adults are severely obese.

In terms of diet, the NIH recommends adults avoid foods with added sugar and high saturated fats and eat foods that are rich in vitamins and minerals, which includes vegetables, fruits, whole grains, beans, nuts, seeds, lean meat, seafood, eggs and milk.

The NIH also advises 75 to 300 minutes of physical activity for adults depending on the intensity level of their chosen activity. Recommended exercise times are determined by each person’s age, health condition and desired result.

FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS

Craft told Fox News Digital he no longer sees the doctor who called his weight "a ticking time bomb," but his new doctor is impressed by his progress.

"My current doctor says it’s unbelievable how much I’ve lost," Craft said.

After losing hundreds of pounds, the main challenge that Craft said he's facing now is loose skin and he's hoping he can find a doctor to surgically remove it because the excess tissue causes discomfort.

He said his health insurance has declined to cover the cost of skin removal surgery.

Multiple plastic surgeons on RealSelf, a healthcare marketplace focused on consumer aesthetic treatments, have noted that most insurance companies reject covering skin removal surgeries because they deem them a cosmetic procedure. Some exceptions may exist if a patient can prove their excess skin causes adverse health effects, such as painful rashes, but terms vary with each health insurance provider.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Craft said he's planning to lose more weight.

"My family and friends tell me they’re proud of how far I’ve come," Craft added. "My advice for anyone trying to lose weight, be consistent on your weight loss plan and trust the process."Tired of squeezing lemons with your hands?

Cookbook author and chef Kelly Senyei has a kitchen trick that gets fresh juice out of a halved lemon without a manual juice press or a fancy juicer machine.

Senyei, who lives in San Diego, California, uses kitchen shears to extract juice from citrus fruits.

'TOP CHEF' HOST PADMA LAKSHMI TESTS VIRAL PEACH-PITTING HACK FROM TIKTOK VIDEO: 'IT STILL WORKS'

She demonstrated the technique in a "5 surprising ways to use kitchen shears" video tutorial she recently uploaded to her TikTok and Instagram accounts, which are both named after her "Just a Taste" food blog.

Senyei’s lemon-squeezing trick was the second kitchen tip she mentioned in her 41-second video.

In her tutorial, Senyei successfully squeezes a halved lemon with the grooved metal nutcracker that’s built in the center of her chosen kitchen shear.

VIRAL JAR LID TRICK MAY HAVE YOU DITCHING JAR OPENER GADGETS: HOW TO DO IT

"Squeeze your citrus in between your shears," Senyei said in the clip. "You’ll get way more juice."

Senyei’s kitchen shear tutorial has received higher engagement on Instagram than TikTok with more than 29,400 people viewing the video.

MICROWAVE HACK SAYS WE'VE BEEN HEATING UP OUR FOOD ALL WRONG

Commenters have responded positively to Senyei’s post.

"Omg the [lemon] squeeze," one Instagram user wrote. "That could be life changing for me."

"Stop! Where have you been all my life?! Just the best tips!" another user commented.

TIKTOK HACK FOR DIY LAZY SUSAN MADE WITH HOUSEHOLD ITEMS PRAISED AS 'REVOLUTIONARY'

"Such a handy tool," one user exclaimed.

Several other Instagram users have responded to Senyei’s post by naming the ways they like to use kitchen shears, which include cutting pizza, raw meat and cooked chicken off the bone.

The four other tricks Senyei recommends for kitchen shears include using the tool’s blade for cutting food for children (for example, cooked spaghetti) and herbs or using the tool’s nutcracker for twisting hard-to-open jar lids and stuck wine corks.

GRANDMOTHER'S VIRAL DISHWASHER HACK CLAIMS TO SOLVE AN AGE-OLD PROBLEM

"These hacks I use daily in my kitchen, where I cook for my family of six," Senyei wrote in an email to Fox News Digital. "I need all the hacks I can get."

Senyei is a professionally trained chef and television host who earned a culinary arts diploma from The Institute of Culinary Education and a master’s degree in broadcast television from Columbia University, both in New York City.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

She started her Just a Taste blog in 2008 and has gone on to author two books, including "The Secret Ingredient Cookbook: 125 Family-Friendly Recipes with Surprisingly Tasty Twists" and "Food Blogging for Dummies."For the best spring break destinations, you might be looking for a getaway that includes bars, good food, sunshine, beaches and beach parties. It's a popular time for college students to leave the books at school and become one with surf and sand for a week of fun.

Although spring break is commonly associated with time off for college students, many families book travel plans during the same time for a vacation of their own.

When planning the perfect spring break trip, consider the beautiful destinations both inside and outside the United States. Based on your budget and interests, there is likely a sunny spot you can visit in the spring.

7 BEST SPRING BREAK DESTINATIONS IN THE US

Here are some of the top spring break vacation destinations.

Key West, Florida Daytona Beach, Florida Panama City, Florida New Orleans, Louisiana South Padre, Texas Las Vegas, Nevada Lake Havasu, Arizona Malmok Beach, Aruba Negril, Jamaica Barbados Saint Lucia Nassau, Bahamas

1. Key West, Florida

Key West is known for its mind-blowing sunsets, popping nightlife, historic sites and water sports. Popular places people regularly visit include Sloppy Joe’s, the Hemingway Home and Museum, where author Ernest Hemingway wrote much of his work, and Dry Tortugas National Park.

2. Daytona Beach, Florida

You can soak up the Florida sun in Daytona Beach, but if you're looking for a little adventure, Daytona Beach might be the place for you as well. Take a day trip to SeaWorld and Universal Studios in Orlando, Florida. Note that it takes a little over an hour to get from Daytona to Walt Disney World.

3. Panama City, Florida

Finally, the last of the Florida locations perfect for spring break is Panama City. It is a popular spot among spring breakers because of its beautiful beaches, bars and hard-to-beat weather.

4. New Orleans, Louisiana

If the beach is not really your vibe, no problem. If you are looking for something away from sandy beaches and ocean, New Orleans is a recommended spring break destination. While the city is well-known for Mardi Gras celebrations, it is a great spot to visit year round. Visit Pat O'Brien's and listen in on the classic jazz music filling the streets.

5. South Padre, Texas

Do spring break Texas style and head down to South Padre Island for a week. Enjoy the beautiful beaches and crowded club scene. UME - Ultimate Music Experience - is an Electronic Dance Concert located in South Padre.

10 MOST INTERESTING BEACHES IN THE WORLD

6. Las Vegas, Nevada

No matter the time of year, there is always a party going on in Las Vegas. If you love late nights, gambling and good parties, Vegas should be at the top of your spring break list.

Of course, Vegas has an over-abundance of casinos to visit that are open 24 hours a day. There are also numerous hotels that host pool parties all day long.

7. Lake Havasu, Arizona

While Arizona is a less popular spring break spot, it is not one to look past just yet. If you are hoping for heat, boat parties, breweries and distilleries, Lake Havasu, Arizona, is a great spot to visit.

8. Malmok Beach, Aruba

While visiting the most beautiful beaches may be on your bucket list, they may start to look and feel pretty similar after awhile. If you're looking for a beautiful beach with some history to enjoy, Aruba is a perfect spring break destination.

Malmok Beach in Aruba, site of the largest deliberate shipwreck in the Caribbean, attracts both history buffs and snorkelers and divers who love exploring the ship's remains in the clear waters. Visit Aruba and come home with both a suntan and historical stories.

9. Negril, Jamaica

Jamaica offers fun and adventurous activities from cliff jumping to sailing and more. There is also a very active nightlife scene in Jamaica to enjoy during vacation.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER

Stay at a resort or book a hotel on the water; either way, you'll experience stunning sunsets all around.

10. Barbados

Barbados is a beautiful destination that likely will not be flooded with college-aged students.

For a family-friendly getaway with a great bar and restaurant scene, Barbados is worth considering.

11. Saint Lucia

In Saint Lucia, you will find beautiful tropical weather, hot springs, mountains, volcanoes, fresh waterfalls, hiking and a peaceful nightlife,

During spring break, you can expect more mild temperatures before the heat of the summer comes rolling in.

12. Nassau, Bahamas

If you are flying from Florida, Nassau, Bahamas is just a little over an hour away by plane.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The location is known for its beaches, water activities like snorkeling and scuba diving, island culture and rich history.A recent family photo that shows six generations of women and a 98-year-old matriarch meeting her great-great-great-granddaughter for the first time in Kentucky has gone viral.

Seven-week-old Zhavia Whitaker met her great-great-great-grandmother, MaeDell Taylor Hawkins, at a nursing home residence in Kings Mountain, Kentucky, on Saturday, Feb. 18.

The pair were joined by MaeDell Hawkins' daughter, Frances Snow; her granddaughter, Gracie Snow Howell; her great-granddaughter Jacqueline Ledford; and her great-great-granddaughter Jaisline Wilson.

MOM OF 12 KIDS, PREGNANT FOR 16 YEARS IN A ROW, SHARES STRONG MESSAGE OF FAITH: 'CHILDREN ARE A BLESSING'

MaeDell Hawkins' granddaughter, Sheryl Blessing (not pictured) — the sister of Gracie Snow Howell — snapped the family photo.

Gracie Snow Howell shared the photo on her personal Facebook account nearly a week later.

"SIX (living) generations," she wrote on Friday, Feb. 24. "MaeDell, Frances, Gracie, Jacqueline, Jaisline, and Zhavia."

The photo has been shared by many other social media users on Facebook and Twitter.

In a phone interview with Fox News Digital on Monday, March 6, Howell said the family hadn’t intended to make an "all-female" trip out of their visit — but that’s what ended up happening.

LIVING TOGETHER: MORE PARENTS ARE MOVING IN WITH THEIR ADULT CHILDREN, SURVEY FINDS

Coordinating travel and schedules were a challenging part of the group’s visit since half of the women in the photo currently live out of state.

Snow, 77, is based in Fairborn, Ohio; Howell, 58, is based in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina; and Ledford, 39, is based in Anderson, South Carolina.

Wilson, 19, as well as Whitaker, are based in Somerset, Kentucky.

MaeDell Hawkins got to hold her great-great-great-granddaughter and catch up with her family. She was admitted to a nursing home after suffering a bad fall at home two years ago.

"We spent three hours with her that afternoon," Howell recalled to Fox News Digital. "We had a really good visit."

LONDON'S OLDEST WOMAN TURNS 108, SAYS COVID-19 IS 'NOTHING COMPARED TO WORLD WAR I'

MaeDell Hawkins was born and raised in the state of Kentucky.

She took on household responsibilities very early in her life when she married her first husband, Bill Taylor, in 1940.

"She was 16 when she married him. He was 50. That's a big difference," Howell told Fox News Digital.

"He already had 10 children. His wife died having twins at home. He worked on the railroad. He had to get back to work. He needed somebody to take care of the kids."

MaeDell Hawkins has 106 grandchildren, 222 great-grandchildren, 234 great-great-grandchildren and 37 great-great-great-grandchildren, as of this reporting.

So MaeDell Hawkins, at just age 16, stepped into the role of mother — and went on to have 13 children of her own.

Howell said MaeDell took care of the household without many of the "modern conveniences" people take for granted today, including running water, indoor toilets, electric stoves, washing machines, radiators and window insulation.

"She took care of everybody," Howell went on. "I've never heard my mom say anything about hearing her complain."

10 BABY NAMES THAT ARE 'DYING OUT' IN AMERICA: FROM MILDRED TO PAULINE

Howell said she believes MaeDell’s dedication and work ethic set a foundation for the rest of the women in her family.

"She would often say, ‘Hard work is what keeps you going,’" Howell recalled.

Interestingly, MaeDell Hawkins' descendants — Snow, Howell, Ledford and Wilson — all gave birth around the age of 19.

Howell told Fox News Digital that the family is not ashamed of their early marriages or their early starts at motherhood.

In the case of MaeDell Hawkins, Howell said, "a lot of women married real young then."

"Now we don't. We have children later in our life, so families are not that big," Howell continued.

"Having six generations is very, very rare to start with."

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER

Guinness World Records reports that the current world record for the family with the most living generations ever was reached in 1989 and was awarded to a New York family who had seven living generations.

The family of MaeDell Hawkins is planning a follow-up visit that will likely happen this summer — and they're hoping to bring more of her great-great-great-grandchildren to see her.

When tallying up Hawkins' biological and step-descendants, she is linked to 623 people, according to a family chart made by Janice Taylor, her daughter-in-law.

MaeDell Hawkins has 106 grandchildren, 222 great-grandchildren, 234 great-great-grandchildren and 37 great-great-great-grandchildren combined, as of this reporting.

She’s hoping to meet her third sixth-generation grandchild after his birth, according to Howell.

FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS

"If everything goes well, the baby's doing well, Grandma's doing well — we're all going to meet back in June and get another picture," Howell told Fox News Digital.

"We're hoping to get all three of the great-great-great grandchildren with her."

During the family’s recent visit, Howell said she was able to make MaeDell’s famous tomato preserves recipe and bring it to her in Kentucky.

"If anybody ever asked me what my favorite memory of Grandma is, it’s her tomato preserves. They were just the best," Howell recalled.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Grandma showed me what to do on a video chat and I got to take her some tomato preserves. It went full circle."

"I'm going to pass that recipe down," Howell continued. "Maybe one day Zhavia will make them."

MaeDell Hawkins' 99th birthday will be celebrated on Wed., July 19, 2023.You know us on screen — but what about off?

I thought it’d be fun to check in with some of your favorite Fox personalities (plus a few surprise appearances!) to learn more about who they are behind the scenes.

And who’s first on the docket? Hint: He’s rumored to have saved the world …

It’s none other than Jesse Watters. Hope you get a kick out of our Q&A below!

And stay tuned for more — I'll have a revealing new piece each week.

Q: Ideal weekend?

JW: At the beach with the family.

Q: One thing you couldn’t live without?

JW: My assistant, Johnny Belisario.

Q: Last time you were recognized?

JW: Five minutes ago. If someone asks me if I’m Jesse Watters, I say, "Why, does he owe you money?"

Q: Worst date you ever went on?

JW: Never had a bad date.

Q: What’s your secret for not worrying about the future? It’s very admirable.

JW: I don’t really have a secret. I just know that everything is going to be fine. Everything‘s always been fine and if it’s not, I’ll fix it.

Q Tell me about your skin care routine.

JW: I put moisturizer on and then something else in a little small bottle that I forget what the name of it is, but it’s great … and then I’ll go to the FaceGym sometimes.

Q: Who are your biggest heroes? Pick three.

JW: Mike Tyson, Michael Jordan, Michael Jackson. Two of them are still my heroes. I think you know what happened with the other one.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTERGen. Douglas MacArthur and his family left the Philippine island of Corregidor on this day in history, March 11, 1942.

President Franklin Delano Roosevelt ordered MacArthur to leave the island after it became clear it was no longer safe for MacArthur to remain with his troops, notes the History Channel website.

Deeply distraught, MacArthur had to leave 90,000 troops behind, the same site said.

ON THIS DAY IN HISTORY, MARCH 10, 1876, ALEXANDER GRAHAM BELL MAKES FIRST TELEPHONE CALL FROM BOSTON LAB

From 1935 until 1946, the Philippines was a commonwealth of the United States.

By mid-1941, it was believed Japan had set its sights on invading the Philippines.

On July 26, 1941, Roosevelt issued a presidential order "calling into service of the United States of America all the organized military forces of the Government of the Commonwealth of the Philippines," according to the website for the Filipino Veterans Recognition and Education Project (FilVetREP).

MacArthur, who had retired from the military four years before, was designated as the general in charge of the newly created United States Army Forces in the Far East.

However, the "task facing MacArthur seemed impossible," said the FilVetREP website.

The forces suffered from a lack of equipment and manpower, compared to the encroaching Japanese army.

By March of the following year, it was evident the Japanese would overpower the troops in the Philippines — and that MacArthur would have to leave.

ON THIS DAY IN HISTORY, SEPT. 15, 1950, US TROOPS LAND AT INCHON, TURNING THE TIDE OF THE KOREAN WAR

The journey to safety was treacherous.

During the more than 500-mile boat ride to the island of Mindanao, MacArthur faced mines, rough seas and the threat of the Japanese Navy, says the History Channel.

While in Australia, MacArthur received the devastating news the troops still in the Philippines would not be receiving relief.

When he arrived at Mindanao more than a day after departing from Corregidor, MacArthur praised the work of the boat's commander, John D. Bulkeley.

"You've taken me out of the jaws of death, and I won't forget it," said MacArthur.

Several days after arriving at Mindanao, MacArthur and his family flew to northern Australia. They then took another flight and a train to Melbourne, says the History Channel.

On June 30, 1942, in Melbourne, MacArthur was presented with the Medal of Honor for "conspicuous leadership in preparing the Philippine Islands to resist conquest, for gallantry and intrepidity above and beyond the call of duty in action against invading Japanese forces, and for the heroic conduct of defensive and offensive operations on the Bataan Peninsula," the Congressional Medal of Honor Society website indicated.

ON THIS DAY IN HISTORY, MARCH 9, 1959, BARBIE MAKES FASHIONABLE WORLD DEBUT AT NEW YORK TOY FAIR

"He mobilized, trained and led an army, which has received world acclaim for its gallant defense against a tremendous superiority of enemy forces in men and arms," said the same source.

"His utter disregard of personal danger under heavy fire and aerial bombardment, his calm judgment in each crisis, inspired his troops, galvanized the spirit of resistance of the Filipino people and confirmed the faith of the American people in their Armed Forces," the citation also said.

ON THIS DAY IN HISTORY, MARCH 8, 1999, YANKEES LEGEND JOE DIMAGGIO DIES, ‘CULTURAL ICON’ ON AND OFF FIELD

While in Australia, MacArthur received the devastating news that the troops still in the Philippines would not be receiving relief.

Speaking of the Philippines, MacArthur promised the press, "I shall return" — a phrase that would "become his mantra during the next two and a half years," the History Channel website noted.

The American and Filipino troops that were still in Corregidor were left without food or support — and their other supplies were quickly overtaken by the Japanese, that site notes.

"Bataan fell in April, and the 70,000 American and Filipino soldiers captured there were forced to undertake a death march in which at least 7,000 perished," said the website.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER

Corregidor surrendered in May, with an additional 15,000 American and Filipino troops captured.

With the war in Europe taking up most of the resources, the Philippines were not a priority at the time.

On Oct. 20, 1944, MacArthur made good on his promise to return to the Philippines, coming ashore on the island of Leyte and later making a radio broadcast announcing to the country that he had returned.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Only about 30,000 of the 90,000 troops left in the Philippines on March 11, 1942, lived to see MacArthur's return in 1944, said the History Channel.

"I’m a little late," he told the troops, "but we finally came."A funny-faced Husky named Harvey — who some people called "ugly" — was adopted last month by a family who drove 2,600 miles roundtrip over six days to pick him up.

When he arrived "thin and dirty" and with a "facial deformity" at the San Diego Department of Animal Services shelter in Carlsbad, California, last September, Harvey was named after the DC Comics character Harvey Dent or "Two Face" – one of Batman’s arch nemeses.

"He has a crooked smile," Joy Ollinger, 44, a lieutenant with the San Diego Department of Animal Services, told Fox News Digital.

KANSAS FAMILY DOG, MISSING FOR 8 YEARS, IS FOUND 1,000 MILES AWAY FORM HOME IN IDAHO: ‘WOW MOMENT’

"Our vets examined him and they think his facial deformity is possibly from being bitten when he was a very young puppy. He doesn’t know any different and it doesn’t bother him."

It did however seem to bother potential adopters, Ollinger said.

"People would walk by him and just not even give him a second look," Ollinger told Fox News Digital.

"I actually heard people saying he was ugly because of his facial deformity. And then the whole time he was there, no one requested to take him out for an interaction or possible adoption. Not once in the whole time."

The shelter houses about 110 dogs at a time, Ollinger said.

AFTER 14 FAILED ADOPTIONS, NORTH CAROLINA PUP WITH ‘UNLUCKY’ HISTORY GOES VIRAL, FINALLY FINDS A HOME

"People would walk by him and just not even give him a second look." — Joy Ollinger

"We get so many people walking through, and it just made us sad because we love Harvey," Ollinger said. "We saw how much he had to offer."

Ollinger began bringing Harvey, who she estimated to be almost two years old, into her office to get to know him better.

"He's very sweet and he's quiet and he's smart," Ollinger said. "He seeks attention and he would lay by my feet. He was always very interested in everything I was doing. When I was typing, he would get his front paw up and look at the keyboard."

Ollinger created a Facebook post describing Harvey’s personality and why someone should give him a chance.

"Harvey is a quiet and mellow husky who gets along with other dogs and loves treats," she wrote in the post.

VAN GOGH, THE ONE-EARED DOG WHO ‘PAINTS’ TO END PET HOMELESSNESS GET $10K BID ON ‘STARRY NIGHT’ AT AUCTION

"Harvey has a facial deformity that doesn't bother him but gives him a crooked smile. I think it makes him even more endearing."

Sherry Lankston, 41, of Woodinville, Washington, was immediately smitten — and responded to the post from more than 1,000 miles away.

"I wasn’t actively looking for a new fur baby, but this guy’s sweet face has me swooning," she commented on the post.

"The first time I saw Harvey's goofy smile, I was like, ‘Oh my gosh, that's the cutest dog ever," Lankston told Fox News Digital.

"I joked with my husband that I had found our second dog. We’d been talking about getting a second dog for a while. River, our first dog, loves other dogs and needs a friend. So we're talking about it, but nothing ever really clicked."

MICHIGAN K-9'S MUGSHOT GOES VIRAL AFTER POLICE ACCUSE PUP OF STEALING OFFICER'S LUNCH

After more consideration, Lankston said she knew Harvey was the one.

"I saw his goofiness and I thought ‘I found our dog,’" Lankston said. "He was so wonky and adorable."

Within three days, Lankston had packed up her kids – Harrison, 7, and Fionnlagh, 4, – and headed to Carlsbad. The drive there took more than 20 hours.

"So [Lankston] reached out to me one evening, packed her car the next day and then was off the following day," Ollinger said.

"And then it took her, I think, three days to drive down," Ollinger added.

DOG GOES VIRAL AFTER TIKTOK VIDEO SHOWS IT'S OVERLOOKED AT NY ADOPTION EVENT

When the Lankstons were first introduced to Harvey, it was love at first sight, Ollinger said.

"It was so cute," Ollinger said. "He immediately took to her and her kids. Sherry brought her dog, River, all the way down too. Harvey and River just hit it off as well."

Harvey was shy and reserved at first, Lankston said.

DOG IN DANGER REUNITED WITH US SOLDIER FOR FIRST TIME SINCE THEY BONDED OVERSEAS: ‘MAGICAL MOMENT’

"He passed the first test — or we passed the first test, I guess," Lankston laughed. "The next one was bringing in our dog River. She’s a shelter dog as well and so, she's got baggage, but honestly they did great. They did a couple sniffs here and there, and then she's like, ‘OK cool.’"

Then Sherry’s husband, Robert, flew down the following day to meet Harvey — and suddenly Harvey had met the whole family.

"Harvey just walked up to her husband and leaned against his legs," Ollinger said. "It was precious."

The next morning, the Lankstons picked up Harvey and began the long road trip home. Ollinger said watching Harvey drive away was bittersweet.

"I would've been sad, but Sherry [Lankston] and I have become friends and we've been texting each other pretty much every day," Ollinger said.

7-YEAR-OLD BOY PENS SWEET LETTERS FOR FUTURE ADOPTERS OF FOSTER DOG

"It's been great," Ollinger added. "She sends me photos and videos of Harvey all the time."

Lankston said that on the drive home, she learned more about how Harvey was rescued when a woman who had been monitoring Ollinger's Facebook post reached out to her.

"She explained that they were riding ATVs in the desert when they spotted Harvey and two female dogs under a bush," Lankston said.

"We were able to get him to follow us with the two girls for miles back to our car," the woman wrote to Lankston.

CHICAGO DOG GOES VIRAL ON TIKTOK AFTER OWVER HAS PUP'S FUR DYED GREEN TO RESEMBLE GRINCH

"He saved the other two girl Huskies’ lives. The girls were very afraid of ATVs, but he helped them and wouldn't leave them behind. We had no leashes or anything, and [were] in the middle of nowhere and he helped them so much. He’s the only reason they were alive."

The group took them back to their camp, Lankston said, and fed them chicken hamburger patties and strawberries.

"I think they were pretty happy with their first meal," the woman, who asked to remain anonymous, wrote to Lankston.

Since he’s been home, Lankston said Harvey is thriving.

"Having him here is great," Lankston said. "He's playing with the kids, he's playing with us. It took River a day or two to really kind of settle in and realize that he's not just visiting. He is here forever."

DOG QUIZ! HOW WELL DO YOU KNOW YOUR FACTS ABOUT CANINES?

Harvey is gradually meeting the other members of the Lankston family: four cats named Angel, Nimitz, Mak and Momo and a snail named Gary who will be released when spring arrives in Washington, Lankston said.

Ollinger said she hopes Harvey’s story will encourage people not to judge a dog by its flaws.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER

"Give them a chance. It's easy to fall in love with the cutest puppy or the cutest kitten, but they all need homes, so just give them all a shot," Ollinger said.After a man got stranded alone in Oregon's snowy tundra, he found a unique way to call for help by managing to attach his iPhone to his drone in order to send for help.

According to the Lane County Sheriff’s Office, the driver attempted to traverse a remote road in the U.S. Forest Service - Willamette National Forest that is not maintained for winter travel.

After his vehicle got stuck in the snowy terrain, he realized he did not have cell phone service — and his family was out of the country, making the situation worse.

"Nobody knew where he had gone or to call for help if he didn’t make it home," the sheriff’s office said in a Facebook post.

Despite darkness growing near, the man made a few "smart decisions" that may have been lifesaving. Authorities commended the driver for staying with his vehicle and finding a resourceful way to call for help.

"Rarely does anyone in Oregon die from exposure waiting in their vehicle to be found and rescued," authorities wrote. "But we have unfortunately seen many poor outcomes from those who chose to walk away."

CHICAGO FIRE DEPARTMENT CALLS FOR MASS CASUALTY BUS AFTER EXPLOSION AT RESIDENTIAL BUILDING

The motorist eventually attached his phone to his drone, typed out a text message to his friend explaining his situation and launched it several hundred feet into the air. Due to the increased elevation, his phone was able to connect to a tower and send the message.

"The increased elevation allowed his phone to connect to a tower and send the message, which resulted in our teams being deployed and assisting him out of his situation." police shared.

CALIFORNIA COLD CASE CRACKED WITH DNA FROM ‘UNPROVABLE’ RAPE CASE: PROSECUTORS

As first responders assisted the man, they found another traveler who had been stranded "in the snow for multiple days."

While authorities are happy with the outcome and "impressed" with the man's creativity, they shared tips on how to avoid his situation altogether.

The Lane County Sheriff's Office warned motorists to not go on snow or ice-covered forest roads, as they are not maintained for winter travel. Authorities also recommended telling a "responsible person" your whereabouts.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Always tell a responsible person EXACTLY where you are going, and when you expect to be back." the sheriff's office warned. "Do not deviate from this plan."Reddit users supported a man who said he walks out of the kitchen every time his culinary-challenged wife attempts to "help" him cook.

"I love my wife very much. She is a smart and capable woman who leaves me in the dust in most categories," wrote Reddit user "Queasy-Government-81" in a March 6 post in Reddit's "Am I the A-----e" (AITA) subreddit.

The man asked others if he was wrong "for walking out of the kitchen and going to play video games whenever my wife tries to help me prepare food."

REDDIT USERS SIDE WITH WOMAN WHO LEFT A WEDDING TO GO GET MCDONALD'S: 'REALLY UPSET'

The original Reddit poster explained that his wife "cannot cook. At all."

She even managed to burn water once while making rice, he claimed, nearly causing a grease fire.

"She can follow instructions on microwave[d] food. She can use the microwave to reheat leftovers. That's about it," wrote the man. "Her mom and dad gave up trying to teach her."

Conversely, the man told others he "loves cooking," he said, and enjoys "making tasty meals from scratch."

Unfortunately, the man's wife often attempts to "help" in the kitchen, he said, to disastrous results.

"One of my go-to meals is fried chicken thighs and waffles. I use my dad's waffle recipe and they come out light and crispy. Perfect," he said.

REDDIT USERS DEFEND MAN WHO SERVES A LOWER-GRADE STEAK TO HIS IN-LAWS (HIS WIFE HAS A BEEF WITH IT)

On Sunday, the Redditor said he was making chicken and waffles for breakfast for his wife and kids, saying it was "a good morning."

"My wife decided to ‘help’ and covered the waffles in foil so they stayed warm," he wrote. "They did. They also steamed and got soft."

After the waffle debacle, the man said he "finished making myself a waffle and served my food and left the kitchen," he wrote.

"She can finish [the rest of the food] off," he wrote.

This was not just a one-time occurrence, the man indicated.

FDA PROPOSES PLANT-BASED, DAIRY-FREE MILK CAN BE CALLED 'MILK' AND ASKS FOR PUBLIC FEEDBACK

"I will be making steaks, and I'm resting them, and she throws them back on the grill to keep [them] warm," he wrote. "I'll have the chicken fully cooked and tender, and she will turn up the heat and dry it out ‘just to make sure.’"

"I am sure," said Queasy-Government-81.

After the chicken and waffles incident, the man wrote that his wife "came up to me for the 50th time" and asked why he always leaves when she "tries to help."

"I explained … that I enjoy making good food," he said. "And that her help is almost universally detrimental to the meal I'm trying to make."

This, however, did not go over well. The man said his wife said he was being a jerk "for caring so much about how food feels and tastes."

He said, "I think she can do whatever she wants on the days that it is her turn to cook."

Fox News Digital reached out to the original Reddit poster for comment.

MICROWAVE HACK SAYS WE'VE BEEN HEATING UP OUR FOOD ALL WRONG

A Pittsburgh-based psychologist said that Queasy-Government-81 and his wife should work on improving their communications.

"The wife may not understand why her husband is so resistant to her assistance, as she seems to be coming from a place of wanting to help," Dr. Natalie Bernstein of Pennsylvania told Fox News Digital.

At the same time, "The husband is not wrong for wanting to eat his food the way he desires." she said.

The Reddit poster could say something like, "Cooking is important to me and I have a process that I enjoy. If you would like to help, perhaps you could set the table or just keep me company," she advised.

Another top commenter pointed out that the wife was not trying to help — but rather to interfere with the cooking process.

Or even, "I prefer to cook my food a certain way. I am happy to cook for you, but if you would like to cook things your way, you are more than welcome," she said.

The husband's leaving the kitchen "can feel like rejection or anger — and be confusing, if not explained," she said.

REDDIT POSTER SAYS RECENT 'STRUGGLES' PROMPTED DAD TO SAY 'LOVE YOU' MORE — IT 'MEANS SO MUCH'

On the AITA subreddit, people on Reddit can reply to posts and indicate the poster is "NTA" ("Not the A-----e"), "YTA" ("You're the A-----e"), "NAH" ("No A-----e Here") or "ESH" ("Everyone Sucks Here").

Users can "upvote" responses they think are helpful and "downvote" ones that are not.

The majority of Reddit users on AITA concurred that the husband was not in the wrong.

"How many times should you have to explain that food is meant to be a certain way," wrote Reddit user "Environmental_Fee409" in the top-upvoted reply.

FLORIDA DOCTOR ISSUES VIRAL BBQ GRILL BRUSH WARNING ON TIKTOK AFTER CHILD'S VISIT TO HER EMERGENCY ROOM

"I think she would drive me crazy," this same commenter added.

Another top commenter pointed out that the wife was not trying to help, but rather to interfere with the cooking process.

"If she actually, legitimately wanted to be of help, then she would come into the kitchen when you're cooking and say, ‘How can I help?’ and listen to your responses, and follow through," wrote Reddit user "FoolMe1ceShameOnU."

"But she doesn't want to be helpful, she wants to control some aspect of what you're doing," the commenter continued.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER

"So she interferes with your process. Every. Single. Time. Even if it literally means making the food significantly less tasty."

The excuse given by Queasy-Government-81's wife that it should not matter how food tastes is "about as illogical as it gets," wrote FoolMe1ceShameOnU.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Gently, I would suggest that your wife needs therapy, to figure out why she can't just ask you how she can be helpful, but rather needs to actively interfere anytime you try to cook," said the same commenter, suggesting that perhaps jealousy or control issues are at play.

"Something is going on here," wrote FoolMe1ceShameOnU.A Toronto woman who is blind said a recent flight with Air Canada left her feeling like an "unwanted burden."

Georgia Pike, a graduate student at York University in Toronto, said her experience had her entangled in "a system that discriminates against people with disabilities," according to Canada’s CBC News website.

She wasn’t the only one treated like a second-class citizen by the airline, she claimed — people who use wheelchairs were also allegedly slighted by airline personnel, she said.

DELTA FLIGHT ATTENDANT TELLS WHEELCHAIR PASSENGER THAT TSA WILL MAKE HIM GET OFF PLANE ‘WITH THEIR GUNS’

Pike was traveling to Toronto from Phoenix, Arizona, on Jan. 31 with her seeing eye dog, Maggie, as CBC reported.

She informed Air Canada staff several times that she needed an escort to follow her so that she and her service dog could navigate customs and make it safely to her departure gate.

After much waiting and having to "tag along" with airport workers pushing other passengers who use wheelchairs, she says she was taken part of the way to security, she told CBC News.

She was left behind by an airport worker who couldn't take her any further because she didn't have priority boarding status, she said.

She was then told the screening area was "over there," although she repeatedly told staff she was visually impaired, she also said.

"After making it through customs, the airline worker I was following explained that many people in wheelchairs could actually walk and were just using wheelchairs to get ‘priority.’"

Finally, a worker pushing another passenger in a wheelchair "begrudgingly" allowed her to follow him, she said.

It took an hour and a half to get to her gate, she also said, according to CBC News.

TIKTOK USER SHARES ‘HACK’ FOR OBTAINING A WHOLE ROW OF AIRPLANE SEATS TO HIMSELF: 'POOR MAN'S FIRST CLASS'

When she finally landed in Toronto, things only got worse, she also said.

All the able-bodied passengers de-planed before she could make her way to the front, she continued.

She followed one airline employee "for about 20 steps" before the worker turned around and said the plane crew had to first deboard "so she could lock the doors," Pike told CBC News.

Pike found herself waiting again. She was the last passenger to leave the plane, according to her account.

She was then passed off to another worker, she said, who took her to a large open space where several people in wheelchairs were also waiting.

There, she alleges, an airline supervisor said it would be faster if the passengers "just walked."

AIRLINE OUTRAGE: PASSENGER REPORTEDLY TELLS MOM IN FIRST CLASS SHE SHOULDN'T BE THERE WITH A CHILD

"After making it through customs, the airline worker I was following explained that many people in wheelchairs could actually walk and were just using wheelchairs to get 'priority,'" Pike told CBC News.

"I was stunned … Clearly, those people in wheelchairs were not getting prioritized for anything," Pike said.

The entire series of missteps left Pike feeling demoralized, she claimed.

AIR TRAVEL DRAMA: TALL PASSENGER WHO DIDN'T BUY ADDITIONAL LEGROOM IS CHEWED OUT ON FLIGHT

"I don't think it's fair for disabled people to have to wait until the last minute to be able to be taken through the paces and put on a plane," Pike said.

"I'm a blind person trying to get from the airport to my home and the amount of barriers that I encountered … It's degrading."

"It puts this undue burden on people of, 'You are a last priority and we are going to do the bare minimum to get you to your gate.'"

Fox News Digital reached out to Air Canada for comment.

On its website, Air Canada says it is "committed to providing the highest quality of service to all our customers and to making our commitments to customers with disabilities readily available," noted CBC News.

For passengers who require assistance, Air Canada "strongly recommends" contacting the medical assistance desk 48 hours before departure, its website notes.

Pike said she let the airline’s medical assistance desk know of her needs 48 hours before departure, and received a confirmation from the airline about her service request for assistance from check in to the gate, and upon arrival.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER

"I paid the same amount for my flight as my able-bodied counterparts, yet I and other people with disabilities were treated as unwanted burdens" by the airline's ground crew, said Pike, who described herself as visually impaired.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

She added, "I'm a blind person trying to get from the airport to my home and the amount of barriers that I encountered … It's degrading."

Fox News Digital attempted to reach Georgia Pike for further comment.Everyone wants to be "in" with the popular crowd — even if the people in that crowd aren't all that nice.

Just as Regina George was the "it" girl in the 2004 film "Mean Girls," there might actually be some science behind why people are attracted to friends who possess a bit of an attitude.

A new study published in Elsevier’s Evolution and Human Behavior revealed that making friends with unkind people actually could be a means of protection.

AS EMERGENCY ROOMS SEE MORE OF AMERICA'S MENTALLY ILL KIDS, NEW STUDY PINPOINTS ISSUES

Researchers at Oklahoma State University found that both men and women sometimes prefer friends who are likely to be "vicious" toward their enemies.

Since our friends often interact with others, both positively and negatively, the study suggested that there should be varying preferences "not only for how our friends behave toward us but also for how friends behave toward … other people."

The study surveyed 1,183 individuals in student and non-student communities in the U.S. and non-student communities in India.

The research revealed that although most people want friends who are kind and trustworthy, people sometimes prefer friends who are "more vicious" than they are friendly — for instance, "toward one’s enemies," the research revealed.

NEBRASKA CHEERLEADER COMPETES ALONE AT STATE COMPETITION AFTER SQUAD BACKS OUT: ‘PROUD OF MYSELF’

The "benefits of friendship depend, in part, on how much one’s friends value oneself relative to others, and thus that a friend’s behavior toward others can influence one’s own outcomes," the study explained.

"Violence can even become 'glamorous' in a twisted way."

This means that although people want friends who are pleasant to them and to strangers, unpleasant and ferocious behavior can be forgiven if it’s pointed at an adversary and in doing so, offer protection.

"Specifically, people seem to prefer friends to behave in ways that maximize the friendship benefits one receives both via direct behavior (how friends behave toward oneself) and indirect behavior (how friends behave toward others)," the study found.

Many friendship patterns — and the types of people we're attracted to, as friends — begin in childhood, psychologists note.

Modern-day teens are exposed to more violence than in previous decades — and often it’s glamorized.

Also, mean kids can turn into that mean or even "vicious" adult.

"Often, but not always, it was those frequently mean kids who became cruel adults," according to the Society for Personality and Social Psychology's website.

REDDIT USERS SIDE WITH WOMAN WHO LEFT A WEDDING TO GO GET MCDONALD'S: 'REALLY UPSET'

So how do parents create healthy patterns for their own kids when it comes to making friends?

Author and pediatrician Meg Meeker shared her reaction to the study findings with Fox News Digital (she was not involved in the study).

While friendships among children can be "complex," she said, it’s more expected of adults to foster friendships that are "kind, trustworthy, honest and somewhat altruistic."

"But this isn't always the case," said Meeker, who is based in Michigan. "The vicious friends can presumably serve to keep one protected from harm."

She added, "After all, why else would one choose a friend with the ability to be mean?"

As a physician who has cared for thousands of teens, Meeker said there’s a reason why vicious friendships can arise in today’s social ecosystem.

"They prefer a vicious friend who would fight for them over a healthy friend who would refrain from harming another on their behalf."

Modern-day teens are exposed to more violence than in previous decades — and often it’s glamorized, said Meeker.

MAN YELLS AT GIRLFRIEND TO ‘STOP F-----G EATING,' SHE THEN CHARGES HIM WITH ‘FAT-SHAMING’

"Violence can even become 'glamorous' in a twisted way," she said. "This is what we see with kids in gangs."

She continued, "Violence toward another person seems normal [today], when 20 years ago it was considered horrendous."

Meeker added that kids today also feel more "isolated and vulnerable."

"When disconnected from the source of true protection and love [of] family or other healthy friends, they gravitate toward those who will 'care for them' by acting violent toward their enemy," she said.

"In short, they prefer a vicious friend who would fight for them over a healthy friend who would refrain from harming another on their behalf," she noted.

"This shows how vulnerable and needy kids are."

Meeker suggested the "obvious problem" in this situation is that foul friends can turn around and point their anger toward those in their own circle at any time.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER

"This shows how vulnerable and needy kids are," she said. "They are willing to take the risk that the vicious friend might turn on them in order to feel 'protected' and cared for by that friend."

Meeker said that 40% of children in the U.S. struggle with depression — and that one of the "hallmarks" of the illness is self-contempt.

"Depressed teens turn their anger on themselves but often fail to realize it because it is subconscious," she said.

"It makes sense, then, that kids who live with deep self-contempt would gravitate toward friends who don't have their best interest at heart. And they are more comfortable with 'friends' who harbor mal-intent whether it is toward them or an enemy."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

For this reason, Meeker said, it is "more critical than ever" for parents and loved ones to "pay close attention" to their teens' moods and the circle of friends they keep.

"The last thing that hurting kids need is unhealthy friendships," she said.A young boy in Kansas found a rare pink grasshopper while searching for insects in his family’s yard.

The boy, who’s 8 years old and hails from Arkansas City, was originally looking for green grasshoppers, according to reporting from John Shelman of The Cowley CourierTraveler, a local news outlet.

Pink grasshoppers have a rosy hue due to erythrism, a genetic mutation that results in the "overproduction of red pigment," according to the American Museum of Natural History (AMNH).

MAN FINDS 'EXTREMELY RARE' PINK GRASSHOPPER IN TEXAS

Encyclopedia.com reports that erythrism can result in the reddish appearance of hair, skin, fur, feathers and eggshells in mammals, avian animals and several other wild creatures.

The Arkansas City pink grasshopper has been named Pinky and was reportedly kept in a jar with access to leaves, food and water.

Pink grasshoppers have a hard time surviving long in the wild because their "vivid coloring" makes hiding from predators a more challenging task, according to the AMNH.

PINK GRASSHOPPER, UNUSUAL AND 'EXTREMELY RARE,' SPOTTED IN UK GARDEN

Grasshoppers typically have a color range that ranges from green to olive to brown, according to Encyclopedia Britannica, a fact-checked online encyclopedia.

The digital encyclopedia notes that some grasshoppers can have yellow or red markings.

Last year, an Ohio man found a pink grasshopper while working in Texas as an oil and gas pipeline environmental inspector. The Texas grasshopper was also named Pinky, Fox News Digital reported at the time.

REPELLING FLIES WITH WATER AND PENNIES: DOES THE TRICK WORK?

In 2019, a British woman found a pink grasshopper in Gloucestershire — a county in South West England.

Social media users and photographers have shared their pink grasshopper finds on Facebook and Twitter. Some have even turned to public entomology groups to inquire about what makes a grasshopper pink.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER

A fair amount of pink grasshopper sightings have occurred in Texas, including cities such as Dallas, Austin and Lovelady, according to posts shared online by social media users.