MSNBC’s Joy Reid went on another lengthy tear against Gov. Ron DeSantis, R-Fla., on Tuesday, insisting that the governor’s mantra is "if it ain't White, it ain't right" ahead of new Florida legislation.

"The ReidOut" host listed several upcoming bills that are set to be reviewed in the Florida House and Senate, claiming that bills against diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) programs and discussing sexual identity in schools represent DeSantis’ racism.

"Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis opened a new session of the Florida legislature today, vowing to continue to use his power for political retribution," Reid said. "Republicans have a supermajority in the state legislature and are set to pass a full slate of repressive laws on the governor’s wishlist. If you’re a teacher, you can't talk about gender identity with students from the third grade to the eighth grade. You are not allowed to use any pronoun except the one you were assigned at birth."

"Do you want to major or minor in gender studies in college?" she continued. "Well, not if Republicans get their way. They’re considering legislation that would put a stop to that, and any discussion of intersectionality at the college level. And it would end any diversity, equity, and inclusion programs. I guess if it ain't White, it ain't right in DeSantistan."

Among other bills Reid listed was a "blogger bill" that, if signed, "would require any blogger writing about government officials to register with the Florida Office of Legislative Services or the Commission on Ethics."

While Reid listed this bill under the "Governor’s wishlist," DeSantis criticized the bill himself on Tuesday, stating that it wasn’t anything he’s "ever supported."

DESANTIS SHOOTS DOWN MEDIA CLAIMS HE SUPPORTS ‘BLOGGER BILL’: ‘NOT ANYTHING THAT I’VE EVER SUPPORTED’

"Every person in the legislature can file bills. I see these people filing bills and there are these articles with my face on the article, saying ‘bloggers are going to have to register with the state,’ attributing it to me," DeSantis said. "That’s not anything I’ve ever supported, I don’t support. I’ve been very clear on what we are doing."

Prior to the governor's statement, Reid had previously described the blogger bill as "the latest salvo from Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis and his war on all things woke."

"There's a separate bill that would force anyone who writes about public figures and gets paid for it to register with the government. Basically forcing people to get government permission to form an opinion," Reid continued Tuesday.

"The legislature is eager to clear DeSantis's path to the presidential nomination by silencing any opposing views or risking any unhelpful stories about him or them," she later added.

JOY REID MISLEADS WITH UNCORRECTED VERSION OF WASHINGTON POST ARTICLE ON DESANTIS’ EDUCATION LAW

Reid has frequently used her show to attack the Florida governor and accuse him of promoting White supremacy. In August, she claimed that DeSantis was aiming to create a "sort of White nationalist environment everywhere or else."

In October, ahead of the Florida gubernatorial election, she argued that DeSantis turned his state into a "modern-day version of Jim Crow."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"If there’s a state that better exemplifies the rot of MAGA Republican rule than the state of Florida that the governor has named in very Orwellian fashion ‘the free state of Florida,’ I honestly don’t know what it is," Reid said.Christian Member of Parliament Tim Farron argued that genuine liberals should respect Christians for holding a different world view.

The British politician made waves online after he spoke out in favor of Christians who allow faith to affect their politics, arguing that "every single human being has a worldview," including Christians.

He doubled down on his defense of Christianity , especially in public life, during an interview with Fox News Digital.

CHRISTIAN MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT BLASTS 'TOLERANT LIBERALS' FOR HYPOCRISY AGAINST CHRISTIANS: 'THAT'S RUBBISH'

"I think people are in effect tolerant of people of other faiths so long as your faith is only cultural. The minute it starts impinging upon your world view, then that is something that we don’t like, and we’re against that."

"And that is a problem," Farron said. "It’s a problem for people who are genuinely liberals," he continued, adding, "If you’re a liberal you should understand that we’re not all going to agree."

ANGLICAN LEADERS REJECT ARCHBISHOP OF CANTERBURY AFTER SAME-SEX MARRIAGE DECISION: 'FALSE TEACHING'

Farron argued that in the West, there "is this assumption in public life that there’s no God, or at least that there’s an absence of faith," which some consider to be a "neutral" position.

But Farron took issue with considering the lack of faith in God a "neutral" position in the first place.

"The real intellectual failure here is to think there is a neutral place. There isn’t a neutral place. There is no neutrality."

Farron said that liberals in the United States and in the U.K. should practice tolerance for all faiths, even the ones they don’t agree with.

"If you believe in freedom and tolerance for your faith, you have to apply it to others too."

It was a lesson that he also applied to Christians in any position of authority. "Some Christians in the public square think their job is to legislate, to make people who are not Christians live as though they were."

"By changing the law, you don’t save anybody," Farron said.

"That doesn’t mean you shouldn’t govern without any reference to morality, of course, you should, but at the same time, let’s not think that our role, if we are Christians in politics, is to impose a morality on others."

Farron also discussed the recent attacks against Kate Forbes, a Christian politician and one of the leading candidates to become first minister of Scotland.

He said that while he did not agree with Forbes’ position on Scottish separation from the UK, he did respect her forthrightness about her Christian faith.

"I really disagree with Kate, but I like her and I respect her," Farron said.

CHURCH OF ENGLAND APPROVES 'PRAYERS FOR GOD'S BLESSING' ON SAME-SEX COUPLES: 'A LONG ROAD'

When asked about Christianity in American politics, Farron leveled some criticism against conservative politicians in the States.

"My criticism of some conservative politicians in America who are described as Christians, is that their rhetoric is without curiosity, it’s not seasoned with grace."

"You can be faithful to what the Bible says without allowing nearly everybody under 40 and half of the electorate in general to stick their fingers in their ears. There are people, therefore, who are not going to hear the Gospel because of how you conducted yourself," Farron told conservative lawmakers in the U.S.

"I myself will have said and done things that were hostile sometimes, for which I need to repent," Farron said.

"The greatest service you can bring about, if you are a Christian in politics, is to point someone to Jesus."

Farron also summed up his recent book, "A Mucky Business: Why Christians Should Get Involved in Politics," as holding two big lessons for Christians interested in public service.

"Don’t panic and do care, in that order," Farron said.

Farron said that while the war in Ukraine and other catastrophic world events may be genuine cause for alarm, Christians know from the book of Revelation that the story "ends well."

That’s because no civilization lasts forever, Farron said, except for the kingdom of God that "will last forever," according to the Christian faith.

But that doesn’t mean that Christians should just wait for the world to change, Farron said, citing the story of Jesus Christ.

"Get involved. Do what good you can, while you can, and serve your Lord by loving your neighbor, and your neighbor includes people you’ve never met and people you don’t like."

He said that one of his hopes for the U.S. was that young people would experience a renewed interest in Gospel teachings.

"I would love to see that people in the United States who count themselves as liberals listening to the Gospel again, younger generations of people who discounted it as old-fashioned and hateful, hearing it again."

But no matter what, Farron said that Christianity has found a way to survive.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Over the last 2,000 years hundreds of different world views have mocked Christianity as being either old hat or irrelevant. The irony is nearly all of those worldviews are in dust now and Christianity survives, which is what you’d expect if it was true."Lead prosecutor Creighton Waters gave insight on his strategy that led to the conviction of disbarred attorney Alex Murdaugh in his double murder trial in an exclusive interview Thursday on "The Story with Martha MacCallum."

Waters defended his strategy against critics who said during the trial that he allowed Murdaugh to take "control" of the courtroom during his testimony on the stand.

"This was not going to be a traditional cross-examination," Waters told MacCallum. "I think if I tried to do it that way, and that's typically it, where you try to control the conversation, that it would have been a disaster. One thing I knew about this man was...he was an effective trial lawyer and I had no doubt because of what we understood about him and his makeup, that he would be convinced in his ability to look those jurors, in a community where his family has long dominated, look them in the eye and try to convince them of one last lie."

The prosecutor said his plan was to get Murdaugh "talking."

ALEX MURDAUGH SUICIDE-FOR-HIRE HITMAN CURTIS 'EDDIE' SMITH COULD BE KEY PLAYER IN NEXT TRIAL

"There were intentional pauses that he couldn't help himself, and he would start talking anew, and I really wanted to see that jury watch him be able to lie in real time," Waters revealed. "I wanted him to speak as much as he wanted to because I think they would see him refine that lie – actually lie – new lies in front of them. And in the end, I think that was an effective way to do that."

One critical piece of evidence in the case was identifying Murdaugh’s voice in a snapchat video which placed him at the scene moments before the murders of his wife Maggie and son Paul, according to a previous Fox News report.

"We all recognized Alex's voice immediately and knew that as we were putting our timeline together, that was right around the time these murders happened and not only that, that he had lied about that. That became very significant, as you know," Waters said.

South Carolina Attorney General Alan Wilson, who remembered signing the murder indictments against Murdaugh , said when he got on the witness stand, he was "known for his theatrics and his ability to connect with juries."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The jurors, however, "saw right through it," he said.

"They felt manipulated and lied to all the way through and concluding that testimony he gave," Wilson said. "I think Creighton, to his credit, did an amazing job letting him run with his own closing argument to the jury, and it ultimately hung him."

Fox News’ Greg Norman and Rebecca Rosenberg contributed to this report.EXCLUSIVE – Arizona's Washington Elementary School District was sued for allegedly impugning on the religious rights of a Christian university after they terminated a partnership that had been ongoing for 11 years after multiple board members attacked them for their religious beliefs on Thursday.

"[N]ot only did the School District end its agreement with Arizona Christian and its students at the February 23, 2023, board meeting, it disparaged their religious beliefs, questioning how one could ‘be committed to Jesus Christ’ and yet respect LGBTQ students and board members," the lawsuit, filed by Alliance Defending Freedom, said.

The suit alleged the district terminated its relationship with Arizona Christian University and its students "strictly because of their religious status and beliefs—namely their beliefs on biblical marriage and sexuality—despite having zero evidence of any incident by an Arizona Christian student that violated any School District policy."

"Washington Elementary School District officials are causing irreparable harm to ACU every day they force it to choose between its religious beliefs and partnering with the area’s public schools," said ADF Senior Counsel David Cortman, vice president of U.S. litigation.

SCHOOL LIBRARIAN PRIVATELY DEFENDS PORNOGRAPHIC BOOK ON 'SEX PARTIES' BY INVOKING HOLY BIBLE: 'SLIPPERY SLOPE'

The lawsuit demanded the reinstatement of a contract, which had previously opened up opportunities for recruitment and hiring.

"Arizona Christian students obtained necessary real-world experience in order to graduate, while the School District benefited by having additional (and free) teaching help. In fact, the School District has hired several Arizona Christian graduates who previously student taught in one of its schools."

On Feb. 23, the board agreed on a motion to dissolve the partnership with the Christian university immediately after multiple board members attacked the institution over its "commit[ment] to Jesus Christ," among other matters.

The suit called out board member Tamillia Valenzuela's and other board member's comments at the February meeting.

CONTROVERSIAL SCHOOL BOARD MEMBER ENDORSED CURRICULUM THAT REMOVES 'ISLAMIC TERROR' FROM 9/11 HISTORY LESSONS

Defendant Valenzuela said "that Arizona Christian’s religious beliefs would make people feel unsafe," the lawsuit said.

"I was really disheartened when I saw this renewal… I have taken the time to take a look at… Arizona Christian University…I had some… concerns regarding… this particular institution, she said in the Feb. 23rd meeting.

"At some point we need to get real with ourselves and take a look at who we’re making legal contracts with and the message that that is sending to our community," Valenzuela said. "Because that makes me feel like I could not be safe in this school district. That makes other queer kids, who are already facing attack from our lawmakers that they could not be safe in this community. So I really want us to think hard about who we’re partnering with deep dive and I want to ask the district, "is this school value aligned with what we’re trying to do and making sure that all of our students feel safe?"

"Valenzuela then went on Facebook that night to announce how excited she was that the School District’s relationship with Arizona Christian had been terminated," the lawsuit said.

At the end of the discussion, Nikkie Gomez-Whaley, the board president, said that she was "embarrassed" to have continued the contract under their watch.

School board member Kyle Clayton also blasted the university for "teaching with a Biblical lens."

"I, too, echo what Ms. Valenzuela said when I… looked into not only their core values, but the statement of faith… [which they] ask their students to sign and live by," he said. "Proselytizing is embedded into how they teach. And I just don't believe that that belongs in schools."

SCHOOL LIBRARIAN PRIVATELY DEFENDS PORNOGRAPHIC BOOK ON 'SEX PARTIES' BY INVOKING HOLY BIBLE: 'SLIPPERY SLOPE'

Fox News Digital did not immediately hear back on a request for comment from the district.

The U.S. Supreme Court has "made clear that the government… cannot impose regulations that are hostile to the religious beliefs of affected citizens and cannot act in a manner that passes judgment upon or presupposes the illegitimacy of religious beliefs and practices," the lawsuit said.

The lawsuit added that students part of the university are expected to comply with all policies of the districts it works with.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Arizona Christian instructs all of its students and staff to respect and abide by the policies of the school districts it cooperates with—including the School District," the lawsuit said.

"Despite there being zero complaints about an Arizona Christian student teacher or alumnus, the School District decided to terminate its relationship with Arizona Christian and its students solely because of their religious status and beliefs on biblical marriage and sexuality."

The board previously told Fox News that their decision "was based on the board’s commitment to create a safe place for our LGBTQ+ students, staff, and community," which "includes not knowingly entering into partnerships with any organization that explicitly discriminates against protected classes covered by our nondiscrimination policies."

When Fox News followed up asking for evidence of supposed "explici[t]" discrimination, the president of the board Nikkie Gomez-Whaley said they were declining to provide any further comments.Arkansas Gov. Sarah Huckabee Sanders signed her educational reform bill on Wednesday.

"The failed status quo ended today when Governor Sanders signed the biggest, boldest, most conservative education reform into law. By the passage of AR LEARNS, Arkansas will be a blueprint for the country," Alexa Henning, the communications director for Huckabee Sanders, said.

"It raises teacher pay, empowers parents, and gives our students the skills to succeed in life. Every kid should have access to a quality education and a path to a good paying job and better life right here in Arkansas," Henning said.

STATES PASS UNIVERSAL SCHOOL CHOICE AMID PARENTAL RIGHTS MOVEMENT: 'TEACHERS UNIONS AWAKENED SLEEPING GIANT'

Arkansas is the latest of the Republican-led states to pass school choice legislation, becoming the fifth state to pass universal school choice. The legislation passed the Republican-held Arkansas State Legislature on Tuesday afternoon.

Senate Bill 294, also known as "Arkansas LEARNS," passed 26-8, marking the latest win for school choice.

The Arkansas legislation will broaden school choice and includes a plan for the state to adopt universal choice by the 2025-2026 school year. The bill will gradually provide vouchers through "Education Freedom Accounts," which equal 90% of funding allocated per student to each public school district in the previous year.

"It's bigger than just tackling school choice, it's about taking a comprehensive approach to our education system here in Arkansas. I frankly am tired of seeing our state at the bottom when it comes to our performance and our outcomes," Huckabee Sanders told Fox News Digital.

UTAH GOVERNOR SIGNS MAJOR EDUCATION FUNDING BILL, BECOMING THIRD STATE TO ENSHRINE SCHOOL CHOICE INTO LAW

Shortly after delivering the response to President Biden's State of the Union address, Huckabee Sanders, R-Ark., announced a universal school choice proposal that would be unprecedented legislation in the state.

Huckabee Sanders’ proposal includes education reform measures like education freedom accounts and a "three-year, phased-in approach to fund students" that will provide universal choice for all families by 2025-2026.

The proposal would also prohibit a limit on the number of charter schools allowed to operate and the number of school choice transfers a student can use. Other pieces of the proposal entail boosting teacher pay, providing incentives for teacher performance and banning "critical race theory and indoctrination."

Reacting to Huckabee Sanders’ proposal, American Federation for Children senior fellow Corey DeAngelis told Fox News Digital that "Arkansas is now the fifth government school monopoly domino to fall in just two years."

"We're freeing families from the clutches of the teachers unions once and for all — and there's nothing they can do about it," DeAngelis said.

IOWA GOV KIM REYNOLDS SIGNS HISTORIC SCHOOL CHOICE BILL: 'WE WILL FUND STUDENTS NOT SYSTEMS'

Last year, Arizona became the first state in the nation to pass education scholarship accounts, expanding the program to all 1.1 million K-12 students in the state. Other red states have now followed suit in pushing school choice legislation.

The most recent example of major school choice legislation being passed occurred when Republican Utah Gov. Spencer Cox established scholarship accounts on behalf of all Utah K-12 students to pay for "approved education goods and services" starting in the 2024-2025 school year.

Widespread calls for school choice and parental rights have emerged after states implemented lockdown measures during the coronavirus pandemic. School choice became a salient issue after the COVID-19-induced lockdowns sparked a conversation on the scope of the government’s authority and the type of content that should be taught to children from public school curricula.

CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP

Republican governors made significant inroads in pushing universal school choice legislation, which did not exist anywhere in the country a year ago. As of now, five states passed universal school choice.

School choice, or providing all families with alternatives to the public schools they’re zoned for, can be expanded through multiple avenues at the state level, including school voucher programs, tax-credit scholarship programs, individual tuition tax credit programs and deductions and education savings accounts. Charter schools, magnet schools and homeschooling are also forms of school choice programs.During Wednesday's House Foreign Affairs Committee hearing, several survivors of the Afghanistan withdrawal and the Kabul airport attack shined new light on the Biden administration's decisions.

Sgt. Tyler Vargas-Andrews, a Marine sniper who served in Afghanistan during the American withdrawal, recounted the ordeal, telling members about the moment he and a friend were hit with a "flash and massive wave of pressure" after a suicide bomb detonated at Kabul airport on Aug. 26, 2021.

Vargas-Andrews shared how, despite intelligence about a potential suicide bomber, he and fellow Marines were never given permission to take out an individual who matched the description of a suicide bomber.

MARINE SNIPER TEARS UP TESTIFYING HOW LEADERS IGNORED HIS WARNINGS MINUTES BEFORE KABUL AIRPORT BLAST

"Plain and simple, we were ignored. Our expertise was disregarded, no one was held accountable for our safety," Vargas-Andrews said.

Save Our Allies co-founder Tim Kennedy argued the "preventable" deaths in Afghanistan were the result of putting political ambitions over decisions from "warfighters on the ground."

next Image 1 of 4

prev next Image 2 of 4

prev next Image 3 of 4

prev Image 4 of 4

"Unfortunately, the authorities and authorizations that should have been available for our service members to do their jobs, we're not. The Department of State were the ones that were running this NEO operation, this noncombatant evacuation operation. And the Department of State should never run a military operation," Kennedy said on "Fox & Friends" Thursday.

"It never goes well at any time that you have a politician trying to dictate what warfighters are going to do on the ground. This is going to be the byproduct. We're going to see young men and women die, and we're going to continue to lose wars."

Kennedy, an Army veteran and former UFC fighter who co-founded Save Our Allies, went to Afghanistan to help rescue Americans and get allies out after the decision to withdraw was announced in August 2021. After initiating the withdrawal of U.S. troops, the Taliban quickly swarmed in to reclaim the region.

"The men and women that were on the ground, the service members there that were [there], acts of heroism everywhere that you look at these service members, the 82nd, the Marines on the ground doing things that are indescribable and seen things that we would never wish upon our worst enemy," Kennedy said having witnessed much during his time helping the withdrawal.

"It's unforgivable the lack of tools and resources that we gave them for this evacuation. And chaotic and catastrophic can't even begin to describe what it looked like on the ground."

BIDEN'S ‘POLITICAL’ AFGHANISTAN STRATEGY GUTTED US CREDIBILITY, ARMY VET CONGRESSMAN SAYS AS HEARINGS BEGIN

As the House investigates the Biden administration over the withdrawal, Vargas-Andrews' testimony included other failures stemming from leadership, including slow processing speed by State Department personnel.

"The troops on the ground had to tirelessly work to control the crowds, day and night. The Department of State staff at HKIA (Hamid Karzai International Airport) would completely shut down processing Afghans every evening and into the morning, leaving ground forces with a nightmare," he said. "State was not prepared to be in HKIA."

Kennedy argued, "it's absolutely the fault of the government and Department of State for things like this happening and for us to continue to lose these wars." He said the problems arose from State personnel, not military commanders, being in charge of the situation.

"It was absolutely preventable," he said.

Kennedy shared how "unfortunate" it is that the nation lost 13 servicemen and women who cannot share their stories.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"The guilt, the remorse of having to deal with losing Americans on the ground that day because of failed policy and because we took the authorities and the authorizations away from ground force commanders," Kennedy said. "When are we going to learn that this is not how we fight, this is not how we win wars. This is how we continue to lose them. This is far from over."

Fox News' Michael Lee contributed to this report.Kearney Public Schools (KPS) Board of Education in Nebraska on Monday passed a policy looking at the participation of transgender athletes in sports at the high school and middle school levels.

The school board had two policy versions to consider during their meeting, voting four to two in favor of Version A.

During the public comment period, there was an overwhelming backlash against the consideration of including transgender athletes from over 40 speakers.

ALABAMA DOCTORS, PARENTS OF TRANSGENDER KIDS SUE TO BLOCK LAW BANNING CROSS-SEX HORMONES

A wrestling coach critiqued the measure, saying "we only have 14 classes and science figures out who fills those 14 weight classes," he said.

"As adults here in the room, we’re going to have to say listen … there are naturally born women that cannot–cannot compete in the Olympics because they’ve got something that causes them to create too much testosterone. It is an unfair playing field. I’ve seen it in my whole life."

He added that wrestlers with the best work ethic "don’t win because they can’t compete."

UTAH BILL LOOKS TO BAN GENDER-AFFIRMING SURGERY FOR MINORS

Among the several speakers that blasted the proposal, there was one transgender man who spoke on behalf of allowing transgender youth to participate in their chosen sport.

"The opportunity to race as my gender, and not assigned gender at birth, has contributed to my mental health and success as an adult," Connor Jacobson said.

"It is in the communities best interest to provide the same opportunities to young trans athletes as we already do to cisgender athletes."

The vote now sends the proposal to be discussed further at a later date.

KPS Superintendent Jason Mundorf told a local news outlet that they could wait for the legislature regarding transgender students and athletes, but they decided to open a conversation about the issue.

FLORIDA MEDICAL BOARDS APPROVE BAN ON PUBERTY BLOCKERS, TRANSGENDER SURGERIES FOR MINORS

The Nebraska Legislature Bill 575, also known as the Sports and Spaces Act, was introduced on February 7th this year. It would prohibit transgender students to use facilities that are not aligned with the biological gender assigned at birth. The bill would also prohibit the participation of transgender athletes in sports that are not aligned with the biological sex assigned at birth.

The state may or may not pass LB 575. Our school board felt this issue was important enough to receive a review and decision regardless of the outcomes of the legislative bill or any changes with the NSAA's existing policies.

The bill reads:

"An athletic team or sport designated for females, women, or girls shall not be open to a biological male student. An athletic team or sport designated for males, men, or boys shall not be open to a biological female student unless there is no female team available for such sport for such biological female student."

Anti-Transgender athlete and anti-gender-affirming surgery bills swept through state legislatures nationwide, Fox News Digital previously reported.

Fox News Digital reached out to KPS for comment:

"Our board policy revisions require two readings/votes by the board members to be approved as the new policy. Version A of the new policy did pass 4-2 for the first reading and it will be in front of our school board again on April 10th for 2nd reading/final approval. If the board approves this policy by majority vote a second time, it will be our district's policy," Mundorf told Fox News Digital.

"The state may or may not pass LB 575. Our school board felt this issue was important enough to receive a review and decision regardless of the outcomes of the legislative bill or any changes with the NSAA's existing policies," he said.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Wyoming state legislators approved a bill on Tuesday that would prohibit biologically designated male students from playing on female sports teams.

If signed by Gov. Mark Gordon, Wyoming will join a list of other states like Oklahoma, Florida and Mississippi that have banned trans athletes from competing in women's sports.

Parents across the country have protested controversial curricula like critical race theory, as well as the presence of certain books in public libraries.

Fox News' Greg Wehner contributed to this report.President Biden slammed "MAGA Republicans" during a speech at the Finishing Trades Institute in Pennsylvania, and personalities across social media skewered him for it.

Biden gave a speech at a union training center in Philadelphia, where he contrasted his campaign agenda against Republican priorities.

"I just laid out the bulk of my budget," Biden said to the audience. "Republicans in Congress should do the same thing. Then we can sit down and see where we disagree."

‘DEFUND POLICE’ LAWMAKER RIPPED FOR HYPOCRISY AFTER LAPD WAS CALLED TO WATCH STAFFER'S LEXUS

During the speech, he called out his opposition and appeared to slam the Trump-supporting base of the Republican Party. "MAGA Republicans are calling for defunding the police department," he claimed.

A variety of commentators on the Twitter platform condemned the president’s rhetoric as either uninformed or dishonest.

Former House candidate and author Josh Barnett commented, "all he does is lie...no MAGA Republican ever said to defund police!!! but we did say defund the crooked FBI til they stop attacking Americans for political retaliation."

"At this point, there are only two options," Washington Examiner columnist Ian Haworth theorized. "1) He honestly believes these things, and therefore doesn’t have a grasp on reality. 2) He knows he’s lying through his teeth and doesn’t give a f***. Neither of these are good, y’all."

Defense attorney David Wohl espoused the former conclusion about Biden, "He's basically a zombie. He has no clue what he's saying. Belongs in a rest home."

"I would not put it past Brandon to have Fetterwoman be his VP," another attorney, Joseph D. McBride tweeted.

PJ Media columnist Ryan Ledendecker tweeted, "Dementia is so sad, yet fascinating to observe in real-time."

BIDEN'S ENERGY SECRETARY PUMPS THE BRAKES ON RAPID GREEN ENERGY TRANSITION: 'WE NEED BOTH'

Veteran and Twitter personality James Bradley wrote, "It’s like a bad standup routine at this point. All you can do is laugh."

Multiple users suggested Biden was being deliberately deceptive about police policy.

"Pathological liar, confirmed," podcast host Kyle Becker wrote.

Columnist Liz Peek tweeted, "Have we ever had a more dishonest president than @JoeBiden?"

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Software developer Brad Perniciaro wrote, "In blue cities, yes let’s do it. Give them what they want."

"Man this dude is so bad at this…" X-Games athlete Paul Thacker commented.Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau argued on Twitter that "trans woman are women" while celebrating International Women’s Day on Wednesday in a ridiculed tweet.

Trudeau put out an official statement earlier that morning, arguing that the day is a time to work towards a more "equitable future" for women. That included "trans women" as well, according to the prime minister.

"When women and girls are empowered, entire families, communities, and societies succeed. So today, as we mark #IWD2023 and celebrate the incredible women and girls in our lives, let’s keep working to build a more equal and equitable future," Trudeau tweeted.

He added, "And with a disturbing rise in anti-transgender hate here in Canada and around the world recently, I want to be very clear about one more thing: Trans women are women. We will always stand up to this hate –whenever and wherever it occurs."

MUSEUM OF AMERICAN WOMEN TO FEATURE ‘TRANSGENDER WOMEN’ IN ORDER TO BE ‘INCLUSIVE’

Various social media users mocked the tweet and criticized Trudeau for promoting biological men and transgender ideology during International Women’s Day.

Clinical psychologist Jordan Peterson replied, "Customary obeisance to the radical leftist gender benders and narcissists on a day hypothetically devoted to (remember them?) women. I've never seen a politician with the possible exception of @VP Kamala Harris strike so many false notes..."

"Nah," The Dossier publisher Jordan Schachtel commented.

"If ‘woman’ doesn't meaning anything, there's no point celebrating women is there?" columnist Andrew Lawton tweeted.

"This is what happens when you have a TikTok influencer in charge of a NATO country," Ottawa Citizen and National Post columnist Terry Glavin joked.

RedState Deputy Editor Kira Davis wrote, "Thank you, Prime Minister Blackface. Without a man to mansplain what a woman is, how could I ever know? Thanks for the ‘clarity!’"

"Women cannot have a penis, hope this helps," GBNews panelist Adam Brooks tweeted.

Arizona Gov. Katie Hobbs put out a similar message from her Twitter account on Wednesday.

"On this International Women's Day I want to make it clear that trans women are women, they are welcome here, and any bill that harasses or threatens their safety will swiftly meet my veto stamp," Hobbs wrote.

TWITTER LAUGHS, GROANS AS JILL BIDEN GIVES BIOLOGICAL MALE WOMEN OF COURAGE AWARD: ‘UP YOUR GAME, LADIES’

First Lady Jill Biden was previously slammed Wednesday for presenting an award to a biological Argentinian male at the White House’s International Women of Courage Awards ceremony.

Alba Rueda was described as a "transgender woman who was kicked out of classrooms, barred for sitting for exams, refused job opportunities, subjected to violence, and rejected by her family. But in the face of these challenges, she worked to end violence and discrimination against the LGBTQ plus community in Argentina."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The State Department also promoted the event as featuring "11 extraordinary women from around the world who are working to build a brighter future for all."A judge in Canada expressed outrage after a man was arrested on the grounds of "criminal harassment" for making a rude gesture in public.

A feud between neighboring families became an internationally known court case when a Canadian man was arrested for making a pair of middle finger gestures toward his neighbor.

"Police arrested [Neall Epstein,] a 45-year-old teacher, on May 18, 2021, as he returned home from a walk. Earlier in the day, he had run into a neighbour — Michael Naccache — who lived on the same Beaconsfield, Que., street and with whom he had previous conflicts," the CBC reported. "Naccache, 34, swore at Epstein and threatened him while holding a power tool "in a menacing way," the judge found. Epstein replied with two middle fingers and continued walking."

"Naccache alleged that Epstein also made a throat-slashing gesture and said he feared Epstein would come back and try to kill him — claims that the judge did not accept," the report continued.

CANADA'S TRUDEAU OPENS INVESTIGATION INTO CHINA ELECTION MEDDLING

"To be abundantly clear, it is not a crime to give someone the finger," Canadian Judge Dennis Galiatsatos wrote in his Feb. 24 ruling. "Flipping the proverbial bird is a God-given, Charter-enshrined right that belongs to every red-blooded Canadian. It may not be civil, it may not be polite, it may not be gentlemanly. Nevertheless, it does not trigger criminal liability."

The judge appeared to scoff at the fact the case and arrest had occurred in the first place.

"In the specific circumstances of this case, the Court is inclined to actually take the file and throw it out the window, which is the only way to adequately express my bewilderment with the fact that Mr. Epstein was subjected to an arrest and a fulsome criminal prosecution," he said.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"The Montreal police service said it is analyzing the decision and declined to comment further," CBC wrote.

Galiatsatos has a record of punishing more serious crimes. In May 2019, the judge reportedly sentenced 40-year-old Nigerian refugee Owolabi Adejojo to 52 months in prison for sexually assaulting a woman in a psychiatric ward.

"Imagine the irony of going to a hospital for help — desperately needed help — only to be harmed instead," Galiatsatos said of the incident, according to the CBC. "Now compound that irony exponentially. Imagine being forced to remain at the hospital against your will, by court order no less, on the basis that it is in your best interest. Only to get violated in the most opportunistic fashion, falling prey to a man who capitalized on your weakness and vulnerability."A Concord, New Hampshire, father who was banned from occupying an elementary school’s property dressed up as Julius Caesar at a recent school board meeting on Monday to drive his claims that a public school district is "facilitating gender confusion."

"I am Caesar. Julius Caesar of Rome, the emperor. I am also a female," Michael Guglielmo said. "Does anybody here believe that? That I am Julius Caesar? Anybody believe that? No, of course not. It's ridiculous."

UTAH GOVERNOR SIGNS MAJOR EDUCATION FUNDING BILL, BECOMING THIRD STATE TO ENSHRINE SCHOOL CHOICE INTO LAW

Guglielmo called for the suspension of both CSD Superintendent Kathleen Murphy and Christa McAuliffe Principal Kristen Gallo for "facilitating gender confusion" by allowing an art teacher who identifies with the LGBTQ community to continue teaching in the elementary school.

CANADIAN TEACHER WITH GIANT PROSTHETIC BREASTS REPORTEDLY CLAIMS THEY'RE 'REAL’, SLAMS 'BODY-SHAMING' ONLINE

Guglielmo has been outspoken about the art teacher Silas Allard, who identifies as a member of the LGBTQ+ community, for his decision to wear traditionally female clothing during the school day. He has also criticized Allard's previous social media posts, arguing they are inappropriate for children.

Guglielmo was banned from visiting Christa McCauliffe Elementary School last month due to an interaction between himself and Allard.

According to the letter CSD sent to Guglielmo, Guglielmo had asked Allard to take a photograph, to which Allard agreed.

Guglielmo proceeded to ask Allard to pose for the photo, in which Allard denied. CSD deemed Guglielmo’s actions as harassment.

Guglielmo's criticisms prompted CSD to place Allard on leave and launch an investigation into the issue. However, CSD decided to bring Allard back to the classroom.

‘TRANS LIVES MATTER’ PROTESTERS OCCUPY OKLAHOMA STATE CAPITOL: ‘THIS IS OUR HOUSE!’

While many attendees waved signs reading "Choose Love" and "Love is Stronger than Hate," Guglielmo showed up to the Monday's school board meeting wearing a Julius Caesar costume to push back against the school board authorizing Allard’s return.

"Your duty is to act in the best interest of children. It is to teach truth, not lies. Facts, not fiction. Biology, not a social agenda." Guglielmo said.

"As taxpayers, we deserve to have our children taught what we pay for, and it's not a social agenda, whether it be right or left," he added.

CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP

A CSD spokesperson told Crisis in the Classroom that the district "rejects all forms of hatred and discrimination," and it strives to "rejoice" in the diversity of its community.Hollywood icon and left-wing activist Jane Fonda is insisting her comment on "The View" suggesting the "murder" of pro-life advocates was nothing serious after facing intense backlash online.

"While women’s reproductive rights are a very serious issue and extremely important to me, my comment on The View was obviously made in jest," Fonda told Fox News Digital in a statement. "My body language and tone made it clear to those in the room - and to anyone watching - that I was using hyperbole to make a point."

"Women across the country are facing real threats when it comes to our bodies, and people lose faith in our mission to protect women when others choose to focus on tangential issues and passing jokes instead of the actual problem at hand," Fonda added.

JANE FONDA SUGGESTS ‘MURDER’ TO FIGHT ABORTION LAWS IN WILD APPEARANCE ON ‘THE VIEW’

Critics blasted the liberal actress on social media.

"Jane Fonda went on national television today and suggested that pro-life politicians should be murdered for trying to protect unborn children. I guess she believes in killing people both in and out of the womb," pro-life advocate Abby Johnson reacted.

"Shorter Jane Fonda: ‘well, so long as SOMEONE gets murdered…’ Incitement, much?" Rep. Chip Roy, R-Texas, tweeted.

"I have notifed Capitol Police of Jane Fonda’s call to murder pro-life politicians, Rep. Anna Paulina Luna, R-Fla., wrote. "Calling for the murder of a pro-life politicians is not only dangerous but it’s incredibly sick. This leads to targeting and can result in someone being seriously hurt."



Ever since the Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade last year, the abortion battle has been waged on a state level, something Fonda is extremely passionate about as expressed on Friday's installment of "The View."

"We have experienced many decades now of having agency over our body, of being able to determine when and how many children to have. We know what that feels like, we know what that’s done for our lives," Fonda said. "We’re not going back, I don’t care what the laws are. We're not going back."

JANE FONDA, 85, ADMITS TO ACCEPTING DATE FROM 90-YEAR-OLD BECAUSE HE OFFERED 'TO PAY ME QUITE A BIT OF MONEY'

When asked by co-host Joy Behar what can be done "besides marching and protesting," Fonda replied, "Well, I've thought of murder."

The answer sparked laughter at the table, with Behar insisting to viewers Fonda was "just kidding," which prompted a long glare from the Oscar winner.

Fonda has long been an outspoken advocate for the far-left, and many veterans of the Vietnam War still refer to her as "Hanoi Jane," recalling Fonda's disastrous trip to North Vietnam in 1972 when she was photographed on an anti-aircraft gun used to shoot down American pilots.

The actress has long since apologized for the incident.

5 WOMEN SUE TEXAS OVER ABORTION BAN, SAYING IT RISKED THEIR LIVES

The firestorm over the abortion debate was ignited after a draft Supreme Court opinion was leaked to the press, leading to protests outside the homes of the conservative justices.

One man was charged for the assassination attempt of Justice Brett Kavanaugh.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Political pundits widely suspect that the issue of abortions played a key role in the 2022 midterms, which was previously forecast to be a red wave for Republicans. Instead, they narrowly won back the House and Democrats expanded their majority in the Senate.Will Smith's personal life is as complicated as the characters he plays on the big screen.

Fox Nation's new special "Who is Will Smith?" pulls the curtain back on the once-proclaimed king of Hollywood and the enigmatic details of his personal and professional career.

It's no secret that Will Smith had a difficult home life growing up. As noted by Fox Nation host Kacie McDonnell Hosmer, the Smith family was "anything but happy." His current family life was also making headlines this time last year, following wife Jada Pinkett Smith's extra-marital "entanglement" and the subsequent airing of their dirty laundry the couple voluntarily chose to broadcast on the family's talk show, "Red Table Talk."



Did the world-class actor's heavy home life contribute to the instance that, possibly permanently, crumpled his career?

COMEDIANS DEFEND CHRIS ROCK OVER BACKLASH TO WILL SMITH, JADA PINKETT JOKES

The new Fox Nation special spotlights a shocking anecdote from Smith's childhood, with some speculating that his extreme response had a clear correlation to the "slap heard around the world."

When Smith was nine-years-old, his father struck his mother with such force that it caused her spit up blood. As cited in the special, other witnesses ran to his mother's aid while he stood there, seemingly stunned with fear.

Hollywood producer and journalist Jeanne Wolf weighed in, arguing that Smith has carried life-long guilt for being unable to protect his mother.

"To go through something like that, I think from that point on, he felt if I see a woman being attacked, whether that be physically or rhetorically, I have to stand up for that person," Wolf argued.

During the 2022 Oscars ceremony, Will Smith slapped comedian Chris Rock for making a displeasing joke about his wife, Pinkett Smith. The world's reaction scorched the earth, and has since left Will Smith's seemingly shatterproof reputation in shambles.

WILL SMITH OSCARS SLAP: CHRIS ROCK PAINTS JADA PINKETT SMITH AS REAL VILLAIN

"They might have been disrespectful, but that's what comedy does. It pokes the bear. It wasn't obscene. It wasn't necessarily hurtful. He was laughing. Will was laughing when this happened. This… was not anything that was uncommon," McDonnell Hosmer argued.

CHRIS ROCK RIDICULES WILL SMITH FOR OSCAR SLAP, POKES FUN AT JADA PINKETT'S 'ENTANGLEMENTS'

"In that moment, I think that trauma resurfaced where he was being a hero to his wife who was broken. It shrouded the reality of the situation. Because the reality of the situation was, he became the abuser, and he was trying to protect his woman from it," she continued.

For Smith, the consequences that followed were shocking. Hollywood's elites took to the internet to give their two cents, and the majority were running to Chris Rock's defense.

Likely to Smith's surprise, the split-second decision that was intended to defend his wife's reputation in turn forever tainted his own.

JOE ROGAN’S CANCEL-PROOF 'COMEDY MOTHERSHIP' CLUB OPENS IN TEXAS, ‘YOU CAN'T FIRE ME FROM MY OWN CLUB!’

Fox News contributor Joe Concha weighed in, arguing that Smith's violent decision was "unprecedented."

"He gets to stay there for the award ceremony and even is up on stage accepting an award later. Anybody else, at least any regular citizen, would have been arrested at that point for battery. But I don't think the Oscar organizers knew what to do in that moment because there was no playbook for this. It was unprecedented," Concha said during his guest appearance on "Who is Will Smith?"

Fox Nation's new special provides subscribers with an in-depth breakdown of the befuddled A-lister's historic career, along with spotlighting his heavily denounced relationship with Jada Pinkett Smith.

CLICK HERE TO GET FOX NATION"Outnumbered" panelists took aim at Pulitzer Prize winner Jerry Saltz after his recent Instagram post urging his followers to "shun" Republicans.

"If you know anyone who voted Republican – including friends and family – you should shun them. No need to even tell them that you are no longer communicating with them or why. You owe it to yourself, to them, your country, and any idea of moral damage," Saltz wrote. "And yes, they want to bring back lynching. The Long American Night."

Panelists were shocked Wednesday by Saltz’s comments, which came as part of an attempt to call out alleged hypocrisy by Republican Tennessee Gov. Bill Lee over a photo from his 1977 yearbook. Numerous liberal media outlets have circulated the photo of Lee, where he wore a wig, cheerleader uniform and a pearl necklace, and objected to him signing a bill banning drag shows that can be seen by children.

Co-host Kayleigh McEnany called Saltz's claims "insane."

"This is crazy talk," she said Wednesday. "We've gotten to a place in society where it's politics over faith, politics over friends, and now politics over family."

McEnany said politics should never come above those values and explained that she has many friendships with Democrats whom she loves.

Emily Compagno said the only word that came to mind after reading his comment was "preposterous."

Compagno noted that Saltz, as a published writer and Pulitzer Prize winner, is in a position of influence.

BIDEN ISSUES CALL FOR UNITY AFTER INSULTING GOP AS ‘FISCALLY DEMENTED’

"You would think that he would take it a little more seriously because the effect is real," she said.

Lawrence Jones, host of "Lawrence Jones Cross Country," argued Saltz likely doesn’t spend much time with people across the aisle. Jones often speaks with everyday Americans around the country about pressing issues and their top concerns.

"The grievances of both middle America and urban America, especially the poor working class both, they're pretty much the same," he said. "And I always say if I could ever get them all in a room together, they’ll realize that they hate the same people. They're upset with government. They feel let down."

The problem with the press and people like Saltz, Jones said, is that they don’t sit down and have real conversations with everyday people. He said they ultimately end up with "crazy" and polarized views.

Stacy Washington, host of "Stacy on the Right," suggested that the root of the problem is that politics are more frequently being treated as religion or a badge of honor. Politics have become a way to signal to others that you are "righteous" or wrong, she argued.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"It’s nonsensical, and it goes against what the founders left us," Washington said. "They left us a republic where we're represented, where we can live our lives together in peace and disagree about things and come together on some issues and divide on others."

"We don't do that anymore. All we do is say, ‘oh, red. Oh, blue’ and divide," she said. "That's just crazy."Laura Ingraham speaks on Colin Kaepernick's resurfacing to promote a project he co-authored on "The Ingraham Angle."

LAURA INGRAHAM: Just when you thought you'd heard the last of the NFL quarterback, Colin Kaepernick, he resurfaces to promote yet another groundbreaking project that he co-authored…

Nothing wrong with that at all. Everyone should take pride in their background and who they are. After all, Kaepernick himself led a charmed life. Adopted at 5-weeks-old by parents who, by his own account, loved and supported him.

COLIN KAEPERNICK ACCUSES HIS WHITE ADOPTIVE PARENTS OF ‘PROBLEMATIC’ UPBRINGING, PERPETUATING RACISM

An upper middle-class upbringing in California. Nice house, nice community. A top athlete in school, both baseball and football — probably could have played in the major leagues. His parents sacrificed to make sure that he had every opportunity to succeed.

And he reached the pinnacle all the way to the Super Bowl for the 49ers, but the moment he decided to take a knee to protest police brutality, Kaepernick found himself a career that provided better pay and more job security than anything it ever does on the football field.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

De facto president of Racial Victimology Inc., he was the perfect vessel into which the media and America-hating leftists could pour their enthusiastic support.RuPaul, a celebrity drag star and name behind the show "RuPaul’s Drag Race," claimed that drag queens were on the front lines of the culture wars in an Instagram video Wednesday.

"Drag queens are the Marines of the queer movement," RuPaul said, appearing to speak in front of an American flag background.

The video has gone viral online, racking up over 127,000 likes in under 24 hours. RuPaul himself has a massive social media following, with more than 4.4 million followers on Instagram alone.

GRAPHIC DRAG SHOW FOR BABIES FEATURING NEARLY NAKED MEN, BONDAGE, OUTRAGES TWITTER: 'ABSOLUTELY ABHORRENT'

RuPaul, born RuPaul Andre Charles, also called on Americans to make their voices heard by the government.

"Don’t get it twisted and don’t be distracted. Register to vote so we can get these stunt queens out of office and put some smart people with real solutions into government. And by the way, a social media post has never been as powerful as a registered vote."

The drag star argued that politicians were attempting to distract Americans away from the "real issues" in public life.

"A classic distraction technique, distracting us away from the real issues that they were voted into office to focus on: jobs, healthcare, keeping our children safe from harm at their own school," RuPaul said.

"But we know that bullies are incompetent at solving real issues," he continued.

"They look for easy targets so they can give the impression of being effective. They think our love, our light, our laughter and our joy are signs of weakness. But they’re wrong because that is our strength," RuPaul said, speaking directly to fans.

TENNESSEE BECOMES FIRST STATE TO BAN DRAG SHOWS ON PUBLIC PROPERTY, NEAR SCHOOLS

RuPaul's video exhortation follows closely on news that Tennessee Gov. Bill Lee, a Republican, signed legislation this month to restrict drag shows and ban gender transition treatment for minors.

Tennessee previously had restrictions in place against "adult-oriented businesses" in the state.

Some drag queens supported RuPaul in the comment section.

Drag star Karl Sanchez, who goes by the stage name Nicky Doll, said that RuPaul’s post was "Clear and simple! Thank you icon."

Tina Burner, who appeared on season 13 of "RuPaul’s Drag Race," also thanked RuPaul for his post.

RuPaul isn’t the only celebrity to speak out publicly on the drag queen debate.

"Bridesmaids" actress Melissa McCarthy sparked controversy on Instagram after she also defended drag queens in a post that claimed Americans have "been entertained by drag queens" for their entire lives.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Don't pretend it's a problem now," the post read.Gov. Kathy Hochul, D-N.Y., threatened the Walgreens Corporation during a CNN interview on Friday, claiming that if the drugstore chain pulled the abortion drug mifepristone from pharmacy shelves in New York there would be "consequences."

Hochul’s words came about a week after the company announced it would not be providing the abortifacient through its pharmacies in over 20 states.

The drugstore chain’s decision occurred after 20 Republican state attorneys general sent the company a letter warning that using the mail to distribute abortion pills throughout the U.S. may be a violation of law. Missouri AG Andrew Bailey, who has led the effort, insisted that he and his GOP colleagues will "use every tool at our disposal to uphold the law."

FDA TO PERMIT SOME RETAIL PHARMACIES TO DISPENSE ABORTION PILLS

"CNN This Morning" anchor Don Lemon featured Hochul as a guest on the show to comment on Walgreens' decision. Lemon prefaced the governor’s appearance by reading a letter she and New York Attorney General Letitia James composed Thursday urging major drugstore chains to keep distributing the drug in their state.

The letter read, "Even as access to this medication is under threat elsewhere for political reasons, we remind you that New York’s law is simple: Abortion is legal and protected as a fundamental right under state law and there are no legal barriers to dispensing mifepristone in New York pharmacies."

Lemon began the discussion by asking Hochul why she urged Walgreens and other chains to keep distributing abortion pills if "abortion is legal in New York."

Hochul responded that she’s leaning into the political fight over these drugs.

She declared, "We have to because basically pharmacies have become the new battleground ever since women’s rights were stripped in the overturning of Roe v. Wade last June. So we want to make sure we send a preemptive message that despite the threats that you are seeing receiving from Republican attorneys general, that here in states like New York these rights are protected."

Hochul added, "We’re gonna go to the mat and protect them every inch of the way, and if they try to suspend the distribution of this important drug to women in the state of New York, there will be consequences."

THUNE, LANKFORD PRESSURE DEMS TO PROTECT BABIES WHO SURVIVE BOTCHED ABORTIONS

Lemon followed up with an interesting question, asking the governor if she worries that her move over the abortion pills can be compared to Gov. Ron DeSantis, R-Fla., "influencing how businesses operate" in his legal fight with Disney and other woke corporations. Lemon noted how "Democrats have been very critical" of the Florida governor for his actions.

Hochul completely dismissed the comparison, and portrayed DeSantis’ move as mere political posturing: "There is no comparison. This is not a launch to a political campaign. This has nothing to do with politics. This is basic women’s health care."

She added, "We want people to make sure that they know that this is a sacrosanct right here in the state of New York. It once was in our nation until the Trump-stacked Supreme Court stripped these rights away from women and I want to make sure that despite what happens in other states there is not a distraction. These rights are protected in the state of New York."

Before the interview ended, Lemon invited the New York Governor to respond to a recent criticism of her state made by investor and "Shark Tank" star Kevin O’Leary. Last week O’Leary claimed that New York was "uninvestable" for business because of its high taxes and "punitive" regulatory policies.

"I’m sure you would like to respond to that," Lemon said. Hochul replied with a boast about how "enthusiastic" business leaders are about New York’s future.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

She said, "Oh, boy. I just sat down with major investors and prominent business leaders a couple days ago and they are enthusiastic about the future of New York. New York has always had its ups and downs. We are emerging from a dark time brought forth by the pandemic. That’s it. We are on fire right before the pandemic hit. But there’s no stopping us."Investor and "Shark Tank" star Kevin O’Leary reacted to the fallout of Silicon Valley Bank's collapse after it was shut down by regulators on Friday.

O'Leary told Neil Cavuto on "Your World" the "old-fashioned" reason the bank went to zero was because of its board and management.

The sudden collapse of Silicon Valley Bank (SVB), sent shock waves through the tech industry and stock market Friday, sending tech investors into a frenzy.

The 40-year-old firm was the biggest bank in Silicon Valley and was one of the largest in the United States. Friday's collapse is the largest bank failure since the global financial crisis in 2008, and second biggest in U.S. history.

O'Leary provided insight into the decisions that were made leading up to the bank's meltdown.

SILICON VALLEY BANK SHUT DOWN BY REGULATORS

"The management here bet billions of dollars when we had historically low rates basically sitting under 2%," he said. "They bought long paper and then all of a sudden the Fed jacked up the rates, their cost of borrowing was 4%. They were losing the spread, they were losing 30%. So they bought in all their old debt, lost $2 billion. Assume they can go to the market to raise it. Got a lead order from General Atlantic for half a billion. That's not enough. They were in a quiet period. They're not allowed to talk about it. And every one of our companies was pulling out cash by the millions. And they couldn't even make a comment because they're in a quiet period."

O'Leary described the actions he took Thursday ahead of what was to come.

"The first thing we did in our portfolio, yesterday was to go to all our CEOs and say, what's our exposure to Silicon Valley Bank right now? How much have you gotten out? How much are you leaving in, if any?" he said.

The "Shark Tank" star explained that SVB has long, deep relationships in the venture community. "We're fortunate we were able to get out all of it except $10.1 million," he said. "And that may sound like a lot of money, but in the context of a portfolio, luckily it's not that much. I don't know if we'll ever see that again."

O'Leary said he told all of his portfolio companies that he does not want to see more than 20% of any liquid assets in any one institution.

"People felt that way about Bear Stearns," he added. "They felt that way about Lehman Brothers. Banks blow themselves up all the time because of weak management or management mistakes. This happens. So you need diversification, not just of your holdings in terms of portfolio assets. You need institutional diversification."

O'Leary said that Silicon Valley Bank told many of these startups if they wanted to attract good loans, they had to have all of their deposits with the Silicon Valley Bank.

CLICK TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"So many of these startups, it took down 10, 20, 30 million from venture capitalists like me, put it all in that one bank to attract and get these loans from the Silicon Valley Bank, said O'Leary. "That was the hook they had. I think that should be made illegal. That's a marketing strategy, that force and over-concentration. And I'm sure the regulator will look at that."

O'Leary called the collapse an "absolute mess" and warned that this is an important lesson for every company, not just start-ups and the venture community.Amidst fallout from shocking testimony during a House Foreign Affairs Committee hearing on the Biden administration’s withdrawal of U.S. forces from Afghanistan in 2021, retired U.S. Army Lt. Colonel Scott Mann blasted the Biden administration for abandoning U.S. allies in the war-torn country.

He told CNN on Thursday morning that he believes the White House and others in the administration are trying to act "as if Afghanistan didn’t happen" and claimed they are flat out "ignoring" the U.S. allies and their families who are still trying to get out of the country, which is now under Taliban control.

Rebuking Biden specifically, Mann added his frustrations that the U.S. military fiasco "hasn’t been mentioned in the State of the Union twice now."

BIDEN'S 'POLITICAL' AFGHANISTAN STRATEGY GUTTED US CREDIBILITY, ARMY VET CONGRESSMAN SAYS AS HEARINGS BEGIN

Mann’s criticism of the Biden administration’s handling of Afghanistan came a day after the emotional testimony given to the House committee by him and U.S. Marine Corps Sergeant Tyler Vargas-Andrews about the botched withdrawal that led to the deaths of 13 U.S. service members.

In one of the hearing's most gripping and heartbreaking depictions, Vargas-Andrews described the moment when a suicide bomber detonated his explosive in the middle of the crowd that was trying to evacuate from Kabul airport.

Vargas-Andrews recounted that there was "A flash and a massive wave of pressure. I’m thrown 4 feet onto the ground but instantly knew what had happened. I opened my eyes to Marines dead or unconscious lying around me. A crowd of hundreds immediately vanished in front of me. And my body was catastrophically wounded with 100 to 150 ball bearings now in it."

The Biden administration has defended itself from the anger and criticism prompted by the hearings, putting much of the blame on the previous administration. In a statement given to CNN Wednesday, White House spokesperson for oversight Ian Sams said that the Trump administration "failed to establish an evacuation plan and slowed down processing of special visas for our Afghan allies."

Sams added, "Instead of returning the U.S. to active combat with the Taliban and putting even more of our troops’ lives at risk, President Biden made the tough decision to finally end the 20-year war in Afghanistan, bring our troops home, and safely evacuate tens upon tens of thousands of Americans and Afghan allies."

MCCAUL TARGETS CHINA, AFGHANISTAN WITHDRAWAL AS TOP OVERSIGHT PRIORITIES: ‘I HAVE SUBPOENA POWER’

Mann joined "CNN Newsroom" and anchor Jim Sciutto on Thursday morning to talk about the aftermath of the attack more than a year-and-a-half later, slamming the U.S. government and Biden for trying to act like it "didn’t happen."

He said, "What I’m seeing all around at the leadership levels, particularly institutional leaders in the administration, Congress, the military, and the State Department is, it’s as if Afghanistan didn’t happen. It’s as if the withdrawal didn’t happen. And we’re just moving on. Nothing to see here."

The Army veteran then blasted Biden for not having mentioned the pullout when he had major opportunities to, saying, "And the fact that it hasn’t been mentioned in the State of the Union twice now."

Though Mann insisted it’s not a partisan issue for him: "And again, you know me, this is not a Republican or Democrat issue, this is an American issue. And I think leaders need to acknowledge what happened with the withdrawal and what can we put in place to keep this systemic abandonment of our allies from happening again."

Mann noted that’s the "only way" there can be a "moral recovery" on the issue.

Sciutto then asked the veteran about the "many thousands" of Afghan allies, "who fought behind U.S. Forces" who have been left behind and are now at risk of being targets for the Taliban. He said, "It’s a mess for them and their families to get out," and asked Mann if he believes the administration is "ignoring that problem.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Mann replied, "It’s a great question and I do believe it is starting to look more and more – or at least seem more and more like the administration is ignoring it." Though he mentioned he was "encouraged" seeing both parties engage during Wednesday’s hearing.Virginia's Fairfax County Public Schools district is no stranger to controversy, but this time thedistrict is in hot water over something aside from its controversial curriculum.

According to Parents Defending Education, Thomas Jefferson High School, a nationally-revered STEM school in the district, has received more than $1 million-worth of donations from Chinese-backed groups since 2014.

But some critics have questioned if those funds have been directly funneled into the district's support of critical race theory and related sexual education materials.

Wai Wah Chin, founding president of the Chinese American Citizens Alliance, argued the Chinese donations are an effort to divide the American people against one another on "Fox & Friends First."

STEFANIK PROPOSES LEGISLATION TO LIMIT FEDERAL FUNDING FOR COLLEGES, UNIVERSITIES WITH CHINESE PARTNERSHIPS

"We don't know that there's any direct money going into the programs to teach CRT and trans, although those [are] two items that they're pushing," Chin told Todd Piro Wednesday. "So if you wanted to make your people divided, this is the one way of doing it. When you pit groups against one another in CRT and then for transgender education, you're really separating yourself also… between families."

"Very often it's families pitted against one member against another, so for them to fund this tremendous amount of money, it's astonishing to find out that there was so much money going into your top schools over here," she continued. "It's alarming."

The Thomas Jefferson Partnership Fund (TJPF) began in 2013 to fundraise for the TJHS renovation project., and reportedly received money from three Chinese-affiliated groups over the last decade: Shirble HK, Tsinghua University (Beijing) and the Ameson Foundation through the TJPF.

Parents Defending Education obtained the TJPF’s campaign donor list recently, which showed "all gifts and pledges to the Campaign for TJ as of June 30, 2015, and donations to other funding priorities since the Campaign’s launch in 2013."

TJPF eventually raised more than $8 million by the time the fundraiser ended in December 2017.

Chin noted how Beijing funneling money into the American education system is something that is not new.

She argued Beijing has deployed the tactic historically, using its "soft power" to push its own propaganda initiatives within the confines of American intellectual institutions.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"I think that we have to make a distinction between what is a Chinese culture to the Chinese people and also the party," Chin said. "What the party may be doing may be very contrary to what culturally people want to do. When they take something like the Confucius Institutes, and that's something that used to be much more prevalent at the peak over here in the U.S., there were a hundred Confucius Institutes funded much by the the the Chinese government."

"Their idea was to have soft power to use that kind of funding in our educational institutions to get the people here, our students and the professors to toe a certain line to think of China in a certain way," she continued. "So it's a soft propaganda, which is not really necessarily to our benefit, but to theirs."

Fox News' Gabriel Hays contributed to this report.Fox News foreign correspondent Benjamin Hall revisited his dramatic survival as he and his crew were hit by a missile attack while covering the Russia's invasion of Ukraine one year ago.

Ahead of the March 14 release of his memoir "Saved: A War Reporter's Mission to Make It Home," Hall sat down with Fox News' Sean Hannity Thursday in an exclusive interview on "Hannity" and offered a harrowing account of the missile attack striking his crew's vehicle, which left him severely wounded and killed beloved Fox News photojournalist Pierre Zakrzewski and Ukrainian journalist Oleksandra "Sasha" Kuvshynova.

TUNE IN FRIDAY TO FOX NEWS CHANNEL AT 9 PM ET TO WATCH A FULL HOUR OF SEAN HANNITY'S INTERVIEW WITH BENJAMIN HALL ON ‘HANNITY’!

"We slowed down at an abandoned checkpoint and out of nowhere the first missile came out of nowhere, lands about 30 feet in front of us. Immediately Pierre shouts, 'Reverse the car! Reverse the car!'" Hall told Hannity. "There were two Ukrainians driving as well, and five of us in the car. The car got stuck. We couldn't go back and Pierre shouted, ‘Get out of the car! Everyone get out of the car!’ And the next second, the second bomb hits right in front of the left of the car. And that one, I went black."

"I was in a dark place. I couldn't feel or see. I'd taken shrapnel in the eye and the matchbox-sized shrapnel in my neck. And I was- I was out. I was out dead," Hall continued.

FOX NEWS TO AIR DOCUMENTARY ON BENJAMIN HALL'S REMARKABLE JOURNEY AFTER DEADLY UKRAINE ATTACK

Hall then told Hannity how he heard the voice of his 7-year-old daughter Honor, who was urging him to get out of the car.

"And then I saw my daughter out of nowhere into this blackness. Right in front of me came my daughter, Honor. And she said to me, 'Daddy, you've got to get out of the car.' Real as if she was in front of me. Out of nowhere she came to me," Hall said. "And I came to, and I opened up my eyes and my instinct took me towards the car door. And I scrambled. I pulled myself out, and I got out of the car. And the third bomb hit the car itself right after that."

The next thing he knew, he said, he was thrown from the blast and "on fire," quickly noticing his right leg was gone but not realizing at the time that his left foot was gone as well. His left hand was "all torn up," put back together later by doctors.

"I was lying there, lying there. And Pierre was still alive at this point. And Pierre immediately said, 'Don't move! Russian drones, Russian drones.' So I'm lying there in this barren landscape, trying not to move, trying to think of what we can do," Hall said.

FOX NEWS’ BENJAMIN HALL URGES VIEWERS TO ‘NEVER GIVE UP’ IN EMOTIONAL RETURN TO LIVE TV

His initial instinct was to pull out his cell phone, which he noted had no reception, and record what he was seeing, and he began taking photos of his injuries.

"I immediately thought, 'Well, my children can't see this. If I don't come home, that can't be the last picture that perhaps they see.' So still sitting there, I deleted them immediately," Hall told Hannity. "But we lay there for a while longer. And Pierre again, who was lying about 5 feet away from me or so, just lying there. He said, ‘The Russians, the Russians.’"

Hall recalled trying to wave down a passing car, which did not stop. Zakrzewski insisted it was the Russians.

"And I said it doesn't matter. I'm so badly injured. I've got to go," Hall told Hannity.

In addition to Hannity's interview, Fox News will air a special documentary on March 19, "Sacrifice and Survival: A Story From the Front Line," which tells Hall's remarkable story.

"Sacrifice and Survival: A Story From the Front Line" will feature, for the first time, the details of Hall’s harrowing extraction from Ukraine and the difficult recovery that followed.

BENJAMIN HALL SURPRISES FOX NEWS COLLEAGUES WITH MOVING WORDS SIX MONTHS AFTER DEADLY UKRAINE ATTACK

Hall was located and evacuated out of Ukraine to Landstuhl Regional Medical Center within 48 hours of the attack with the help of the nonprofit organization Save Our Allies and the Department of Defense, including Secretary Lloyd Austin and then-Pentagon press secretary John Kirby, along with Fox News executives and chief national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Hall was eventually transferred to Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio, Texas, where he spent six months with doctors rebuilding his body before returning home to his family in London last August.

Since the attack, Hall has been through roughly 30 surgeries, lost a leg on one side and a foot on the other, and also no longer has function of a hand and one eye.

"You know, I look at my injuries and I don't worry about them one bit, because I'm here with my family," Hall recently told PEOPLE in a touching feature.

Fox News' Brian Flood contributed to this report.Fox News host Sean Hannity reacted to Matt Taibbi's testimony at a House hearing on the weaponization of the federal government on "Hannity."

SEAN HANNITY: Now, that is sadly the FBI putting their thumb on the scale of a presidential election. They were indoctrinating and basically training people in Big Tech. They had weekly meetings with them. Oh, that they're going to be victims of a disinformation campaign that never happened. And by the way, they did something else in 2016 that was called the Russia hoax. And they did it again in the fall of 2020 with a censorship disinformation campaign against what was the very real reports about Hunter Biden and his laptop from hell.

HUNTER BIDEN, AN OBAMA AMBASSADOR AND CHINESE BUSINESSMAN: A ‘VERY GOOD RELATIONSHIP’

A laptop, by the way, that your FBI had since December of 2019, and they easily could have verified probably in 48 hours. Now, today's hearing featured two journalists who revealed Twitter's past role in this censorship campaign, including a reporter by the name of Matt Taibbi, who, by the way, I will tell you is not a fan of mine, actually wrote a very negative book about yours truly. I got over it. He's not a fan of Donald Trump, not a fan of mine. He's definitely not a Republican. He's not a conservative. But what he uncovered at Twitter, it does transcend politics.

…

Now, what [Taibbi] is describing is a massive, major abuse of power between big tech and, of course, unelected government bureaucrats. Now, this was uncovered by journalists on this program, reporters at the New York Post and others like Matt Taibbi and Bari Weiss. But as it turns out, Democrats, they don't actually like journalists or journalism, even though they kiss their ass every single day. I don't really know why. They are an extension of the Democratic Party in most cases, unless, of course, it advances their obsessive-compulsive- I hate Trump. I hate conservative narrative. So at today's hearing, instead of listening to the witnesses and investigating what is a blatant, clear abuse of power, it is transparent. This power is at the executive branch of government. Well, Democrats, well, they started berating Matt Taibbi. Maybe he'll like me more anyway and started questioning this guy's character and background because they didn't like what he was saying.

…

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Anyway, for most of the hearing – the serious part is the Democrats barely let the witness get a word out, browbeating them for daring to investigate anything not related to their beloved Russia hoax. And now they want all of Elon Musk's communications and emails. Why? Because he allowed the country to see what was actually happening? actually, that would make him a hero in my eyes for being transparent.Virginia Gov. Glenn Youngkin defended the state's policies on school bathrooms and sports on Thursday following a question from a transgender student.

Youngkin's administration rewrote the state's policies on transgender youths at public schools in September, requiring students to use bathrooms, locker rooms and join sports teams based on their sex at birth, not their gender identity.

The policy updates also include forbidding students from changing their names and preferred pronouns at public schools without the consent of their parents.

During the audience Q&A section of Thursday's CNN town hall, a 17-year-old transgender student, who went only by the name "Nico," asked Youngkin about these policies.

YOUNGKIN SAYS VIRGINIANS SHOULD OWN 'RICH AND VIBRANT' FARMLAND, NOT THE CCP: 'THAT'S COMMON SENSE'

"Look at me. I am a transgender man," Nico said. "Do you really think the girls in my high school would feel comfortable sharing a restroom with me?"

Youngkin replied by first thanking the student for attending the event and engaging in the critical discussion.

"I believe first that when parents are engaged with their children, then you can make good decisions together, and I met your dad, and I'm glad that you're both here together — it's really, really important," he said.

Youngkin then said that many students are involved in this decision and noted the importance of accommodating students, highlighting the need for more school bathrooms, including gender-neutral lavatories.

"People can use the bathroom that they in fact are comfortable with," he added.

FEDERAL APPEALS COURT BACKS FLORIDA SCHOOL DISTRICT THAT BLOCKED TRANSGENDER STUDENT FROM USING BOYS BATHROOM

Youngkin then gave a significantly more definitive answer to transgender men and women competing in sports.

"I think sports are very clear and I don't think it's controversial. I don't think biological boys should be playing sports with biological girls," he said. "There's been decades of efforts in order to gain opportunities for women in sports. And it's just not fair. And I think that's non-controversial and something that is pretty well understood."

As Youngkin responded, Nico's father could be seen in the audience shaking his head.

FEMALE SWIMMER WHO TIED LIA THOMAS SLAMS TRANSGENDER SPORTS POLICY: TAKING WOMEN 'BACK TO THE 1970S'

Youngkin previously defended his state policies on CNN in October when he told Jake Tapper, "Let me begin with these basic principles, which is first, parents have a fundamental right to be engaged in their children's lives. And oh, by the way, children have a right to have parents engaged in their lives. We needed to fix a wrong. The previous administration had had a policy that excluded parents and, in fact, particularly didn't require the involvement of parents. And let's be clear — parents have this right and children don't belong to the state, they belong to families."

Tapper pressed the Republican governor on whether the policies would actually exclude parents who are supportive of their child using facilities or joining sports teams based on gender identity and not biological sex.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Certainly not. If parents actually want their child to be able to change a pronoun or their name or use a bathroom, if parents choose that, then legally that's what the schools will do. With regards to sports teams, this is a different issue," Youngkin responded.

Fox News' Emma Colton contributed to this report.The co-hosts of "The View" on Thursday clashed over Democratic California Gov. Gavin Newsom's call to cut ties with Walgreens over its refusal to sell abortion pills in certain states depending on regulations, as Alyssa Farah Griffin argued the California governor had the "wrong target."

Farah Griffin and co-host Whoopi Goldberg went back and forth over the hot topic towards the end of the segment as Farah Griffin repeatedly insisted Newsom should not be targeting a private company.

"You’re targeting a company for following state laws," she said. Goldberg pushed back and said, "No, then I didn't say it right."

"Twenty attorney generals… wrote to Walgreens and said, 'Don't sell this. This is why you shouldn’t do that.' So now Walgreens makes a decision, after they’re told this is what they told you is not necessarily true by the Biden administration," Goldberg said.

WALGREENS UNDER FIRE FOR SAYING IT WON'T SELL ABORTION PILLS IN 20 STATES: ‘THANKS REPUBLICANS’

Goldberg referenced several letters sent to Walgreens and CVS by 20 Republican state attorneys general that warn the companies their plan to distribute abortion pills through the mail might violate state and federal laws.

"I just think his target is the attorney generals, though," Farah Griffin responded. "Walgreens has to bear the brunt of this social cause?"

Goldberg said, "Yes." Co-host Sunny Hostin added that Newsom has the power to make corporations be "good corporate citizens."

"I think this is the wrong target by Gov. Newsom," Farah Griffin said earlier in the segment. She added, "Walgreens is following a state law. His issue is with the state law. I don't think we should be targeting a private company for following a state law. Take it up with Texas if you think that abortion pills should be provided."

"And I would note, every company that sells, whether it’s Plan B or in this case, mifepristrone, I believe is the pill that they use, CVS is going to run into this. Amazon is going to run into it. You can’t target the companies. And Gavin Newsom has made a name for himself after going after [Florida Gov.] Ron DeSantis, and actually I think rightfully, for targeting Disney," she continued.

THE MEDIA'S CORPORATE WARFARE — DESANTIS VS. DISNEY, NEWSOM VS. WALGREENS

Farah Griffin added that this was "more egregious" because Walgreens is following state laws.

Co-host Joy Behar argued that the drugstore chain should respond to the AG's warnings by refusing to sell Viagra pills.

"Somebody has to stick up for the women and he’s doing that. Thank goodness we have somebody like that. I agree the government should not be involved in the decisions a pharmacy makes. Walgreens should just say, ‘Well, you don’t want us to sell birth control pills or abortion pills, we’re not going to sell Viagra pills, either.’ Then you’ll see some action. When these men can’t get their blue pill, to keep functioning with their young wives," Behar said.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Newsom tweeted Monday that California would no longer do business with Walgreens.

"California won't be doing business with @walgreen -- or any company that cowers to the extremists and puts women's lives at risk. We're done," Newsom said.The mother of the "QAnon Shaman" arrested in connection with the January 6 Capitol riot proclaimed her son's innocence after House Speaker Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., shared videotape with "Tucker Carlson Tonight" from that day – some of which shows Jacob Chansley walking through the Capitol unimpeded by law enforcement.

"What has it been like – that is an awful thing to say, it is horrible," Martha Chansley told "Tucker Carlson Tonight."

When asked how she feels to know the United States government and President Biden's administration "hid evidence" that may be considered exculpatory in his case, wherein he was charged with several crimes including civil disorder, obstruction of a proceeding, violent entry, disorderly conduct in a Capitol building, and parading, Chansley said it is very "upsetting."

"It should have come out two years ago. That [video] should have come out two years ago. He's he's an innocent man. Everything that [Jacob] said that he did is true -- That he walked through open doors. He was escorted through the halls of the Senate."

EX-LAWYER FOR QANON SHAMAN SAYS JAN 6 FOOTAGEWASNT SHOWN TO CLIENT

Jacob Chansley, who famously went shirtless and donned face paint and a horned hat while carrying an American flag on the day Congress certified President Biden's election victory, was portrayed as the leader of pro-Trump rioters who violently attacked Capitol Police officers and defaced the Capitol Building.

Chansley said her son was peaceably escorted by law enforcement in part because he had offered to help them after witnessing others inside the building.

Jacob Chansley was ultimately sentenced to 41 months, or about 3 and a half years, in prison, according to documents from the District of Columbia U.S. Attorney's office.

TUCKER CARLSON RELEASES EXCLUSIVE JAN. 6 FOOTAGE, SAYS POLITICANS, MEDIA LIED ABOUT SICKNICK, ‘QANON SHAMAN’

The Chansleys' new attorney, William Shipley, criticized former counsel Albert Watkins – who appeared with Carlson earlier this week-- saying that the defendant did not have a lot of post-conviction options.

"The plea agreement that Albert Watkins talked him into signing waived all of his appeal rights. So he had no opportunity to go to the [District of Columbia] Circuit Court of Appeals to raise any issues connected to his conviction," Shipley said.

CLICK TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"It was an unconscionable plea agreement. I've done this for 35 years. I recognized it immediately what Watkins had done wrong. Watkins had to plead guilty before the government was even willing to say it had produced all the video. The government in August of 2021 was still telling judges, 'We haven't been able to get all of the evidence to the defense lawyers, so please don't set a trial date'."

Watkins had called Jacob Chansley's prison sentence a "tragedy" and a "dagger at the heart of our American justice system."

Fox News' Joseph Wulfsohn contributed to this report.A recently discovered Politico banned word list sent to staffers in 2022 revealed that the outlet has been policing what language its writers may publish especially concerning transgender issues.

The outlet has instructed its editors and writers to avoid words such as "mankind," "manhunt," and even terms like "biological male" and "biological female" in order to avoid "elevating transphobic voices."

The list, which was proposed in an internal memo in January 2022, also banned other words that could be deemed politically incorrect, such as "Anchor baby," and "Peanut gallery" – the latter being offensive because it was originally a reference to "the cheapest seats often occupied by Black people and people with low incomes."

GREG GUTFELD: STANFORD UNIVERSITY IS NOW THE PLACE FOR LANGUAGE CASTRATION

Spectator World reporter Amber Athey revealed this banned word list from Politico in a report Monday, indicating that it was part of an internal company initiative started in the last couple years so the outlet could avoid "elevating transphobic voices."

Athey described how, "after several complaints within the company of its own reporting on trans issues and a 2021 seminar featuring "three transgender individuals charged with helping the newsroom learn to report on transgender issues," "radical views on gender permeated the newsroom more generally."

Then, "A few weeks after the transgender seminar, Politico appointed a new standards editor to oversee the tone of editorial content. Anita Kumar, a former White House correspondent, was made senior editor for standards and ethics," Athey reported.

After the new addition to its team, Politico sent out its style guide. The Spectator author described it, saying, "A style guide sent to staff in January 2022 reads more like a game of Media Matters mad libs than a document for journalists. It suggested some noninclusive words that Politico reporters should avoid using in their work."

Athey provided style guide’s list of banned words. It included "Mankind, Man-made, Manhunt," and "Crack the whip," spelling out that the latter is "unacceptable because of origins in slavery."

STANFORD UNIVERSITY GUIDE TO ELIMINATE ‘HARMFUL LANGUAGE’ RIDICULED: ‘IT’S ALL ABOUT THE STATUS OF VICTIMHOOD'

It also listed "Waiter" and "waitress," noting that "server should be used instead."

The list continued: "Biological gender, biological sex, biological woman, biological female, biological man, or biological male, Illegal immigrant or illegal alien." It advised against using "Cake walk" too, claiming the term "’originated during slavery’ and thus perpetuates ‘racist motifs.’"

Politico’s guide also banned words "In reference to illegal migration" such as "onslaught, tidal wave, flood, inundation, surge, invasion, army, march, sneak and stealth."

"Anchor baby" was advised against, as well as "Chain migration," because it is "a term used by ‘immigration hard-liners,’" Politico claimed.

Lastly the list banned "Peanut gallery: ‘the cheapest seats often occupied by Black people and people with low incomes’" and "Third-world countries," calling the term "derogatory."

Athey wrote, "The guide also warned that reporters should not say that a transgender person ‘identifies as’ a certain gender, or describe the current situation at the border as a ‘crisis.’"

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

In addition, the guide provided direction on pro-life coverage. Athey claimed it warned reporters "not to use ‘pro-choice’ or ‘pro-life’ outside of quoted material and instead use ‘abortion rights,’ ‘abortion rights supporter’ or ‘anti-abortion.’"

She added, "’When describing abortion issues,’ the guide explained, ‘consider using gender-neutral language like ‘people who seek abortions’ or ‘patients who seek abortions’ rather than ‘women who seek abortions,’ as there are non-female-identifying people who are able to become pregnant.’"

Lastly, the list advised staffers on race coverage, saying "Unlike Black, white should not be capitalized in any instances."The star of the upcoming film "Southern Gospel" shared how portraying one man's story of turning his life around for God changed his own life as well.

Emmy-nominated actor Max Ehrich spoke with Fox News Digital ahead of the faith-based film's March 10 release, which is based on the true story of Samuel Allen, a 1960s rock star who was given a second chance to overcome his past.

"'Southern Gospel' is a story about redemption. It’s a story about someone who faces obstacles and overcomes them in a very beautiful way. This film is not just rainbows and butterflies all the time. It gets gritty at times, I think that really drew me to this character and this role," Ehrich said in a phone conversation.

DISNEY STAR SHARES CHRISTIAN FAITH AT KIDS CHOICE AWARDS: ‘THERE’S A VERY REAL GOD WHO LOVES YOU'

Ehrich's character finds himself in jail after years of struggling with "anger and blame" towards organized religion. But a moment of mercy turns his life around.

"In a moment of divine intervention, the judge dismisses drug charges against him under the pretense that Samuel speaks to local schools and churches about the dangers of drugs. Given a second chance, he follows in his father's footsteps to become a preacher, overcoming the influence of a powerful church leader with a personal vendetta against his family," the film's press release explains.

Ehrich said his faith was "deeply impacted" while preparing for and portraying the challenging role.

"I don’t think I’m the same person that I am now that I was before [I made the movie]," he revealed.

CHRISTIAN REVIVAL IS NO ACCIDENT, SAYS HISPANIC EVANGELICAL LEADER: ‘GOD IS IN CHARGE’

The actor described how he studied the Bible and found ways to relate to his character to prepare for the role and "do [it] justice." In a separate interview, he revealed he was actually baptized on set.

"It was a very demanding role," he recalled. "My character goes through a lot, a range of emotion that really challenged me which is exactly what I love. Those are the kind of projects that I’m always keen to want to be a part of."

In "Southern Gospel," Ehrich's character's faith is tested when he struggles with drug addiction, family problems and disagreements with the church. But Ehrich said the film's message points to the grace of God and forgiveness.

"What [Allen] really stands for is we’re all sinners, we all have our flaws but the grace of God is really about forgiveness and about love towards ourselves, towards others, not judgment," he added.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Faith-based entertainment has had a revival in the culture as of late, with the massively successful Biblical drama "The Chosen" releasing its series finale in theaters and Christian film "The Jesus Revolution" winning rave reviews.

Recently "The Chosen" fans crashed a movie website while attempting to buy tickets to see the series three finale on the big screen.

"The Jesus Revolution" also performed miracles at the box office, taking in more than double the estimated amount of ticket sales its opening weekend.

Ehrich speculated audiences are flocking to these faith-based projects lately in part because they are seeking hope and light coming out of the COVID-19 pandemic.

"I feel like we’re coming out of a very interesting time in society. I think everyone’s faith and humanity was tested with the pandemic and so I feel like people are more drawn to projects that give more hope and give more light," he said.

While he said that message has always been relevant, it's become even more appealing now.

"I do think that we’re in a time right now where people want that hope and people want to be inspired. So I do think now is the perfect time for projects like ‘Southern Gospel’ and ‘Jesus Revolution’ to be coming out," he told Fox News Digital.The investigation into the Murdaugh family is far from over as Buster Murdaugh, the surviving son of convicted killer Alex Murdaugh, faces new public scrutiny over the death of a high school classmate in 2015.

On Friday, the lead prosecutor in the Murdaugh double murder trial vowed to go down "every single rabbit hole" involving the family after attorneys for Alex filed a notice of appeal with the state of South Carolina.

"⁠⁠[This] is something that's very unique, but we're very committed to looking, going down every single rabbit hole there is in this case," prosecutor Creighton Waters said on "America's Newsroom." "It's important for the system as a whole."

BUSTER MURDAUGH UNDER INTENSE SCRUTINY AFTER ALEX MURDAUGH'S GUILTY VERDICT

During the six-week trial, Buster took the stand and testified in his father's defense before Alex was ultimately convicted of murdering his 52-year-old wife, Maggie, and 22-year-old son, Paul. He was sentenced to two consecutive life sentences.

Since his father's conviction, 26-year-old Buster has come under scrutiny over the 2015 death of his 19-year-old high school classmate, Stephen Smith , who was killed in what police initially described as hit-and-run, just miles from the Murdaugh family's hunting estate. The case has been reopened.

ALEX MURDAUGH SUICIDE-FOR-HIRE HITMAN CURTIS ‘EDDIE’ SMITH COULD BE KEY PLAYER IN NEXT TRIAL

Attorney Eric Bland, who represented the children of the Murdaughs' late housekeeper, Gloria Satterfield — who died in the Murdaugh home in 2018 — described the Murdaugh family's "long-rumored involvement" in Smith's death on "Fox & Friends" on Sunday.

"He was found in the middle of a country road in Hampton County, and… the highway department said he was hit by a car, but there was no broken glass, no car parts," Bland told co-host Pete Hegseth. "His clothes were intact, his shoes were on, and he had… a clear head trauma injury that looked like it was done by something other than a car."

An investigation into the 19-year-old's death remains active and ongoing.

Waters said Friday that while he cannot comment on further investigations, the Murdaugh case is "a very large investigation with a lot of different angles to it."

Alex Murdaugh also admitted to some of his alleged financial crimes during his double murder trial.

Water said each of these events have "their own importance," stressing Alex Murdaugh is presumed innocent and deserves a fair trial on each incident.

Nonetheless, Waters emphasized the events in the web of scandal surrounding the family point to "systemic issues that go to influence and corruption of a law license."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"There are victims there who deserve a voice as well. So we plan to pursue those because they have a larger issue than just Alex Murdaugh," he said.

"This case is about Maggie and Paul foremost, but there's also aspects of the system being manipulated by someone with this outsized influence, and we plan to address that."

Fox News' Audrey Conklin, Adam Sabes, David Lewkowict and Bailee Hill contributed to this report.HBO's "The Last of Us," a post-apocalyptic show based on the video game that was first released nearly a decade ago, depicted a Christian preacher as a crazed cannibal villain in the most recent episode.

The group is led by a man named David, a Christian preacher, and also includes James and Troy, the latter of whom cites Bible verses to support his cannibalistic actions. David, the show's evil preacher, even attempts to rape a young girl, Ellie, the protagonist, and cites a Bible verse as justification for doing so.

The pop culture site Bounding Into Comics, contrasted the show with the popular video game the series is based on: "The game’s characterization of the two cannibals simply depicts them as unhinged but resilient-in-the-face-of-the-apocalypse psychopaths, HBO’s live-action adaptation opted to provide some additional and unnecessary context to the characters’ backstories."

APPARENT EDITING ERROR IN ‘LAST OF US’ TV SHOW RIPPED BY VIEWERS: ‘HBO EDITORS ARE ALWAYS SLACKING’

Verse 1 John 4:18, "There is no fear in love" is the part of the Bible the preacher cites for his sexual assault.

Twitter user Angelo complained about the most recent episode, saying, "Tonight’s episode of The Last of Us was one of the best this season. Pretty faithful to the game. But I did have one gripe with it: why make the town leader a crazy Christian? That trope is so burnt out and hollow. It was so forced and pointless too."

The HBO series also features a number of gay characters. Star Bella Ramsey recently told GQ that viewers should just "get used to it," saying, "I know people will think what they want to think. But they're gonna have to get used to it. If you don't want to watch the show because it has gay storylines, because it has a trans character, that's on you, and you're missing out."

STEPHEN SPIELBERG WARNS AI ‘TERRIFIES' HIM: ‘IT WILL BE THE TWILIGHT ZONE

The issue of possible anti-religious bias recently sparked heated debate during a contentious hearing on Capitol Hill. Sen. Josh Hawley, R-Mo., confronted Attorney General Merrick Garland over what he alleged was an "anti-Catholic bias" in the Justice Department after a pro-life family had their home raided by the FBI.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

There have been nearly 300 attacks on Catholic churches since May 2020, ranging from vandalism to arson.Texas rancher Debi Douglas spoke out Thursday about the escalating danger at the border after four Americans were kidnapped, and two killed, by a cartel in Mexico.

Douglas’ ranch is located in Brownsville, a city that sits along the Mexico border adjacent to Matamoros, where the kidnapping took place.

Douglas said on "Fox & Friends First" that living conditions in her area are only getting worse, and she doesn’t believe anything will improve even if the cartel members are arrested.

"The Mexican government is afraid of the cartel," she reasoned. "If Biden does not do something, this is going to come more into our country."

Douglas said the community is largely unaware of the severity of the danger, and she believes the two individuals killed in Mexico didn’t take the threat "to heart" when they traveled across the border.

Douglas said she believes it’s only a "matter of time" before cartels attempt to take over border towns in her state.

"And unless we do something, everybody had better get ready," she told co-hosts Todd Piro and Ashley Strohmier.

The Biden administration has called the death of Americans "unacceptable" and said U.S. officials will work with the Mexican government to pursue justice.

Douglas, however, said the Democratic administration’s plan to address the problem is a "joke."

"The Mexican government is either partially paid off by the cartels or they fear the cartels. So the fact that Biden is saying he's going to work with them is absolutely a joke and an insult to the American people," she said.

"Our administration is never going to wake up," Douglas said, arguing that Biden does not care about the American people. "He's a puppet, and he has been protected in this country. And with him not in turn protecting the people of this country, he basically is a traitor."

She called Biden a "weak" individual and said she believes he wants "all these illegals" to enter the country. Douglas claimed Democrats want to allow illegal immigrants to vote to keep the party in power.

"If the border was even shut down today, we have an extreme problem with the illegals that are already in this country," she said. "They are a lot of criminals, that's been proven. There's child molesters. There's murderers."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"It's going to take the FBI, the CIA, ICE, everybody. Number one, shut the borders and then let's get on this. Let's deport them all," Douglas said.

Douglas said she’s "more vigilant" now in protecting herself following the kidnapping of Americans.

"I've always been vigilant since the illegals have been pouring in," she said.

"All we can do is be armed and protect."Hollywood icon and far-left activist Jane Fonda suggested abortion-seeking women shouldn’t abide by laws and could even resort to "murder" in order to have control of their bodies on Friday during a wild appearance on "The View."

"We have experienced many decades now of having agency over our body, of being able to determine when and how many children to have. We know what that feels like, we know what that’s done for our lives," Fonda said. "We’re not going back, I don’t care what the laws are. We're not going back."

Co-host Sonny Hostin smiled as she said, "That’s the activist," and co-host Joy Behar was heard responding, "That’s Jane."

"She probably will get a Nobel Prize," Hostin said.

"It’s the truth, it is the truth," Fonda said. "We’re gonna fight."

Behar then asked the 85-year-old Fonda what can be done aside from "marching" and protesting the overturning of Roe v. Wade by the Supreme Court.

JANE FONDA, 85, ADMITS TO ACCEPTING DATE FROM 90-YEAR-OLD BECAUSE HE OFFERED 'TO PAY ME QUITE A BIT OF MONEY'

"Well, I've thought of murder," Fonda said during cross-talk before her "Grace and Frankie" co-star Lily Tomlin asked her to repeat herself.

"Murder," Fonda said again as the reliably liberal panel burst into laughter.

"She’s just kidding," Behar said hastily, before motioning. "Wait a second… They’ll pick up on that and just run with it. She’s just kidding."

Fonda then gave Behar a long stare that created even more laughter, making it unclear whether Fonda was still joking. Hostin then segued awkwardly to discussing Fonda's activism.

5 WOMEN SUE TEXAS OVER ABORTION BAN, SAYING IT RISKED THEIR LIVES

In a statement to Fox News Digital, Fonda insisted her comments were nothing serious.

"While women’s reproductive rights are a very serious issue and extremely important to me, my comment on The View was obviously made in jest," Fonda told Fox News Digital in a statement. "My body language and tone made it clear to those in the room - and to anyone watching - that I was using hyperbole to make a point."

"Women across the country are facing real threats when it comes to our bodies, and people lose faith in our mission to protect women when others choose to focus on tangential issues and passing jokes instead of the actual problem at hand," Fonda added.

Fonda has long been an outspoken advocate for the far-left, and many veterans of the Vietnam War still refer to her as "Hanoi Jane," recalling Fonda's disastrous trip to North Vietnam in 1972 when she was photographed on an anti-aircraft gun used to shoot down American pilots. The actress has long since apologized for the incident.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Abortion has been at the forefront since the Supreme Court struck down Roe v. Wade last year.

ABC News did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Twelve-time NCAA All-American swimmer Riley Gaines is praising Republicans for putting forward legislation to ban biologically male transgender athletes from competing in women’s sports.

"If you believe in science, you know there is man and woman," Gaines told " America Reports " on Thursday. "To deny that is to deny science, it’s to deny logic, it's to deny reason and, quite frankly, common sense."

The athlete pointed out many leftists have changed their language about women, barring words such as "motherhood" or "breastfeeding."

"We are eradicating women as a whole," she said. "We're changing dictionary definitions. We have a sitting Supreme Court justice who can't define what it is to be a woman because she claims she's not a biologist. I'm also not a biologist, but it doesn't take one to acknowledge what a woman is and the struggles that we go through and we deserve to be celebrated on our own physical limitations."

I AM A 12X NCAA ALL-AMERICAN SWIMMER. FEMALE ATHLETES SHOULD COMPETE ON THE BASIS OF SEX, NOT GENDER

The swimmer ripped a recent court decision saying USA Powerlifting must allow transgender athletes to compete in women’s sports.

"If there's one sport where the difference between male and female in terms of sheer strength and athleticism would shine, it's powerlifting," she explained.

"We know testosterone has an effect on performance, outcome and strength. Men, on average and this is not opinionated, it's a fact, men on average are taller, they're stronger, more powerful, faster than women. Again, to deny that is denying science. We have so much data and scientific evidence that prove this."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Gaines, a spokeswoman for the Independent Women's Forum, is not alone in fighting against men competing in women’s sports.

"I have parents, I have athletic directors, people within the NCAA, of course, so many athletes, both young and old, messaging me, constantly thanking me, telling me their stories, letting me know my story is not unique and telling me to fight on because that's how the overwhelming majority of people who are directly impacted by this feel."

Fox News’ Ryan Morik contributed to this report.EXCLUSIVE – The Washington Elementary School District in Arizona faced a barrage of criticism for terminating a contract with a Christian university immediately after multiple board members chastised the institution's Biblical beliefs, with the state's superintendent alleging it was an example of "prejudice."

The district had the contract in place with Arizona Christian University for five years, enabling their student teachers to be placed in its schools for field experience. The contract opened up opportunities for recruitment and hiring. On Feb. 23, the board agreed on a motion to dissolve the partnership with the Christian university immediately after multiple board members attacked the institution over its "commit[ment] to Jesus Christ," among other matters.

The Arizona State Superintendent of Public Instruction Tom Horne told Fox News Digital he believed it to be an example of "prejudice."

PARENT ELECTED TO SCHOOL BOARD LEAKS SCIENCE CURRICULUM THAT STATES BIOLOGICAL SEX ISN'T BINARY

"There's nothing more outrageous than religious prejudice," he said. "Prejudice of all kinds have been responsible, in my opinion, for almost all of the evil in the history of humankind… I'm Jewish, and there's an old Jewish expression here. ‘He who expects respect, has to give respect.’ And this is an absolutely outrageous violation of people's religious rights."

The board, on the other hand, had told Fox News that it "is committed to creating a welcoming environment for all our students, families, and staff" and that "we recognize the right of individuals to practice their faith, public schools are secular institutions."

The controversy erupted after board member Tamillia Valenzuela's and another board member's comments at a February meeting.

Valenzuela said, "My concern is when I go to Arizona Christian University's website, [they are] ‘committed to Jesus Christ, accomplishing his will and advancements on earth as in Heaven.’"

"At some point, we need to get real with ourselves and take a look at who we're making legal contracts with and the message that is sending to our community. Because that makes me feel like I could not be safe in this school district ," she said.

Valenzuela describes herself on the district's website as "a bilingual, disabled, neurodivergent Queer Black Latina… who loves a good hot wing (but only with the right ranch) and things that sparkle." She also frequently wears cat ears.

"I want to know how bringing [teachers] from an institution that is ingrained in their values so directly brings impact to three of your board members who are a part of the LGBT community."

"Because if we're bringing people in whose mission [has]… been with their institution's education that very plainly on their website... that above all else, it was to influence people to [be] Biblically-minded. How does that hold space for people of other faiths? How does that hold space for our members of the LGBT community? How does that hold space for people who think differently and do not have the same beliefs?" she asked.

ALASKA BOARD MEMBERS BRAWL OVER SILENCING DAD EXPOSING BOOK ON KINKS AND SEXTING: 'I'M GOING TO INTERRUPT YOU'

Arizona State Senator Anthony Kern, R., blasted Valenzuela during a meeting, and said, "Valenzuela is impugning the motives of teachers with certain religious beliefs. This is absolute discrimination… This ideology puts America's First-Amendment rights in jeopardy."

School board member Kyle Clayton also blasted the university for "teaching with a Biblical lens."

"I, too, echo what Ms. Valenzuela said when I… looked into not only their core values, but the statement of faith… [which they] ask their students to sign and live by," he said. "Proselytizing is embedded into how they teach. And I just don't believe that that belongs in schools."

SCHOOL LIBRARIAN PRIVATELY DEFENDS PORNOGRAPHIC BOOK ON 'SEX PARTIES' BY INVOKING HOLY BIBLE: 'SLIPPERY SLOPE'

The board previously told Fox News that their decision "was based on the board’s commitment to create a safe place for our LGBTQ+ students, staff, and community," which "includes not knowingly entering into partnerships with any organization that explicitly discriminates against protected classes covered by our nondiscrimination policies."

When Fox News followed up asking for evidence of supposed "explici[t]" discrimination, the president of the board Nikkie Gomez-Whaley said they were declining to provide any further comments.

The university released a statement to Fox News Digital that it's exploring its options.

"The school board’s recent decision to ban ACU students from serving as student teachers was done for one reason only: our university’s commitment to our Christian convictions. That’s wrong, it’s unlawful, and it will only hurt the district’s students," ACU President Len Munsil said.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Religious liberty and freedom of conscience are bedrock American principles. We are exploring our options to defend the rights of our students."Democrats are pushing back on President Biden as the administration is reportedly considering detaining migrant families ahead of Title 42's end.

Rep. Nanette Barragán, D-Calif., told ABC News that the possible move was "deeply concerning."

"A just, safe, and humane immigration system should not place families in detention," Barragán said. "We should not return to the failed policies of the past where families are detained in substandard conditions with long term damage to children."

The New York Times first reported on Tuesday that the president's administration was considering reviving the policy that would detain migrant families who cross the southern border illegally.

BIDEN ADMIN ANNOUNCES POLICY TO LIMIT ASYLUM CLAIMS AT SOUTHERN BORDER AS TITLE 42’S END LOOMS

"No decisions have been made as we prepare for the Title 42 Public Health Order to lift," a Department of Homeland Security spokesperson told Fox News Digital. "The Administration will continue to prioritize safe, orderly, and humane processing of migrants."

The American Civil Liberties Union said they plan on fighting Biden "every step of the way" if he reinstates a policy of detaining migrant families.

"If President Biden moves forward with these plans, he will be putting vulnerable, traumatized immigrant children at risk. We will fight him every step of the way," ACLU Executive Director Anthony Romero said.

BIDEN ADMIN TAKES FIRE FROM DEMS, ACTIVISTS FOR ‘SHOCKINGLY INHUMANE’ BORDER POLICY LIMITING ASYLUM CLAIMS

Executive Director of The Immigration Hub, Sergio Gonzales, told ABC News that detaining families at the border would not stop them from coming and seeking asylum.

"There's no credible research that I have seen that has shown that when you jail families, it actually stops people from coming to our border," Gonzales said. "They're literally fleeing for their lives when they come to our border. They believe they have no other choice."

Rep. Bennie Thompson, D-Miss., said he was "alarmed" by reports about the Biden administration considering the policy.

"I'm alarmed by news reports that the Administration is considering reinstating family detention policies," Thompson said. "If the reports are true, I strongly urge the Administration to reconsider this policy change and instead work towards implementing immigration policies that are humane, orderly, and in line with our American values."

Members of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC), Congressional Hispanic Caucus and Congressional Progressive Caucus issued a joint statement urging the president to reject family detention on Wednesday.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"We are deeply concerned by reports that the Biden Administration is considering reinstating family detention in an attempt to deter migration. We agree with Secretary Mayorkas when he said, ‘A detention center is not where a family belongs,’" the progressives said.

Fox News' Kyle Morris and Chris Pandolfo contributed to this report.Former National Institutes of Allergy & Infectious Diseases (NIAID) Director Dr. Anthony Fauci responded to comments from Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, and ex-Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Director Dr. Robert Redfield from a Wednesday hearing on coronavirus origins, saying claims of a "bribe" of scientists and a "freeze-out" of Redfield are "preposterous."

Redfield testified he did not know he was excluded from a Feb. 1, 2020, conference call with other health care bureaucrats until a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) application revealed such some time later.

"I was quite upset as the CDC director that I was excluded, excluded from those discussions. Why would they do this? Because I had a different point of view and I was told they made a decision that they would keep this confidential until they came up with a single narrative," Redfield said.

On "Your World," Fauci rejected Redfield's characterization while underlining he respects his fellow physician.

FAUCI, ALLIES' COVID THEORY APPROACH ‘ANTITHETICAL TO SCIENCE’: EX-CDC CHIEF

"I really feel badly about that because I've known Bob a long time. He is totally and unequivocally incorrect in what he's saying, that I excluded him. I had nothing to do with who would be on that call," Fauci said.

Fauci added that in retrospect, "it would have been OK" for Redfield to be online, while calling the doctor's testimony "disturbing."

Fauci also rejected claims Redfield's support for the lab-leak theory precluded him from participation, saying other experts on the call have made similar assertions.

He responded to Jordan's comments Wednesday that days after some scientists made the lab-leak hypothesis, they changed their minds.

RAND PAUL ACCUSES FAUCI OF ‘ENGAGING IN COVER-UP’ OF COVID ORIGINS

"And then three months later, ‘shazam,' they get $9 million from Dr. Fauci. Well, isn't that something?" Jordan asked in part at the time.

Fauci replied he "laughed" at Jordan's comments, calling them bizarre, and claiming he did not take a strong stance toward the natural-origin or lab-leak hypotheses.

"As the data evolved, and evolutionary virologists began to look at the data, it looked much more likely that it was a natural occurrence from an animal reservoir. I have always kept a completely open mind that it could be one or the other," he said.

Fauci characterized Jordan's comments as alleging a multimillion-dollar "bribe" for changing their mind, calling the claim again "ludicrous of anybody who knows anything about the granting system [at] NIH" — calling the episode "Typical-Jim-Jordan."

CLICK TO GET FOX NEWS APP

Fauci explained how the original SARS coronavirus of the early 21st Century came about through natural-origin, a leap from animal to human, saying it is reasonable to assume until objective data shows one way or the other that COVID-19 could have come about the same way.

He also said he would willfully appear before Rep. Brad Wenstrup's, R-Ohio, subcommittee on which Jordan sits, if asked.

The retired doctor criticized China's behavior in the wake of the coronavirus coming about, saying that authorities "completely cleaned out the wet market" in Wuhan of "animals that should not have been there to begin with," suggesting it is well-known the original SARS was of zoonotic origin.

"So if there's anything that the Chinese are covering up, they're covering up the fact that they violated their own rules about getting wild animals from the forest or whatever [and] putting it into contact with humans," he said.Fox News host Laura Ingraham looks at how the country has changed since President Biden took office on "The Ingraham Angle."

LAURA INGRAHAM: Now, the ruling class in Washington, it's in a flat spin. It's been more than two years now since Biden took power, and yet they have no success stories to tell. Americans are getting poorer and China is getting stronger. The economic outlook - we know that's bleak. And we have a hologram for a president with a cabinet filled with people that you wouldn't hire to tutor your fourth grader in math.

…

Despite all their efforts, the truth is seeping out, and it's increasingly obvious that we're facing potential disaster on all fronts. And all of it, all of it is self-inflicted by the DC leadership class. Our border? Well, it's a gift to the cartels. Our public schools? That's a gift to the teachers unions and the sexual propagandists. The cities? They're a gift to the criminals, illegals and home to endless despair. Our foreign policy? Well, that's obviously a gift right now to China. And our energy independence? That's a gift to globalists who want to force scarcity on America. And our economy? It's not really a gift to anyone. It's in shambles. So the president stumbles and his friends on the Hill really did a number on all of us. Personal debt, skyrocketing. Interest rates going up for the foreseeable future and we're headed toward a recession.

FACT-CHECKERS TARGET BIDEN OVER ‘FALSE AND MISLEADING’ STATEMENTS ABOUT THE ECONOMY

Now, maybe this was their plan all along. But now the truth is out. America is getting weaker. And Biden's only answer at this point is to propose massive tax hikes and then to prepare Americans for a new normal, a new America where we lower our expectations, reduce our consumption and give up our traditional freedoms, and then we learn to be happy with it. It shows in the end that the Democrats now know that there will be no economic growth under their policies and that inflation is just going to drag on. Powell at the Fed, he's not going to bail them out. He can't. Now, we told you recently that the IMF is predicting a nightmare for our GDP over the next two years. Germany, France and Spain's GDPs will outpace ours by 2024. Even Russia's GDP is growing faster than the United States'.

Oh, and I didn't realize, by the way, that build back better meant that real wages in median household income would drop under Biden. That's his definition of better. They've given up on America. They've essentially thrown up their hands on fixing the cities. That's just out of their control. Check out this piece by David Graham in The Atlantic. Rather than admitting that their pro-crime, pro-tax policies, high-tax policies didn't work, they declare that the city is 'now we're just ungovernable.' Now just because they've given up on building a strong and prosperous America doesn't mean the rest of us should. Think about this. They are more afraid of grandmothers who were walking through the Capitol on January 6 than the communist Chinese who are poised right now to take Taiwan.

And the same Democrats who won't forgive Republicans for Donald Trump. They're happy to forgive China for COVID. They're happy to forgive China for stealing our technology. They're happy to forgive China for crushing Hong Kong, for torturing the Uyghurs. And the list goes on and on. This tells the real story of how intellectually bankrupt they all are. We know it, and I think they even know it. As the Angle has been saying all along, this situation in our country is only going to change when enough suburban women and enough urban voters in key states have decided they've had enough. Some of them might not like... All of them might not like Trump for all we know.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

But I simply don't believe that those same people want to continue to live like this and be deceived this way. As the economic carnage continues to pile up, as our geopolitical dominance collapses, it's going to become nearly impossible for even the slickest political consultants to spin the Democrats' reign as anything more than an utter nightmare. We are witnessing their great unraveling. But let it not be ours.Today News Africa reporter Simon Ateba's longtime feud with White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre is now coming to a head.

Ateba claims he is being removed from the White House Correspondents Association (WHCA) as retribution for pressing Jean-Pierre on tough issues and asking hard questions.

"They refuse to renew my membership," Ateba told Tucker Carlson on Thursday. "They are trying to help the press secretary, Karine Jean-Pierre, because when you do the right thing, when you ask the right question, they try to silence you and try to censor you."

FAMED AFRICAN REPORTER REVEALS HOW HE WENT FROM BATTLING PIRATES AND POVERTY TO GRILLING KARINE JEAN-PIERRE

"The only thing they are doing to me right now is trying to punish me for trying to be a real journalist for asking the question that the American people really care about," he continued. "And it's shameful. It's a disgrace, and the president of the White House Correspondents Association, Tamara Keith, who worked for NPR, a publicly funded media organization, should be ashamed of herself."

In a letter Ateba posted on Twitter, WHCA Executive Director Steven Thomma wrote Ateba's membership was being revoked over concerns with his employment qualifications and past behavior.

"The committee noted repeated instances where your behavior violated the expectations for membership outlined in our bylaws, which have been detailed to you previously," the letter read.

The association was founded to ensure journalists have access to their First Amendment rights by covering the White House, and it also controls access to Jean-Pierre's regular press briefings.

"The White House Correspondents’ Association exists to promote excellence in journalism as well as journalism education, and to ensure robust news coverage of the president and the presidency," the website reads.

It continued, "Each day, we work to ensure that the men and women who cover the White House have the ability to seek answers from powerful officials, up to and including the President."

But Ateba said Keith, who is the White House correspondent for NPR and the association's president, refused to renew his WHCA membership as punishment for asking tough questions that Americans want answers to.

A person familiar with the matter said Ateba still has access to White House press briefings and his WHCA membership was not revoked.

The source said Ateba has not met the WHCA's requirements to provide employment verification, despite repeated requests, in order to renew his membership.

TUCKER CARLSON ON THE DECLINE OF COMEDY: IT'S NOT A FREE COUNTRY IF YOU CAN'T MOCK THOSE IN CHARGE

Back in January, Ateba said Jean-Pierre had not called on him during press briefings for months.

She even rebuked Ateba in December 2022 for speaking out of turn after he asked why Daily Caller White House correspondent Diana Glebova couldn't ask Dr. Anthony Fauci a question about the origins of COVID-19.

"You need to call people across the room. She has a valid question; she's asked about the origin of COVID," Ateba said.

"It is not your turn," Jean-Pierre retorted back. "I hear your question, but we're not doing this the way you want it. This is disrespectful … Simon, I'm done. Simon, I'm done. I'm done with you right now. You're taking time away from your colleagues."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Ateba expressed disbelief that he has experienced censorship in the United States after fleeing Africa to come to what he called the "beacon of free speech."

"Karine Jean-Pierre, she's totally incompetent, she can't even answer basic questions," Ateba said. "She lies a lot… She's lied repeatedly about the classified documents, even other things… I never believed that this could happen to me in the United States."

"In Africa, when we look up to the U.S., we saw the beacon of light, the beacon of excellence, the beacon of free speech, but here I am, right in the White House, in the most powerful house in the world, being censored, been punished by Tamara Keith of NPR, the WHCA, who are totally incompetent and colluding with the White House to punish someone who is doing the right thing."

Ateba claims Jean-Pierre refused to meet with him until 2024 over the pair's frequent clashes.

Fox News' Ashley Carnahan contributed to this report.Former New York Times science editor Nicholas Wade called out Dr. Anthony Fauci on Wednesday during a House hearing, saying he, along with former NIH Director Francis Collins, "seriously" mishandled the issue regarding COVID-19 origins.

"It’s hard to believe that in the twilight of their long careers, they would seriously mishandle an issue as important as the origin of the COVID virus, yet that is what the evidence seems to point to," Wade said during the hearing.

During the House Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic hearing, Wade said that the "campaign to discredit" the lab-leak theory began on Jan. 31, 2020.

Wade said Fauci received an email on that day from four virologists, led by Kristian Andersen Scripps of research, who concluded that the SARS-CoV-2 virus, "could not have been made in nature," Wade said.

COVID ORIGINS HEARING TO FOCUS ON FAUCI'S ROLE IN DISPROVING LAB LEAK THEORY

"Fauci was probably not too pleased to hear that the virus might have escaped from research that his agency has funded," Wade said.

Wade added that the virologist's reversed their conclusion about the origins in just four days.

"A strange thing happened to the virologist's conclusion within four days. Anderson, in an email on Febuary 4, repudiated, deriding lab-leak as a crackpot theory," he said. "What made him change his mind? No new scientific evidence about the virus came to light between January 31 and February 4, but from that one hundred eighty degree reversal, a whole campaign was able to be developed, including highly influential articles placed in Nature Medicine and the Lancet."

The author and former science editor also said those supporting the natural origin story got their story out first.

ANOTHER US AGENCY ASSESSES COVID-19 ORIGIN LIKELY A CHINESE ‘LAB LEAK’: REPORT

The natural origins camp "very successfully painted lab leak as a conspiracy theory," Wade said.

Wade argued that the media "failed" to report on "contrary evidence" after swallowing the natural origin story.

"The national media swallowed the natural origins story unskeptically, and once committed to it, failed to report important contrary evidence," Wade said.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The ranking Democratic member on the committee, Rep. Raul Ruiz, D-Calif., objected to Wade's presence as a witness during his opening remarks.

Ruiz said that Wade, who wrote a seminal article examining whether COVID-19 had leaked from a lab in Wuhan, China, had written a book in 2014 that was "applauded by White supremacists."

Wade wrote a 10,000-word article on Medium In May 2021 titled, "The origin of COVID: Did people or nature open Pandora's box at Wuhan?" in which he questioned the origins of the coronavirus, presenting evidence that suggested it could have leaked from the Wuhan Institute of Virology.

Fox News Digital's Chris Pandolfo contributed to this report.Tennis superstar Novak Djokovic was the subject of debate Wednesday after one reporter asked White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre to respond to calls for Djokovic to be allowed to play in the U.S.

Djokovic, the number one ranked tennis player in the world, has been denied entry to the United States, seemingly as a result of his refusal to get the COVID-19 vaccine.

When asked to respond to Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis’ recent calls for Djokovic to be allowed to compete in the Miami Open tennis tournament, Jean-Pierre referred the reporter to the CDC.

"So, on a question of regarding the vaccination requirement, I would refer you to the CDC. They’re the ones who deal with that. It’s still in place, and we expect everyone to abide by our country’s rule, whether as a participant or a spectator."

NOVAK DJOKOVIC WITHDRAWS FROM BNP PARIBAS OPEN AFTER BEING DENIED ENTRY TO US OVER COVID-VACCINE STATUS

She continued, emphasizing that the BNP Paribas Open, a high-profile tennis tournament in Indian Wells, California, was also responsible for the decision.

"As for what goes on specifically with the BNP Open, those are questions for them. It is a private entity, and so we will let them speak to that. But again, this is something that the CDC speaks to."

President Joe Biden has come under fire for his continued refusal to allow Djokovic, a 22-time Grand Slam champion, the ability to compete in the United States.

DeSantis told Biden in a letter that he should "put pandemic politics aside and give the American people what they want – let [Djokovic] play."

"This denial is unfair, unscientific and unacceptable," the Governor wrote.

The letter, posted Tuesday on Twitter, has picked up over 39,000 likes on the platform.

FLORIDA LAWMAKERS URGE PRESIDENT BIDEN TO GRANT NOVAK DJOKOVIC WAIVER TO PLAY IN US DESPITE VACCINE STATUS

DeSantis also speculated that Djokovic could enter the country "via boat," referencing a proclamation that prevented noncitizens of the U.S. from entering the country via air travel.

Djokovic asked permission to enter the U.S. in February, telling reporters after a practice in Belgrade that his "plans" depend on the U.S., according to Reuters.

"I’m waiting for a reply, it’s not on me… I will know soon," he reportedly said.

Djokovic won the 2023 Australian Open in January even though he was deported from the country in 2022 for being unvaccinated.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Fox News’ Ryan Gaydos and Matt Leach contributed to this report.Pop superstar Lizzo joined a wave of celebrities defending transgender culture in recent weeks after Tennessee Gov. Bill Lee signed legislation to restrict drag shows and ban gender transition treatment for minors.

The Grammy winning singer fired off a series of tweets Wednesday about transphobia, fatphobia, "complicit silence" and "apathetic participation," prompting debate online.

"Transphobia is lookin real rooted in racism right about now…" Lizzo told her over 2 million followers in a tweet that has received over 3.5 million views and 63,000 likes.

LIZZO PROMOTES ABORTION RIGHTS IN 'SIZE INCLUSIVE' LINGERIE LINE: 'MY BODY IS NOBODY'S BUSINESS'

Her comments came less than one week after Tennesse expanded on previous obscenity laws to restrict "adult-oriented businesses" in the state and penalize performances that include topless "male or female impersonators" that are intended to provide entertainment for "a prurient interest."

Lizzo continued her Twitter lecture in another tweet on transphobia and fatphobia on Wednesday.

"I’ve never heard a person say why they’re racist… or fatphobic .. I’ve never heard a reason why someone is transphobic..I think if we knew ‘why’ these people felt this way there would [be] way less support for these ideals. Because the ‘why’ is more insidious than we realize."

CELEBRITY DRAG STAR RUPAUL CLAIMS DRAG QUEENS ARE 'MARINES OF THE QUEER MOVEMENT'

But she also emphasized to fans that she doesn’t actually care about why people are bigoted and cares more about the "why" behind "bigoted" views.

"Don’t get it twisted— I don’t care why people are bigoted. That’s a waste of my imagination. I feel like there’s a lot of complicit silence and apathetic participation going on that wouldn’t fly if people knew more."

Lizzo’s thoughts on transphobia, fatphobia and other topics prompted thousands of responses on Twitter, with some journalists and political commentators criticizing the singer for her failing to provide evidence for her claims.

"Someone has chosen to tweet before they investigate," journalist Sonia Poulton wrote.

"Evidence?? Don’t you know: You must believe everything we say immediately or you’re a transphobe!!!" fitness coach Jay D. Cartere wrote in a mocking tweet.

Drag star DeJa Skye agreed with Lizzo, giving a one-word response to the singer’s post on transphobia. "Veryyyy."

MELISSA MCCARTHY DEFENDS DRAG QUEENS IN VIRAL POST: ‘YOU’VE BEEN ENTERTAINED BY DRAG QUEENS ALL YOUR LIFE'

Lizzo is one of many high-profile celebrities to speak out publicly in recent weeks about transphobia and the debate of drag queens in public life.

Celebrity drag star RuPaul argued that drag queens were on the front lines of the culture wars in an Instagram video Wednesday.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APPPassengers on a flight from Los Angeles to Boston were sent into a panic Sunday when a man went on a violent tirade, attempting to open an emergency door and stab a flight attendant with a broken metal spoon.

"I will kill every man on this plane!" the unruly passenger shouted in a video.

"So where are they? Where's Homeland Security?" he continued. "Pull the gun. Pull the gun… Tell them to bring SWAT to shoot me down because they're going to have to shoot me down today."

The incident has raised concerns over airline security and whether an air marshal was on board the cross-country flight.

CAN WE SWITCH SEATS? AMERICANS SOUND OFF ON AIRPLANE SEAT-SWAPPING

"For security reasons, TSA will not confirm the deployment of Federal Air Marshals on flights," the agency said in a statement.

Sonya Hightower-LaBosco, executive director of the Air Marshal National Council, told "Fox & Friends First" on Thursday that the TSA is not confirming the lack of an air marshal on the plane because they knew it was a security failure on their part.

"Your eyes don't lie. Did you see an air marshal on that plane?" she asked. "They know that they should've had air marshals on that aircraft. They had hundreds of air marshals standing around in the airport… in the Los Angeles airport and Boston."

Co-host Ashley Strohmier asked Hightower-LaBosco about the role a "high-risk" label plays in determining whether flights have air marshals on board.

WHAT IS THE SAFEST SEAT ON AN AIRPLANE IN THE EVENT OF A CRASH? RESULTS ARE SURPRISING

Hightower-LaBosco argued the terrorized flight to Boston should have been categorized as such, adding that typically flights traveling from one coast to another fall into this category.

"This flight was definitely a high-risk flight," she said. "You've got to look at the capacity of the field. It was an East Coast to West Coast. It was a large aircraft, and that was a flight that would be a regular route that we would have air marshals covering, so this definitely would be a priority one flight, and it should have been covered."

Hightower-LaBosco said approximately 90% of air marshals are positioned in airports, while the remainder are put on planes.

"Which is completely backward," she said, calling the Boston flight incident a "wake-up call."

AIRPLANE PASSENGER YELLS, DEMANDS WATER FROM FLIGHT ATTENDANT, ALL CAUGHT ON VIDEO

The Air Marshal National Council plans to work with Congress to make adjustments to ensure safer flights, Hightower-LaBosco said. One of her goals is to see air marshals removed from operating under the TSA and reassigned to a law enforcement group instead.

"How many wake-up calls are we going to have in our planes before we're talking about the lives that it's cost?" she wondered.

United Airlines said no one was injured in the incident.

"Thanks to the quick action of our crew and customers, one customer was restrained after becoming a security concern on United flight 2609 from Los Angeles to Boston," the company statement said. "The flight landed safely and was met by law enforcement."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

FAA Acting Administrator Billy Nolen was questioned about the incident Wednesday during a Senate hearing on reform efforts, assuring lawmakers the agency has a "zero tolerance policy around unruly passengers."

"I can assure you that we will take every step, every tool that we have at our disposal to ensure that action takes place against any perpetrator," Nolen said. "It is just simply not allowed."Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis took shocking measures to call out the mainstream media’s "hoax" and push back against the far-left narrative that the Republican leader is trying to ban books.

In a press event Wednesday, DeSantis showed sexually explicit material from books that are readily available in some of Florida’s public school libraries. Local media outlets cut away from the live event due to the graphic nature of the content, inadvertently proving his point.

"There was a Duval County school video where they took a video of empty bookshelves and they say, ‘the state of Florida doesn't want books, they're trying to censor books’ and all this stuff. Turned out that was a hoax," DeSantis said in response to accusations that the state is "banning books."

GEORGIA PARENTAL RIGHTS BILL WOULD BAR TEACHERS FROM DISCUSSING GENDER IDENTITY WITH STUDENTS

"They tried to say that you're not allowed to teach certain basic things that we require," he continued. "So a lot of that what's been going on is an attempt to create a political narrative, and it's a false political narrative."

"Outnumbered" co-host Kayleigh McEnany viewed the explicit content that the governor highlighted and said it made her "queasy."

"I have a three-year-old daughter. Two years from now, she'll be in kindergarten," McEnany told panelists Thursday. "Why does my daughter in two years need to learn this or have access to this material?"

Kellyanne Conway, a Fox News contributor and former Trump senior advisor, touted the ongoing "parental rights renaissance" after DeSantis’ bold move.

"You don't even need to have kids to know this is just wrong," she said of the material students are being exposed to. She then urged parents to take an active role in their children’s education.

"You don't relinquish your parental rights because you dropped her at school for a couple of hours," Conway said. "Go and look in the libraries and see what's there."

EX-TRUMP OFFICIAL LAUNCHES PAC URGING GOV. DESANTIS TO RUN FOR PRESIDENT: ‘STRONGEST REPUBLICAN AVAILABLE’

Co-host Emily Compagno argued the "nauseating" material is "priming" children.

"It's an instruction manual of how to exist in the liberal left woke’s society, which has absolutely eroded all fundamental family values and senses of personal dignity, as well as protecting children's innocence," Compagno explained.

Quisha King, a Florida parent, spoke out on "Fox & Friends First" and argued parents shouldn’t feel like they’re dropping their children off at a "sex shop" every day.

"That’s exactly what these schools are turning into," she said. "We’re seeing so much explicit material that you cannot even show it on the news, but they feel like it’s okay to show it to your children."

King then echoed Compagno’s concerns, saying this push for explicit material is part of an agenda to make children "minions" of the state.

"They want complete and total control of our children. They are looking to indoctrinate the next generation of young minds," she said. "We cannot stand by and let this happen."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

King then encouraged parents to ask detailed questions about what is happening inside their children’s classrooms.

McEnany went on to call children’s exposure to graphic material "abuse."

"Children should be taught that they are loved, that they are unique, that they are created special, and they should feel special," McEnany said. "They shouldn’t be taught this cultural filth."Independent journalist Matt Taibbi put the "censorship-industrial complex" in a preview of his contentious testimony about his reporting on the Twitter Files.

He revealed there was a directive within Twitter to "monitor all tweets" from the personal accounts of Donald Trump and Joe Biden.

"When #TwitterFiles reporters were given access to Twitter internal documents last year, we first focused on the company, which at times acted like a power above government. But Twitter was more like a partner to government," Taibbi wrote, sharing screenshots of internal emails from government agencies.. "With other tech firms it held a regular ‘industry meeting’ with FBI and DHS, and developed a formal system for receiving thousands of content reports from every corner of government: HHS, Treasury, NSA, even local police. Emails from the FBI, DHS and other agencies often came with spreadsheets of hundreds or thousands of account names for review. Often, these would be deleted soon after."

Taibbi noted one "disinfo" list in particular that was labeled "Iranian State Linked Accounts" which included an Iraq War veteran, a former Chicago Sun-Times reporter and the progressive news outlet Truthout. Others targeted "anti-Ukraine narratives" last year.

FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION DEMANDS ELON MUSK TO ‘IDENTIFY ALL JOURNALISTS’ WHO HAD ACCESS TO TWITTER FILES

"We came to think of this grouping – state agencies like DHS, FBI, or the Global Engagement Center (GEC), along with 'NGOs that aren’t academic' and an unexpectedly aggressive partner, commercial news media – as the Censorship-Industrial Complex," Taibbi wrote.

"Who’s in the Censorship-Industrial Complex? Twitter in 2020 helpfully compiled a list for a working group set up in 2020. The National Endowment for Democracy, the Atlantic Council’s DFRLab, and Hamilton 68’s creator, the Alliance for Securing Democracy, are key," he explained, adding, "NGOs ideally serve as a check on corporations and the government. Not long ago, most of these institutions viewed themselves that way. Now, intel officials, ‘researchers,’ and executives at firms like Twitter are effectively one team - or Signal group, as it were."

The Substack writer referred to the taxpayer-funded Aspen Institute's "Information Disorder" summit in August 2021 as the Censorship-Industrial Complex's "Woodstock," citing a report spearheaded by veteran TV host Katie Couric and DHS’s Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency founder Chris Krebs alongside top executives from Twitter, Facebook and Google, which concluded that the government should "mandate disclosure of data" from social media companies, having a "holding area" for influencers guilty of so-called "bad behavior," demonetization and even "take steps to restrict false information, even if it means losing some freedom to access and publish content."

WHAT ELON MUSK'S TWITTER FILES HAVE UNCOVERED ABOUT THE TECH GIANT SO FAR

"The #Twitter Files show the principals of this incestuous self-appointed truth squad moving from law enforcement/intelligence to the private sector and back, claiming a special right to do what they say is bad practice for everyone else: be fact-checked only by themselves," Taibbi told readers.

Taibbi put a spotlight on the Stanford Institute Observatory's "Election Integrity Partnership" (EIP) as being the most "voluminous" flagger of Twitter users, admitting at one point the project can have the "legal authorization" to do it as a non-government entity. A research manager separately boasted how "35%" of the posts it flagged to tech companies were addressed one way or another.

"It’s crucial to reiterate: EIP was partnered with state entities like CISA and GEC while seeking elimination of millions of tweets. In the #Twitter Files, Twitter execs did not distinguish between organizations, using phrases like ‘According to CIS[A], escalated via EIP,’" Taibbi wrote. "After the 2020 election, when EIP was renamed the Virality Project, the Stanford lab was on-boarded to Twitter’s JIRA ticketing system, absorbing this government proxy into Twitter infrastructure – with a capability of taking in an incredible 50 million tweets a day."

He then shared a screenshot of the Virality Project's recommendation to Big Tech on cracking down on "true content" that may promote vaccine hesitancy, which stated "viral posts of individuals expressing vaccine hesitancy, or stories of true vaccine side effects" may be considered "malinformation," defined as being exaggerated or misleading, instead of misinformation.

LATEST TWITTER FILES SHOW MEDIA, DEMS RELIED ON SINGLE SOURCE ALLEGING ‘RUSSIAN BOT’ ACTIVITY: ‘IT WAS A SCAM’

"None of the leaders of this effort to police Covid speech had health expertise," Taibbi pointed out. "This is the Censorship-Industrial Complex at its essence: a bureaucracy willing to sacrifice factual truth in service of broader narrative objectives. It’s the opposite of what a free press does."

He also knocked other tax-funded groups like New Knowledge's Birmingham Project, which falsely peddled claims of Russian influence in the Alabama Senate race in 2017, and the Alliance for Securing Democracy's Hamilton 68 project, writing, "Packaged as a bulwark against lies and falsehood, it is itself often a major source of disinformation, with American taxpayers funding their own estrangement from reality."

"The incident underscored the extreme danger of the Censorship-Industrial Complex. Without real oversight mechanisms, there is nothing to prevent these super-empowered information vanguards from bending the truth for their own ends," Taibbi wrote. "In the digital age, this sprawling new information-control bureaucracy is an eerie sequel to the dangers Dwight Eisenhower warned about in his farewell address, when he said: ‘The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists.’"

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Taibbi alongside fellow Twitter Files colleague Michael Shellenberger testified before the House Judiciary Subcommittee on the Weaponization of the Federal Government.World-famous podcaster Joe Rogan observed on Wednesday that while both sides of politics can be closed-minded, modern conservatives are more willing to allow freedom of speech.

Rogan has risen to fame and popularity with people on both sides of the aisle largely because of his willingness to have honest, freeform conversations with anyone. He's also a staunch advocate for the freedoms of expression and debate and has noticed the rise of unusual political bedfellows as society is besieged by cancel culture.

"Regular people get caught up in mind viruses," Rogan said to Malice. "Like, we always want to look at people in a cult and go, ‘Wow, that would never be me, I'm too smart for that. These f***ing morons, why do they believe that guy?’ We're all susceptible, all of us are!"

ROGAN AND HIS GUESTS DISCUSS BIDEN'S PREVIOUS CAUTION ABOUT STARTING WORLD WAR 3: ‘TOTALLY OUT OF THE WINDOW’

Rogan and Malice talked about how modern society and social media allow people to disregard other people’s opinions if they don’t agree on a checklist of controversial issues. While the host noted that conservatives are not immune to this, he claimed they have taken up the mantle of at least allowing their opposition to speak, unlike the modern left.

"So, when I was a kid, the left was all about freedom of speech and freedom of expression – if you were like a person who never vaccinated your children you would be much more likely to be on the left, you were someone who didn't trust pharmaceutical companies," Rogan recalled as an example.

Later in the episode he suggested that modern entertainment is a great example of how political sides have switched on certain issues.

ROGAN LAMPOONS LIBERALS FOR CONDEMNING HEALTH AND FITNESS AS FAR-RIGHT: ‘EAT DONUTS AND VOTE BLUE’

"The left used to be about, like, freedom, it was more like freedom of speech, freedom of expression, you know, like, think about the comic books that came from the left," he said. "But then somewhere along the line, the roles reversed, and I don't even know if people realize it's like a shifting of the polar ice caps, like, today if you are going to be a person who had a controversial comic book you would most likely be on the right.

The shifting political landscape has been a frequent topic on Rogan's show, as he and guests like comedian Russell Brand have discussed how left-wing figures from past decades that advocate anti-establishment views or freedom of speech are smeared by modern liberals as far-right.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Rogan recently opened the Comedy Mothership venue in Austin, Texas, as a safe haven for comedians and audiences from cancel culture.

The official website’s FAQ page warned in clear terms that the venue will host controversial comedians, featuring the query, "Should I research the comedian before attending a show?" The following answer explains, "Yes. Comedy is subjective and certain comedians are not for everybody. Watching a YouTube clip or reading the headliner's biography is a great way to get insight on the expected performance."A meme apparently intended to criticize capitalism resurfaced this week and was met with intense criticism from conservatives, many of whom pointed out that it actually reinforces the benefits of capitalism: abundance, diversity of choice, competition, and prosperity.

The meme, pictured in the Tweet below, reads: "'Capitalism breeds innovation'" then under "Capitalism:" it features 12 different fried chicken sandwiches offered by America's various fast food chains. The chains included Popeyes, Carl's Jr., Zaxby's, Chick-fil-A, Sonic, Church's, KFC, Burger King, Jack, Wendy's McDonald's, and Arby's.

Marc Andreessen, a billionaire entrepreneur tweeted, "The claim here is that capitalism delivers food…"

AOC: CAPITALISM IS NOT A ‘REDEEMABLE SYSTEM FOR US’

Editor in chief of Arc Digital Berny Belvedere tweeted, "Leftists posting capitalism's Ws."

"DELICIOUS FOOD WIDELY AVAILABLE[.] Capitalism blamed," Jim Treacher, a popular conservative writer, tweeted.

"These champagne socialists really show how out of touch they are with asinine memes like these. #Theleftcantmeme," Jacob Airey, a conservative activist, tweeted.

The Libertarian Party of California also weighed in. "Imagine telling anyone who lived under communism how hard your life is because you have 12 chicken sandwich options," they tweeted.

"How many chicken sandwich options did the Ukrainians have during the Holodomor?" Daily Caller editor Grayson Quay queried.

‘SOCIALIST’ BERNIE SANDERS INCINERATED FOR EMBRACING CAPITALISM AHEAD OF BOOK TOUR: ‘FULL OF CRAP’

Scott Lincicome, an adjunct professor at Duke Law, pointed out that the sandwiches were "dirt cheap" due to the efficiency of free markets. "Ugh capitalism amirite," he joked.

"Cheap, delicious chicken sandwich abundance is probably a close second to Rocky IV on the ‘top 5 things to fell communism’ list," Lincicome went on. "At one point during the Glorious Chicken Sandwich Wars days, evil capitalist corporations were giving those glorious things away for FREE. Glory, glory hallelujah!"

"Ugh now I want a chicken sandwich. Damn you, capitalism!" he concluded.

Even some progressives chimed in to argue that the meme did not do the left any favors. @Alex, an account with over one hundred thousand followers who displays solidarity with Black Lives Matter in his Twitter bio, tweeted, "Super strong argument in favor of capitalism, tbh."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Capitalism has come under repeated attack by politicians on the far Left, many of whom argue it is an oppressive and racist system that must be abolished. Alexandria Ocasio Cortez, for example, recently said in a public statement that capitalism is irredeemable.

Many have been quick to point out what they consider to be the hypocrisy of self-described socialist politicians, however. Bernie Sanders, for example, was slammed last month for charging $95 through Ticketmaster to attend his book tour. Ticketmaster is being investigated by the Department of Justice for anti-competitive practices and Sanders's new book was published by Penguin Random House, one of the big five publishers in the United States.Jesse Watters cautions Americans, particularly spring breakers, going to Mexico, about the immense danger posed by cartels overrunning the country on "Jesse Watters Primetime."

SENATORS PUSH BILL DESIGNATING CARTELS AS ‘TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS’ AFTER AMERICANS KILLED IN MEXICO

JESSE WATTERS: Acapulco was Hollywood's playground. But then the cartels came in and the celebrities booked trips to Monaco and St. Barts. And Mexico was forced to start selling itself at a discount. They went from catering to the rich and famous to hosting spring break. Dude, there's going to be chicks walking around in a bikini in front of us.

Spring break in Mexico has become the biggest event of the year. At least 30,000 college kids fly in every March and April and go all out. Every parent, especially every parent of daughters, when they hear, "Hey, Dad. A bunch of us are going to go to Mexico for spring break. I promise I'll be good, Daddy. We're not even going to leave the resort." I don't know. But I know better than anybody that after a few drinks, sometimes it's fun to leave the resort. It's an adventure. But the worst decision spring breakers can make is to talk to somebody like me.

Now, if you were going down to Panama City Beach, all you had to worry about was Watters. But if you're going to go to Mexico, you're walking into a warzone. If you think the Mexican government is going to protect an 18-year-old from the University of Alabama, good luck. They're on their own. The only thing protecting college kids in Mexico is the security at the Ritz-Carlton.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

And some of the hottest spring break locations are smack dab in the middle of cartel territory, like Cabo, which is right in the middle of the Sinaloa cartel turf. Puerto Vallarta is controlled by the Gilead school cartels, and the Juarez cartel owns Cancun and Riviera Maya.Fox News foreign correspondent Benjamin Hall believes everyone has the ability to overcome life’s toughest obstacles. He's living proof as he continues to battle back from devastating injuries sustained while covering Russia's invasion of Ukraine last year.

"If we do things together as a team and community, you can get through anything," Hall said Friday on "FOX & Friends."

Since the vehicle he was in was struck in Ukraine, Hall has been through roughly 30 surgeries, lost a leg on one side and a foot on the other, and no longer has function of a hand and one eye. He appeared live to discuss his upcoming memoir, "Saved: A War Reporter's Mission To Make It Home," which hits stores next week and will offer untold details of his journey.

With his prosthetic leg on full display, Hall – who was extracted from the combat zone by the nonprofit organization Save Our Allies led by a "special operations and intelligence veteran" -- explained that his father was once rescued by American forces when serving in Korea.

FOX NEWS’ BENJAMIN HALL DOESN’T WORRY ABOUT NEAR-FATAL INJURIES WHEN SURROUNDED BY WIFE, THREE DAUGHTERS

"We are a family who has been saved again and again, so that duty to our country and the military and what they’ve done is immense," Hall said.

"It led me to travel, I wanted to experience the world. I wanted to experience extremes of human experience and I started my job because I wanted adventure, I wanted to see different places," Hall continued. "But as you start to cover wars, it comes to another level."

Hall was severely wounded last year while covering Russia’s invasion of Ukraine when a vehicle he was traveling in was struck by incoming fire in Horenka, outside Kyiv. Beloved Fox News photojournalist Pierre Zakrzewski and Ukrainian journalist Oleksandra "Sasha" Kuvshynova were killed in the attack that devastated Fox News and the journalism industry at large. Hall was the only survivor.

FOX NEWS’ BENJAMIN HALL URGES VIEWERS TO ‘NEVER GIVE UP’ IN EMOTIONAL RETURN TO LIVE TV

"As you start to cover wars it comes to another level, you see how important it is," Hall said. "But I think of my father every day as well and my recovery was as much for him as it was for everyone else."

"FOX & Friends" co-host Steve Doocy then asked Hall what he’s been able to do during his year-long recovery that surprised him.

"Well, I think the ability to stay strong, to know you’re going to go through some of the toughest times of your life, both physically and mentally, but to know if you focus hard, if you have enough willpower, if you have enough trust and faith, then you can get through anything," Hall said.

"I was amazed at the level you can find inside yourself," he continued. "I would never have thought it before that I have it, but I’m a firm believer that we all have it. If you have to get through something difficult in life, don’t give up, just fight for it, and you can find your way through it, and I believe that wholeheartedly."

BENJAMIN HALL SURPRISES FOX NEWS COLLEAGUES WITH MOVING WORDS SIX MONTHS AFTER DEADLY UKRAINE ATTACK

Hall delivered a message for Fox News viewers who have supported him since the tragic attack.

"I felt from all of you, every step of the way thousands of prayers and letters, books, were sent to me and I read every one of them.. I felt every one of them, go out and encourage people if they’re having a tough time. If you know someone who is going through a difficult time, go out," Hall said. "It does matter, I’m the living proof of that, and I felt every single one of those messages. So it’s a big thank you to all our viewers as well."

"Saved: A War Reporter's Mission to Make It Home" will be available where books are sold on March 14.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Fox News' Nikolas Lanum contributed to this report.The ex-lawyer for Jacob Chansley, the Navy veteran known widely in the media as the "QAnon Shaman" for his outlandish look during the Capitol riot on Jan. 6, told Fox News' Tucker Carlson he had not seen the newly-released footage that could have aided his client against federal charges.

Chansley, who famously went shirtless and donned face paint and a horned hat while carrying an American flag on the day Congress certified President Biden's election victory, was portrayed as the leader of pro-Trump rioters who violently attacked Capitol Police officers and defaced the Capitol Building. However, the over 40,000 hours of Capitol footage exclusively obtained by "Tucker Carlson Tonight" show him being escorted around by Capitol Police without incident.

At one point, at least nine police officers were seen in close proximity to Chansley, and none of them slowed him down.

TUCKER CARLSON RELEASES EXCLUSIVE JAN. 6 FOOTAGE, SAYS POLITICANS, MEDIA LIED ABOUT SICKNICK, ‘QANON SHAMAN’

Chansley was later arrested and federally charged for "knowingly entering or remaining in any restricted building or grounds without lawful authority, and with violent entry and disorderly conduct on Capitol grounds." He was sentenced to nearly four years in prison .

TUCKER CARLSON TALKS EXCLUSIVELY WITH KEY CAPITOL POLICE OFFICER IGNORED JAN. 6 PANEL AMID FOOTAGE RELEASE

Albert Watkins, the former attorney for Chansley, told Tucker Carlson on Wednesday that he had not seen the Jan. 6 footage first shared Monday on "Tucker Carlson Tonight" while serving his client.

Watkins said the footage proves Chansley did not have all the evidence to decide whether he should go to trial or take a plea. (He ultimately took a plea.}

"This is a man who had tremendous intelligence, [is] very gentle, very, very articulate who was diagnosed 15 years earlier by the government with a mental health issue- and the government knew that," Watkins told Carlson. "The government knew through three hearings when we begged and pleaded to get this man out of solitary confinement, literally falling into an abyss, mentally."

JUDGE DENIES JAN. 6 DEFENDANT'S TRIAL DELAY SOUGHT AFTER MCCARTHY'S RELEASE OF CAPITOL RIOT FOOTAGE: REPORT

"And through each of those three hearings that government assistant U.S. attorney knew the most important aspect of that hearing was that Jake was not violent. The government knew," he continued. "They knew that Jake had walked around with all of these police officers. They had that video footage I didn't get. It wasn't disclosed to me. It wasn't provided to me."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The attorney called Chansley's prison sentence a "tragedy" and a "dagger at the heart of our American justice system."

"This is about our justice system being so compromised, the very integrity and core of that, which we wore as a badge of honor for the entirety of our nation's history, has been rendered a vile, disgusting mess by a Department of Justice that was running amok," Watkins said. "And they didn't share the video of my client, the footage from my client with nine officers surrounding him peacefully, wandering about, trying to help them, trying to get him access to the Senate chamber. They didn't because it didn't fit their narrative."Landlords in the San Francisco Bay Area are pushing back against a proposal that would expand a COVID-era eviction ban as they struggle financially without rent payments.

Dean Preston, who is a self-proclaimed Democratic socialist that sits on the San Francisco's Board of Supervisors, announced on Twitter this week he would propose an ordinance to extend the COVID-era eviction ban that is supposed to expire in the coming months.

"I am getting ready to introduce an extension of our eviction ban here in San Francisco," he said. "I wanted you to be the first to know. We got to make sure that we are not going off an eviction cliff when the local state of emergency ends. That's why we're introducing this ordinance."

CALIFORNIA COUNTY BANS LANDLORDS FROM CONDUCTING CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS FOR HOUSING

"We wanted to make sure the health crisis did not become an eviction crisis," he continued.

He went on to explain he has written 13 pieces of legislation to reduce and even ban evictions due to the pandemic.

A San Leandro landlord, George Wu, is a Chinese immigrant who lost a whopping $120,000 in rent payments in recent years. He went on a hunger strike last month joining a protest outside a local government office last month. The Alameda County Board of Supervisors decided the eviction moratorium would expire at the end of April, two months after the state officially ended its COVID emergency.

San Francisco landlord Jenny Zhao has also struggled to make ends meet since Mayor London Breed barred landlords from evicting their tenants, citing the pandemic.

RENT STABILIZATION, AFFORDABLE HOUSING MEASURES APPROVED ACROSS SEVERAL US CITIES

"Fox & Friends First" co-host Todd Piro asked Friday how she is "making up" for the lost income.

"Work hard," she replied. "Try to make up by working more on our end… We have to pay everything, and we also need to make our living ourselves."

According to the mayor's website, Breed signed legislation in July 2022 that "that prohibits landlords from evicting residential tenants for non-payment of rent that originally came due on or after July 1, 2022 and was not paid due to the COVID-19 pandemic." The policy is "ongoing."

The website also mentions landlords cannot charge their tenants "late fees, penalties, or similar charges on tenants who are unable to pay their post-July 2022 rent due to COVID-19."

The mayor's policy, however, does not protect tenants with rental debt that was accrued before July 2022.

President of the Business and Housing Network Jennifer Liu slammed the proposal, saying it "doesn't make sense" while noting that landlords have still been forced to pay their property taxes despite the overdue income.

"It doesn't make sense," Liu said. "COVID is well behind us and people's lives are back to normal."

"How can the government justify that people cannot find jobs because of COVID? It doesn't make sense," she continued. "The eviction moratorium has been long overdue to be terminated."

California has no statewide eviction ban in place now, but policy did bar landlords from evicting tenants up until June 2022 that met certain income thresholds and completed a rental relief application, according to Nolo.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

But even despite no statewide policy prohibiting evictions, some cities and counties have implemented local eviction bans anyway, more than three years since the pandemic first began.Twitter users ridiculed Vice President Kamala Harris after she voiced the concerns of young children dealing with "climate mental health" problems.

Harris mentioned the climate change-related issue during her appearance Wednesday at the "Aspen Ideas: Climate Conference" in Miami Beach, Florida.

Harris told the crowd in attendance about how she spoke to young climate activists who claim climate change is affecting their mental health.

INTERNET ROASTS KAMALA HARRIS FOR CLAIMING SHE ONCE ASKED, ‘WHY ARE CONSERVATIVES BAD, MOMMY?’

Specifically, the activists told her they were struggling with "climate mental health," she said.

Launching into her anecdote, Harris said, "One of the young leaders was talking to me about climate mental health. I said, ‘Tell me what’s going on with your peers.’"

Speaking for the young activist, Harris repeated the concept: "Climate mental health."

She continued, "I said, ‘I think I can understand that, but unpack it for me.' And she talked about how her peers are thinking about it."

Harris said the young woman gave her an example to help her understand, saying, "One example is, you know, whether, when they’re ready, could they start a family — worried about what that would mean and the stress of it."

The vice president continued, saying, "They were talking about in terms of their peers trying to figure out, you know, they’re going to have to get a job and they’re gonna have to make a living — but what they can do and how can they adapt the education that they are having now to their activism?"

Twitter mocked the speech, with some stating that if kids are stressing about climate change, it’s because politicians like Harris have made alarmist claims about it.

DEMOCRATS ADMIT THEY'VE LOST HOPE IN KAMALA HARRIS: 'CAN'T THINK OF ONE THING SHE'S DONE'

Heritage Foundation research fellow Delano Squire rebuked Harris for her anecdote, tweeting, "’Climate mental health’? We are being led by some of the most fearful, neurotic, and narcissistic people in history. Pack animals typically put those types way in the back. In this country, that dysfunction is part of their appeal."

Earth science professor Dr. Matthew M. Wielicki slammed Harris and other climate activists as the ones stressing kids out with this concept. He tweeted, "Climate alarmism is mental health abuse of young people. Many of my students also expressed concern about having children because the alarmists have convinced them the planet is ending. This will be the lasting legacy of climate alarmism."

Anti-Biden/Harris Democrat Farrukh Shamsi cited the speech as further proof the Biden administration can’t run America. He wrote, "We have a problem in the White House. Biden and Harris have both lost the ability to lead."

Travis County, Texas, GOP chairman Matt Mackowiak simply remarked, "These people are insane and fundamentally unserious."

Anti-green energy activism group Power the Future founder Daniel Turner commented, "Kamala Harris is worried about 'climate mental health.' What about the mental health of laid off Keystone XL pipeline workers?"

Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, special comms adviser Steve Guest claimed the vice president is "just making stuff up here."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Reporter Jim Stinson quipped about the young activist in Harris’ story, saying, "The main warning sign for a kid like this is the fact he asked the question."Former NFL quarterback Colin Kapernick accused his adoptive parents of "perpetuating racism" in an interview that aired Thursday.

Kaepernick talked about coming to terms with his racial identity while growing up in a White family in his new graphic novel, "Change the Game." The former football player recalled disagreements with his parents that he attributed to racism, calling his upbringing "problematic."

"I know my parents loved me. But there were still very problematic things that I went through," the biracial quarterback said to CBS News.

"I think it was important to show that, no, this can happen in your own home, and how we move forward collectively while addressing the racism that is being perpetuated," he added.

COLIN KAEPERNICK'S ACTIVISM ORGANIZATION SILENT ON TIES TO BEN & JERRY'S AFTER REPORT OF MIGRANT CHILD LABOR

Kaepernick illustrated one specific example of this in the novel, depicting a fight he had with his parents during high school over his hairstyle.

Inspired to braid his hair in cornrows like his hero, NBA star Allen Iverson, Kaepernick recalled received pushback from is parents.

"He's getting what rolls?" his mom says in the graphic novel.

Kaepernick said that after styling his hair this way, his mom warned his hair was "not professional" and he "looked like a little thug."

CONTROVERSIAL FORMER NBA PLAYER SAYS COLIN KAEPERNICK HAD ‘MOST FREEDOM’ HE EVER FELT AFTER ANTHEM PROTESTS

The former football player turned social justice activist said these teenage interactions helped shape his decisions as an adult to embrace his ethnicity.

"Those become spaces where it’s like, ‘Okay, how do I navigate the situation now?’ But it also has informed why I have my hair long today," Kaepernick told CBS.

The former San Francisco 49ers player drew national attention when he started protesting the national anthem, kneeling on the field during NFL games to protest police brutality and racism.

Since then, he has partnered with Netflix for a docudrama series based on his life, and with Ben & Jerry's ice cream for its non-dairy flavor "Change the Whirled." He has also made endorsement deals with Nike and other major companies over the years.The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) is under fire for going after Twitter CEO Elon Musk and demanding the tech giant hand over a number of internal documents.

The FTC is reportedly looking into Musk's 2022 takeover and is asking the company to "identify all journalists" who had access to the "Twitter Files," among other things. The government agency is also asking Twitter to turn over anything involving widespread layoffs, the Twitter Blue subscription service, and to provide all internal communications related to Musk.

It also wants to know why Twitter fired its deputy general counsel and former FBI lawyer Jim Baker.

Fox News' Judge Jeanine Pirro slammed the FTC Wednesday on "The Five," saying the move was taken from the left's playbook. "This is classic left ideology. Go after them. Trash the First Amendment. It doesn't matter," she said.

JIM BAKER, TWITTER LAWYER FIRED BY ELON MUSK, PLAYED KEY ROLE IN FBI'S TRUMP-RUSSIA COLLUSION PROBE

Pirro argued the reason the FTC is involved is "allegedly, they say that 'we are protecting consumers,' you know, from other people coming in like the Twitter Files and finding out who said what at what time."

However, she questioned why the agency was getting involved with a private company.

"Here's the bottom line: Twitter is a private company. The FTC wants to know why James Baker was fired. Why? Because he was with the FBI. You want to keep the FBI in there, so they can call and make sure that you monitor what's going on," Pirro claimed.

JIM BAKER, TWITTER LAWYER FIRED BY ELON MUSK, PLAYED KEY ROLE IN FBI'S TRUMP-RUSSIA COLLUSION PROBE

"The other excuse they're using is they're saying, ‘Look, there was a consent decree before Elon Musk even bought Twitter. And we got to make sure that, you know, the company has the ability to comply with a $150 million settlement.’"

Co-host Dana Perino echoed similar sentiments adding that it's none of the FTC's business what Elon Musk does with his company. "It's now a private company, but what he does with his company, that's literally none of their business," she said.

The FTC investigation reportedly began over concerns Twitter did not have the adequate resources to protect its users' privacy after the mass layoffs and budget cuts by Musk, according to the Boston Globe.

SCHUMER DEMANDS FTC INVESTIGATION INTO ‘JR-15’ RIFLE MARKETED TO KIDS: ‘DISGUSTING’

Details about the FTC's requests came from an interim staff report from the House Select Subcommittee on the Weaponization of the Federal Government, which accused the agency of "orchestrating an aggressive campaign to harass Twitter…"

"The Committee does not dispute that protecting user privacy and mitigating information security risks are important duties. Because of its consent decree with Twitter, the FTC has the authority to monitor how Twitter is protecting users’ private information, such as their phone numbers and email addresses. But the FTC is currently imposing some demands on Twitter that have no rational basis in user privacy," the report read.

"There is no logical reason, for example, why the FTC needs to know the identities of journalists engaging with Twitter. There is no logical reason why the FTC, on the basis of user privacy, needs to analyze all of Twitter’s personnel decisions. And there is no logical reason why the FTC needs every single internal Twitter communication about Elon Musk."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

An FTC spokesman told the Wall Street Journal, "Protecting consumers’ privacy is exactly what the FTC is supposed to do," adding the FTC "conducting a rigorous investigation into Twitter’s compliance with a consent order that came into effect long before Mr. Musk purchased the company."

Fox News' Joseph Wulfsohn contributed to this reportFormer U.S. Attorney General Bill Barr details the long-growing problem with Mexican cartels and urges officials take action after the slaying of two Americans who were kidnapped on " The Story ."

BILL BARR: This is just flapping gums. This problem has been getting ever more serious for almost 20 years now, and it's time to face up to the truth and the truth is that these are extremely powerful groups that effectively control broad areas of Mexico . The government doesn't control them, the Mexican government doesn't.

AMERICANS WHO SURVIVED MEXICO KIDNAPPING SHAKEN AFTER THEY ‘WATCHED’ OTHERS DIE: FAMILY

The cartels are in charge and second, the Mexican government allows them to operate from these safe havens and pump poisonous drugs up into the United States that are doing massive damage to our people and our economy, and it's not going to stop unless we destroy these organizations.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APPRanchers from across the country say their jobs under the Biden administration have gotten much more difficult, mired with uncertainty and needless regulation.

"It’s extremely difficult right now with the current administration," J.J. Goicoechea, a Nevada rancher told Fox News Digital. Other factors, such as inflation and a looming decision from the Supreme Court regarding water usage in the United States, are added elements of uncertainty, said Goicoechea, who is also the GOP-appointed director of the state's Department of Agriculture.

That uncertainty, he added, is driving many farmers and ranchers out of the industry.

NEVADA RANCHER WARNS INFLATION ISN'T OVER: AMERICANS SHOULD PREPARE TO PAY MORE FOR GROCERIES

"[It’s] 1,000 times harder," said Alisa Ogden, a New Mexico rancher. "It really is difficult. It’s hard to keep people working for you, just because of some of the free things they have gotten from the Biden administration."

"The uncertainty of everything has really caused a lot of issues," Ogden added.

Loren Patterson, also from New Mexico, said it’s "definitely been harder."

"We seem to have more regulatory pressures put on us, specifically through the Endangered Species Act, and then all the supply chain issues, getting supplies to our family ranches is getting more and more difficult," he added, noting that issues like fuel prices are "stacking and stacking the deck against us."

RANCHERS WARN DISEASE THAT WOULD ‘DECIMATE THE CATTLE INDUSTRY COULD CROSS THE SOUTHERN BORDER

Both Ogden and Patterson also highlighted that Biden’s border policies have made ranching in the southern states more difficult.

"Our family ranches are no longer a place for family," Patterson said. "We can’t take our children or wives out there and show them the ways of producing and animal husbandry and stewardship because it’s so dangerous."

Despite these criticisms, Todd Wilkinson, president of the National Cattleman’s Beef Association, said the Biden administration has engaged with the ranching community.

"Every administration has positives and negatives…with the Biden administration, they have had a pretty good dialogue with us, they seem to be concerned about our issues," he told Fox News Digital.

But even with that engagement, Wilkinson said it was not a "cakewalk."

"Certainly we disagree on some major issues, but it could be a lot worse," he added.

TEXAS RANCHER EVISCERATES ‘TRAITOROUS’ BIDEN, WARNS IT'S A ‘MATTER OF TIME’ BEFORE CARTELS ENTER BORDER TOWNS

Debbie Lyons-Blythe, a Kansas rancher also noted that the Biden administration has listened to the concerns of the industry, but said many of their policies are counter-productive.

Lyons-Blythe, who also serves as the president of the U.S. Roundtable on Sustainable Beef, said many of the administration’s climate priorities are counter-productive, and hinder ranchers' ability to create tangible change on their land.

"Unfortunately a lot of the laws that are being brought forth … I don’t think we’re going to be able to see a direct improvement. I’m afraid that many of them are coming forth from a position of not really improving the climate, but because they have an axe to grind," she said.

"It’s politics, and I’m sorry that it is impacting our food supply," she added. "We have got to be able to be free to continue our voluntary methods, and making sure that we are doing the right thing, and we don’t need more regulations to do that."

Rising fuel costs and inflation was noted as one of the key issues affecting the industry, but there was a solution, Goichoccchea said.

"Green energy is great, we’re not there yet," he said. "I think technology will get there eventually… we’ve got to get back to energy independence, so that price of input goes down. When the price of input goes down, the price of energy goes down."

MONTANA RANCHER PREDICTS BIDEN'S POLICIES COULD DIMINISH BEEF SUPPLY: ‘GOVERNMENT TAPE’

Ogden also emphasized the importance of stopping illegal immigration.

"You need to have that want, and desire, to come into the United States, … and to be able to be a productive person. And that’s all that we’re asking for. As long as there is no control over the border, this isn’t going to happen," she said.

Lyons-Smith said education, and active engagement with the ranching industry, are positive steps in curbing many of the problems within the industry.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"If you’re going to learn about what happens on a ranch, the person you should ask is a cattle rancher. You shouldn’t go talk to a politician, you shouldn’t talk to an activist. You should visit a ranch," she said.Several members of the media are now grasping at straws in order to excuse their dismissal of the lab-leak theory in 2020, many of them pointing fingers at former President Trump.

The notion that COVID leaked from the Wuhan Institute of Virology was widely dismissed as a racist "conspiracy theory" and "fringe" nonsense when it was first pushed by Republicans in 2020. But the COVID lab-leak theory has since been viewed as the most probably by the FBI and U.S. Energy Department, prompting the pundits and reporters who rejected it in the first place to blame Trump as such a lightning rod at the time, they essentially had no choice but to oppose it.

While many focus on the "low confidence" angle because the Energy Department isn’t certain where COVID originated – some other agencies still favor the natural origin hypothesis – others have suggested Trump and members of his administration were so vile and racist that their theory had to be dismissed out of hand.

FBI DIRECTOR SAYS COVID PANDEMIC ‘MOST LIKELY’ ORIGINATED FROM CHINESE LAB

"Everybody has an excuse for their bias and their activism and lack of logic," media analyst Joe Concha told Fox News Digital. "And when in doubt, break glass and blame Trump for everything."

"We had journalists and pundits and editorial boards who believed the Chinese Communist Party over Tom Cotton, Ted Cruz and the president of the United States, all because of their party affiliation, and there was an election after all here at home," Concha added.

On ABC’s "The View," co-host Sunny Hostin declared that Trump "unleashed xenophobia" during a conversation about the lab leak hypothesis. Co-host Whoopi Goldberg recently made excuses for comedian Jon Stewart, who famously embraced the lab leak theory in 2021 during an appearance on "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert."

"[Trump] made it about Asian people, and I’m sure Jon Stewart didn’t realize that that’s what was happening, because I’m sure he didn’t know what was going on all over the country with Asian folks getting smacked and hit and people saying stuff to them about bringing the disease here," Goldberg said.

"If you-know-who had not started with that, had he not made it about that," Goldberg continued, "had he said, 'Listen, this might have come out of a lab,’ it probably would have been listened to a lot differently."

MSNBC’s Mehdi Hasan insisted the lab-leak theory was dismissed because it was being "conflated" with the right's "anti-Fauci conspiracies."

"The simple reason why so many people weren’t keen to discuss the ‘lab leak *theory* is because it was originally conflated by the right with ‘Chinese bio weapon’ conspiracies and continues to be conflated by the right with anti-Fauci conspiracies. Blame the conspiracy theorists," Hasan tweeted.

CREDIBILITY CRISIS: MEDIA ‘FACT-CHECKERS’ WERE EAGER TO DEBUNK COVID LAB LEAK THEORY, HAD TO ISSUE CORRECTIONS

FiveThirtyEight founder Nate Silver mocked Hasan’s tweet, writing "This is so refreshingly honest. The Bad People thought the lab leak might be true, therefore as journalists we couldn't be expected to actually evaluate the evidence for it."

Left-wing CNN columnist Jill Filipovic was blunt, specifically naming Trump and blaming his rhetoric for the lab leak theory being dismissed.

"The best explanation I can come up with is that Trump's racist ‘China virus’ bulls--t, which resulted in lots of anti-Asian bigotry and attacks on Asian people, put liberals understandably on the defense against any theory that seemed to blame China for Covid," Filipovic tweeted.

MSNBC analyst John Heilemann told late-night host Bill Maher last week that Trump "politicized" the lab leak theory.

"The lab was always a thing where it could have been, where it could have come from," Heilemann said, although in 2020 he was one of the many liberal voices decrying it as nonsense. "But I will say if you go back to that time, why did people seize on the notion that they'll reject the lab leak theory? Because like everything else in COVID, Donald Trump politicized it from day one."

"His thing in the first two weeks was ‘kung flu’ and it's not that it started in a lab, that the Chinese released it on the world, that it was a bioweapon… It was in his political interest to make China the villain," he added.

The media trend of blaming Trump for why some figures wouldn't embrace the possibility that the coronavirus accidentally leaked from the a Chinese lab is nothing new. CNN’s former boss Jeff Zucker would not even allow his network to chase down the lab-leak story in the early months of the pandemic because he believed it was a "Trump talking point," a CNN insider recently told Fox News Digital.

"It is kind of crazy that we didn't chase it harder," the insider said.

CNN DISMISSES REDFIELD THEORY CORONAVIRUS CAME FROM WUHAN LAB AS 'CONTROVERSIAL' AND 'WITHOUT EVIDENCE'

Last week, MSNBC host Chris Hayes blamed "the larger culture war" for how the left rejected the lab-leak theory, though he did admit there was a "kernel of truth" that some voices were "too quick" to shut down the theory as the pandemic began unfolding; he cited Twitter as being wrong to flag such theories as misleading or disputed.

"It's clear now the lab leak is at least plausible… maybe not the most likely view, but not insane. But above all else, what the furor over the lab leak theory demonstrates is just how broken this form of political discourse has become, especially when it comes to discussing COVID-19, right?" Hayes said. "There is some set of facts about the world that we both need and want to know that then end up picking some up some ideological valence because of whatever role those facts play in culture war arguments."

Although it's back in the news this year, the lab-leak theory had already begun to gain credence in mainstream media since Trump left office more than two years ago. In 2021, ABC News correspondent Jonathan Karl said "some things may be true even if Donald Trump said them" when telling viewers why the lab hypothesis was largely rejected at the time.

"Because Trump was saying so much else that was just out of control, and because he was, you know, making a frankly racist appeal talking about Kung Flu, and the China virus, he said flatly this came from that lab, and it was widely dismissed," Karl said.

CREDIBILITY CRISIS: EGG ON MEDIA’S FACE AFTER DISMISSING COVID LAB LEAK AS 'DEBUNKED' CONSPIRACY THEORY

NBC's Chuck Todd also addressed the issue on "Meet The Press" in 2021, saying that "for many," the lab leak theory got "tangled up in politics" and was conflated with one theory that the Chinese released the virus deliberately.

Washington Post fact-checker Glenn Kessler similarly wrote, "The Trump administration’s messaging was often accompanied by anti-Chinese rhetoric that made it easier for skeptics to ignore its claims."

Kessler’s colleague Aaron Blake, wrote a 2021 analysis titled, "The vexing ‘lab leak’ theory on China and the coronavirus," in which he defended reporters dismissing the Trump administration claims that there was a high probability the virus originated in a lab.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Given everything we know about how Trump handled such things, caution and skepticism were invited. That (very much warranted) caution and skepticism spilled over into some oversimplification, particularly when it came to summarizing the often more circumspect reporting," Blake wrote.Pennsylvania Democrats are facing backlash after proposing a bill that would require parents seeking a school vaccine exemption to complete an approved vaccine education course first.

If passed, Senate bill 390 would mandate parents seeking vaccine mandate exemptions for their children on religious or moral grounds to review "scientifically accepted information prescribed by the Department of Health on the benefits and risks of immunization" and submit a form certified by a medical professional.

Keystone State mom Megan Brock joined "Fox & Friends First" to push back on left's efforts to "control" the younger generation.

FLORIDA GOV. RON DESANTIS SAYS THERE WILL BE NO CHILDREN'S COVID VACCINE MANDATE

"I think that Democrats really like control," Brock told Todd Piro Thursday. "I saw that even in my own local county, our Democrat commissioners made every single employee of the county get the COVID vaccine, or they were going to lose their job."

"So I think that there is a real push right now in Pennsylvania, across this country, from Democrats to control our children and to control the decisions we make for our children," she continued.

The current state policy only requires parents write a signed letter explaining why they are seeking a vaccine exemption. It does not require a medical professional's sign-off or any education-based requirement.

Brock argued the change in policy is an "attack" on both parental rights and the critical First Amendment right the U.S. was founded upon – freedom of religion.

PARENTS FUME OVER DR. FAUCI'S DEFLECTION ON SCHOOL CLOSURES: 'HE WAS COMPLICIT'

"It's an attack on parental rights, it's an attack on religious freedom… these are attacks we're seeing in schools across the country," Brock said.

"I think there's no reason that any person should have to give an explanation or attend an education session to explain a religious decision they made on behalf of their children," she continued. "It's just crazy."

Pennsylvania Democrat State Sen. Judith Schwank defended her decision to sponsor the legislation, citing broader health concerns within the community.

"I believe we can enhance health safety while maintaining our tradition of respect for religious beliefs and moral convictions by making sure parents receive accurate medical information before granting exemptions," she wrote on her campaign website.

But Brock was not convinced the measure was proposed in the best interest of America's most vulnerable, issuing a stark warning on how the Democrats' effort to "control" families could be indicative of a societal shift.

"When we look historically at how dictators or communist countries run, they go for our children," Brock said. "That's what they want. They want to control our children because they know if you control the next generation, then you control everything."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"And so it's really our job as parents to be involved in our communities and our local government and to push back when we see an effort to control our kids," she continued.

No state, including Pennsylvania, has mandated the COVID-19 vaccine for students. Only the District of Columbia has a mandate in place, according to National Academy for State Health Policy data. Twenty-one states have banned COVID-19 student vaccine mandates for students.An energy expert gave a fiery response to Democratic Rep. Cori Bush after she accused him of holding racist opinions.

The "Squad" congresswoman from Missouri accused fossil fuel advocate and House GOP witness Alex Epstein of once "espous[ing] White supremacist views" during a Wednesday hearing on the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.

As her evidence, Bush referenced Epstein calling Western culture superior to other cultures in his college newspaper.

CORI BUSH'S CAMPAIGN TOPS HALF MILLION DOLLARS TOWARDS PRIVATE SECURITY AFTER CALLING TO DEFUND POLICE

"For instance, in his 2000 college newspaper, he wrote, ‘The African American Studies Department has 23 classes. In many of these classes, African culture is presented not as inferior to Western culture, but as on equal footing with it,’" she began the quote.

Bush also cited Epstein critiquing his university for putting "Latin American, Indian and American Indian culture" on equal footing as Western culture.

The Democrat hit the Republican witness for "doubling down on this narrative" in a recent interview rather than "disavowing" it.

"We are not inferior to any culture, speaking as a descendant of one of those cultures," Bush retorted.

‘TWITTER FILES’ HEARING ERUPTS AS MATT TAIBBI REFUSES TO REVEAL SOURCES IN HEATED EXCHANGE WITH DEMOCRAT

Bush went on to accuse the GOP witness of coming there to "promote fossil fuels, which we know are disproportionately harming and killing Black and Brown people."

When it was his turn to respond, Epstein immediately disavowed the "despicable and false attack" before he dismantled the Democrat's argument.

"What I've argued for my entire adult life is that Western culture is superior in the sense that it promotes individualism and freedom," he responded.

Epstein said he has fought for freedom around the world his whole life and believed every person deserved the opportunities Americans had.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Epstein then argued that many places in the world were "inferior" because of inhumane cultural practices that were acceptable in that culture.

"They have female genital mutilation. They have slavery… These [cultures] are not as good as not mutilating females' genitals and not enslaving people. And so I make no apology," he shot back.

Epstein said Bush's characterization of his views were actually "racist."

"The idea that freedom and reason and individualism only apply to people of certain skin colors is the actual original racist idea," he told Bush.

The GOP witness appeared Thursday on "The Ingraham Angle," where he called Bush's behavior "embarrassing."

"I wrote very thorough testimony and sent it in to advance, and then this is what she leads with?" he recounted. "It was so embarrassing… I made so many points and not one of those points was addressed. It was only accusations of that [racism] or accusations of being some sort of stooge for the fossil fuel industry, which I also refuted."Fox News host Jesse Watters calls out Democrats for their treatment of journalists on " Jesse Watters Primetime ."

JESSE WATTERS: The Democrats are out for blood. They want to punish these journalists for blowing up the silent censorship arm of the Democratic Party. These reporters need to be broken just to send a message to the rest of the press: Don't cross the line.

DHS AGENCY APPEARS TO BE 'BURYING' EVIDENCE OF INVOLVEMENT WITH 'DOMESTIC CENSORSHIP ACTIVITIES': EXPERT

…

Democrats have always had a problem with journalists who report on their dirt. Remember, Obama spied on a Fox News reporter back in 2010? Took his phone records, tracked his movement, even stole his emails. Biden must have been taking notes because the president sent the Federal Trade Commission after Elon Musk demanding Musk rat on the journalists he worked with. Now, House Democrats don't want a private company to talk to a reporter that House Democrats don't approve of. So, Biden's Federal Trade Commission launched an investigation.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

…Eli Erlick, a prominent transgender activist, encouraged the distribution of extra hormone pills to transgender youth in states where their use is banned among minors. Eli wrote on Twitter that people should "share lifesaving medications".

Erlick told Fox News Digital she wished this was not the case.

"Every major medication organization in the country agrees that transgender people, including teens, need access to gender-affirming healthcare. We should have access to a physician that is willing to provide care through approved means," Erlick told Fox News Digital.

USA POWERLIFTING MUST LET TRANSGENDER ATHLETES COMPETE IN WOMEN'S DIVISION AFTER LOSING DISCRIMINATION CASE

"However, we will always find a way to obtain transgender medical treatment when we do not have formal access to it - no matter how many bans are put in place. Nobody wants the government to force them to share medication," she continued.

Erlick downplayed the potential repercussions for sharing hormones, tweeting "To my knowledge, there hasn't been a single case and sharing hormones is actually safer legally than it's given credit for."

"I order 4 times more estrogen & testosterone blockers than I actually take. You should, too," she tweeted in a separate post. "Several states have now banned trans medicine for minors but we won't let a single young person go without medication."

"Don’t want trans people to share hormones? Great, me neither. Stop trying to ban them," Erlick tweeted Friday.

ARKANSAS LEGISLATURE APPROVES CONTROVERSIAL TRANSGENDER BATHROOM BILL

Some states have limited the ability of minors to get cross-sex hormones, arguing they are too young to make medical decisions on their own that would permanently alter their bodies. They also argue that the increased number of youth identifying as transgender is the result of the popularizing of such life choices in pop culture rather than actual gender dysphoria.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Various Republican-led states have banned gender reassignment surgery and medication for minors. In Mississippi, Gov. Tate Reeves signed legislation into law that banned such practices for minors earlier this month.A rising number of high school students are giving up on college as "the only route to a good job, stability and a happy life," according to a new report.

"Why do I want to put in all the money to get a piece of paper that really isn’t going to help with what I’m doing right now?" Grayson Hart, a high school graduate who works in Jackson, Tennessee, reportedly told AP News.

"Hart is among hundreds of thousands of young people who came of age during the pandemic but didn’t go to college," the outlet explained, calling the trend a "crisis."

Or as AP News summarized in a video on dropping college enrollment, "COVID-era grads skip college over debt risks" and "jobs."

MARYMOUNT UNIVERSITY STUDENTS LAUNCH PROTESTS AFTER SCHOOL AXES MAJORS LIKE MATH, ENGLISH, RELIGIOUS STUDIES

"Economists say the impact could be dire," the article continued.

The shift away from college has taken hold of an entire generation, according to the AP story.

"At worst, it could signal a new generation with little faith in the value of a college degree. At minimum, it appears those who passed on college during the pandemic are opting out for good. Predictions that they would enroll after a year or two haven’t borne out."

On Twitter, AP warned that "educators, researchers and students" are reporting that they feel "jaded by education institutions ."

As a result, and "[l]argely left on their own amid remote learning," AP News added, "many took part-time jobs. Some felt they weren’t learning anything, and the idea of four more years of school, or even two, held little appeal."

One poll, conducted by the National Student Clearinghouse, revealed that undergraduate college enrollment dropped 8 percent from 2019 to 2022.

Another student profiled by AP News, Boone Williams, "took advanced classes and got A’s," but has chosen to master a trade.

"The pay is modest," the outlet wrote, "but eventually [Williams] expects to earn far more than friends who took quick jobs after high school."

NEW COLLEGE OF FLORIDA STUDENTS VOW 'AS LONG AS WE'RE HERE' DESANTIS 'CAN'T CHANGE THE CULTURE OF THIS SCHOOL'

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Dissatisfaction with higher education also seems to be growing among current students.

Marymount University, a Catholic liberal arts university in northern Virginia, voiced outrage after their school eliminated a number of majors at the school, including religious studies, math, English, philosophy, art, history, sociology, economics, and secondary education.Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich calls out Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg on "America Reports" Thursday for his "incompetence," saying that he would have been fired but he checks several boxes for the Biden administration.

NEWT GINGRICH: I think Buttigieg is a perfect example of the danger of setting up some kind of program that says we don't care how competent you are. We care whether or not you fit some box we've created. He happened to be, I think, perfect for the Biden administration because he was the kind of person who represented, for the gay community, a unique appointment. The problem was he's incompetent. It's not a question about his sexual orientation. It's a question about competence.

PETE BUTTIGIEG'S RESIGNATION DEMANDED ON HOUSE FLOOR: ‘UNFIT TO LEAD'

The Department of Transportation is an operating department. The airplanes have to fly. The trains have to move. The roads have to be built. And the ports have to operate. And what you have is a secretary of transportation whose peak experience was the part-time mayor of a small town. He has no possible ability to manage this huge, complex program. He proved it in the last few months when he didn't know how to respond to the problems that happened with one airline.

He didn't know how to respond when the entire air traffic control system was closed down for the first time since 9/11. Literally every plane in the country - grounded. He didn't know how to respond when we had a train wreck in a small town with a chemical fire. I mean, how many times, you know, in baseball, that's three strikes. How many times do you have to watch him to realize that Buttigieg is a PR agent?

He goes around and flies here and there and makes speeches occasionally, but he doesn't have a clue how to actually run the Department of Transportation. For example, I was surprised to learn from him that there are a thousand derailments a year. Well, if that's true, what's our program to dramatically reduce that and to make it much easier and safer to respond to a derailment?

…

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

I mean, if the Biden administration was serious about the safety of the American people and serious about the competence of our transportation system. Buttigieg would be gone by this evening. He's a perfect symbol of incompetency protected by political standards that, in fact, have no place in trying to run the government.House Democrats on Thursday repeatedly disparaged hearing witnesses Matt Taibbi and Michael Shellenberger, two of the media figures behind breaking the "Twitter Files," implying they were paid off and not true journalists.

On several occasions, Democratic members of the House Judiciary Select Committee on the Weaponization of the Federal Government suggested that the two witnesses were unbecoming of their title and had only covered the Twitter Files for monetary gain.

In addition, Taibbi and Shellenberger were accused of "cherrypicking" information from internal Twitter communications to support GOP talking points.

Stacey Plaskett, a Democratic delegate for the Virgin Islands and the committee ranking member, began her opening remarks by claiming the Twitter Files provided no evidence of pressure from the federal government onto the tech giant.

FTC RIPPED FOR GOING AFTER ELON MUSK: 'CLASSIC LEFT IDEOLOGY - GO AFTER THEM, TRASH THE FIRST AMENDMENT'

"This isn't just a matter of what data was given to these so-called journalists before us now. There are many legitimate questions about where Musk got the financing to buy Twitter," she said.

Her characterization of the witnesses sparked a response, with Taibbi shaking his head in disbelief and Shellenberger quietly laughing to himself.

Plaskett also referred to Taibbi and Shellenberger as "Elon Musk's public scribes" and accused them of releasing "cherrypicked" and "out-of-context" emails designed to promote the "chosen narrative" of Musk and Republicans.

At the end of her remarks, Plaskett played a video of former Head of Trust and Safety at Twitter, Yoel Roth, who last month told Congress that the information contained in the Twitter Files, as well as Musk's public comments against him, forced him to flee and sell his home.

"Mr. Chairman, I'm not exaggerating when I say that you have called before you two witnesses who pose a direct threat to people who oppose them," Plaskett said after the video concluded.

WHAT ELON MUSK'S TWITTER FILES HAVE UNCOVERED ABOUT THE TECH GIANT SO FAR

Her comments were met with strong words from Chairman Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, who demanded her words be struck from the record.

But, Plaskett doubled down and later tweeted her comments about Taibbi and Shellenberger posing a "direct threat" as well.

Shortly after that, Taibbi used his opening remarks to fire back, saying, "Ranking member Plaskett, I'm not a so-called journalist. I've won the National Magazine Award, the IF Stone Award for Independent Journalism and I've written ten books."

Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz, D-Fla., later used her five minutes to make suggestive comments about Taibbi and Shellenberger's journalistic standards and their motivations.

Moments into her line of questioning, Schultz claimed that the mere fact Taibbi had been called as a Republican witness "casts a cloud" over his objectivity. She also described him as "Elon Musk's handpicked journalist" before adding, "pardon the oxymoron."

She then read off a quote from Taibbi, who told podcast host Joe Rogan on December 7, 2021, "Once you start getting handed things, then you've lost. They have you at that point and you gotta get out of that habit. You just can't cross that line."

TWITTER FILES PART 11 SHOWS HOW ‘PR CIRIS’ FOLLOWING 2016 ELECTION ALLOWED COMPANY TO EMBRACE INTEL COMMUNITY

At the time, Taibbi talked about how journalists must understand the importance of releasing information to the public even with the knowledge that a source, such as the federal government, may hold their own motivations for making a journalist privy to that data.

"You crossed that line with the Twitter Files," Schultz said.

When Taibbi attempted to interject and denounce her characterization, Schultz reclaimed her time and instructed Taibbi not to interrupt. She then insinuated that Taibbi had knowingly peddled one-sided information for profit.

"Elon Musk spoon-fed you his cherrypicked information which you must have suspected was a slanted viewpoint, or at the very least generate another right-wing conspiracy theory. You violated your own standard and appeared to have benefited from it," she said.

Schultz, noting an increase in Taibbi's Twitter followers, also said it was "quite obvious" that he had profited from the Twitter Files.

In several instances, Democrats on the committee asked Taibbi who first approached him about the Twitter Files and when he told them they were confidential sources, they pressed for more information.

ELON MUSK GIVES DAVE RUBIN BEHIND-THE-SCENES LOOK AT TWITTER AND WHAT CAUSES SHADOWBANS

"Well, the attribution for my story is sources at Twitter and that's what I'm going to refer to," Taibbi said when asked by Plaskett.

Jordan then asked Plaskett if she was trying to get journalists to reveal their sources, but she denied the allegation.

The issue of sources later cropped up again when Rep. Sylvia R. Garcia, D-Texas, asked Taibbi when Musk first approached him to partake in the Twitter Files project.

Taibbi began to say he couldn't reveal that information when Garcia insisted she simply needed a date.

"I can't give it to you, unfortunately, because this is a question of sourcing, and I'm a journalist. I don't reveal my sources," Taibbi said.

Garcia said it's not about the source, but rather chronology, but he didn't agree.

"No, that's a question of sources," Taibbi said.

The Democrat from Texas continued to press the issue.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"You earlier said that someone had sent you through the internet, some message about whether or not you would be interested in some information," Garcia said.

"Yes, and I referred to that person as a source," Taibbi shot back.

Garcia asked, "So you're not going to tell us when Musk first approached you?"

"Again, congresswoman, you're asking a journalist to reveal a source," Taibbi said.

Garcia asked if he considers Musk to be the direct source.

"Now you're trying to get me to say that he is the source, I can't answer your question," Taibbi said.

Garcia said the "only logical conclusion" is that Musk is a source, but Taibbi told her she was "free to conclude" whatever she wants.Media outlets were accused of inadvertently proving Gov. Ron DeSantis, R-Fla., right after it was revealed that some live feeds to his presentation on the "book ban hoax" were cut for displaying "sensitive" or "explicit" content.

On Wednesday, the governor hosted a video presentation addressing the media narrative surrounding his efforts to remove political and sexual content from Florida school libraries. During what he described as "debunking the mainstream media," DeSantis featured a video displaying of books that have been banned from school libraries.

After these images were featured, it was reported that local news affiliates cut the live feed, suggesting that they were too explicit to feature on their stations.

"UPDATE: Some of the media had to cut their feed when books with graphic content were displayed that were found in K-12 school libraries," DeSantis press secretary Bryan Griffin tweeted.

RANDI WEINGARTEN CHIDES DESANTIS IN POORLY WORDED TWEET, GETS MOCKED ONLINE: ‘SHE KNOWS IT IS ALL LIES’

The claim was confirmed by WFLA investigative journalist Masha Saeidi, who revealed that her station’s feed went down for the five-minute presentation featuring the book images.

"Our feed is back up on @WFLA— @GovRonDeSantis takes stage —after 5 minute video showing sexually explicit content/books that DeSantis’ office says were found in Florida schools," Saeidi tweeted.

She later explained, "I’ll say it again. When we were told sexually explicit content would be shown - we went down. I am not disputing that. I emailed my newsroom, concerned. Then after that - around 11:21 - we had a technical issue when @SenMannyDiazJr was speaking. True technical issue."

"I am NOT saying we would air that content. It was explicit. I have not seen that on our news before— there would have to be a discussion and manager approval— however, the warning is why we did not show it," Saeidi added.

DeSantis remarked on news feeds being cut after the video had concluded.

DESANTIS SHOOTS DOWN MEDIA CLAIMS HE SUPPORTS ‘BLOGGER BILL’: ‘NOT ANYTHING THAT I’VE EVER SUPPORTED’

"So first of all, I think that video, I think some of the news had to cut the feed because it’s graphic," DeSantis commented.

"So a lot of that what’s been going on is an attempt to create a political narrative," he added. "And it’s a false political narrative. And that’s bad enough as it is, I guess, but for me, the important thing is that’s a false narrative in service of using our schools for indoctrination rather than education."

In addition to live feeds being cut, Twitter also marked video of the coverage as "potentially sensitive content."

In a comment to Fox News Digital, Griffin commented on the reports of news outlets cutting the live feeds.

"If these materials are not appropriate to show on the news, are they appropriate for children to be reading?" Griffin said.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Today, Governor DeSantis disabused the media’s false narratives surrounding Florida’s educational standardS," he continued. "Florida doesn’t ‘ban books’, but pornography is prohibited in schools and CRT will not be utilized as educational material. Florida teaches African American history, but we will not allow the subject to become a vehicle for agenda-driven political advocacy. And most importantly, as the governor noted, ‘[T]hese are false narratives—that is important—but it’s a false narrative in service of trying to use the schools for an inappropriate purpose.’"A Sarasota, Florida, school board member claimed that Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis "hit-listed" who he saw as "woke" school members and compared his policies to "Germany."

Sarasota County board Tom Edwards told Mother Jones that the governor "hit-listed those he sees as the few remaining ‘woke’ school board members" who do not "agree with his attempts to turn back the clock on public school education."

"Ironically, I appreciate the opportunity given to me by the governor…to be an upstander," he continued. "I will never step away from what I believe is the right thing to do for Sarasota County’s students, teachers, parents, and citizens."

DESANTIS SAYS FLORIDA WILL CUT FUNDING TO ALL CRT, DEI PROGRAMS: ‘WITHER ON THE VINE’

Edwards, a self-proclaimed "moderate" and a retired businessman who was elected for a four-year school board seat, was speaking with Mother Jones about the state of public education in Florida. Edwards is also a "registered Democrat" and ran on a platform to safely reopen schools and opposed school-choice measures.

"He’s attacking me as a school board member because I disagree with his policies. I will tell you that the gauntlet was thrown down by being called the most woke school board member in America," Edwards said.

"If woke means developing programs that enhance the educational outcomes of our students and benefit my community, if woke means fostering critical thinking, if woke means creating a welcoming and inclusive environment for all students, then I wear it as a badge of honor."

Edwards’ comments came after DeSantis rolled out a list of more than a dozen school board members he plans to target in 2024 to protect Florida students and parents from "woke" ideologies seeping into classrooms across the Sunshine State, Fox News Digital has learned.

DeSantis met with Florida House Speaker Paul Renner, Moms for Liberty co-founders Tina Descovich and Tiffany Justice and key leaders in Florida's school board reform movement in a Tuesday morning meeting.

FLORIDA STATE UNIVERSITY HAS BEEN SEIZED BY THE DEI BUREAUCRACY

During that strategy session, DeSantis unveiled his initial 2024 school board target list, which features 14 school board members across the state who "do not protect parental rights and have failed to protect students from woke ideologies."

The school board members DeSantis plans to target are from Brevard County, Duval County, Hillsborough County, Indian River County, Miami-Dade County, Pinellas County, Volusia County and Sarasota County.

Fox News Digital has learned that, ahead of 2024, DeSantis will work with key leaders in the state’s school board reform movement to identify the first round of opportunities to recruit new candidates to serve on boards across Florida.

Elected officials typically did not get involved in school board elections until the recent movement of parents protesting against COVID restrictions like school lock-downs and progressive curriculum.

THE ENDGAME FOR UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA'S RADICAL RACIAL REEDUCATION PLAN

Edwards called DeSantis a bully for revoking Disney’s self-governing power and putting the media giant under the control of a state board. Disney’s punishment came after the theme park went against the state’s Parental Rights in Education Act, which bars teachers from instructing students in kindergarten through third grade on sexual orientation and gender identity.

"Frankly, it’s nothing more than bullying. It’s bullying he did to Disney. It’s bullying he’s doing to New College. It’s bullying he did to students wearing masks in his presence. It’s bullying he did to our LGBTQ+ students. And now he’s doing it to me. None of those people did anything wrong but disagree with him," Edwards said.

Furthermore, when commenting on the state of Florida's public education, Edwards compared DeSantis' policies to "Germany."

"Just like what happened in Germany, the intimidation and the bullying is happening here in Sarasota and around the state of Florida. My community comes up to me all the time privately and tells me how proud they are that I’m on the board and that I am the voice of reason, and that the other four board members are extreme."

Edwards declined Fox News Digital's request for comment.

CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP

DeSantis' policies underscore the phenomenon of parents across the country paying closer attention to school boards by challenging progressive curricula and contesting books they deemed inappropriate.

For example, Fox News Digital previously reported on Tampa residents raising concern over a sex education curriculum at a school board meeting, claiming it violated state laws.

Video of the "special called" Hillsborough County Public Schools board meeting was organized to focus on the controversial sex education curriculum that was sought to be overthrown by petitioners.

The other speakers addressed topics such as sexuality, gender identity, and sexual activity. The speakers have been active in calling out the material in the district’s sex education curriculum since September 20, when the board initially voted to adopt the sex education curriculum .

Fox News' Brooke Singman contributed to this report.U.S. Department of Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm claimed Friday that Americans can "learn from what China is doing" in combating climate change.

During an interview at the annual SXSW conference in Austin, Texas, Granholm sang the praises of China for its efforts to reduce climate change, claiming the country is actually "very sensitive" about the issue, more so than the United States.

Granholm made these claims despite the fact that China recently hit its coal-production record last year. According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, "55% of China’s energy" now comes from fossil fuel "compared to 11% in the U.S."

TOP REPUBLICAN RAISES ALARM ON BIDEN ENERGY SECRETARY'S WORK WITH CHINA-CONNECTED GROUP PUSHING GAS STOVE BAN

SXSW Studio host Wajahat Ali conducted the interview with Granholm and mentioned China’s negligence on climate during their discussion.

He prompted Granholm, saying that China and the U.S. are doing "so much damage to the world" by neglecting the climate.

Ali said, "I want to talk about accountability. We don’t know what’s going to happen, but — with China specifically, right? When we’re talking about, if it’s Wuhan, or if it’s not, but accountability when it comes to those countries that are doing so much damage to the world, when it comes to climate change. I hate to say it’s China and it’s also the United States of America."

He asked, "How do we hold China and ourselves accountable for what we are doing around the world?"

Granholm said that the U.S., led by official Climate Envoy John Kerry, has been trying to "get all of these countries to agree to very aggressive targets to be able to make sure that we don’t get climate — global warming happening over, you know, 1.5 degrees."

BIDEN ADMIN CRACKS DOWN ON WASHERS, FRIDGES IN LATEST CLIMATE ACTION: 'OVERREGULATION ON STEROIDS'

She explained how the U.S. wants "to get to net zero by 2050" and is "really pushing other countries to do the same."

Granholm said, "I mean, there’s a couple of countries that we know are outliers and don’t care," but clarified that China isn’t actually one of them.

She then praised China’s climate change efforts, saying, "But, I think China has done — has been very sensitive, and has actually invested a lot in their solutions, to achieve their goals."

Granholm added, "So we’re — we’re hopeful that, you know, we can all learn from what China is doing."

The secretary also noted, "the amount of money that they’re investing in clean energy is actually, you know, encouraging."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The U.S. and China have agreed to cooperate on the climate crisis in the last couple of years, though some experts don’t believe that China is as serious about protecting the climate as the country claims.Former CDC director Dr. Robert Redfield delivered bombshell testimony during Wednesday's House hearing on the origins of the COVID-19 pandemic, revealing he was excluded from calls between global health experts and arguing Dr. Anthony Fauci acted "antithetical to science" when rejecting discussion around the lab leak theory. As the committee searches for answers on the pandemic origins and assesses claims Dr. Fauci was part of a "cover-up," "Fox & Friends Weekend" co-host Will Cain argued on "The Faulkner Focus" Thursday that Fauci's actions surrounding the pandemic origins were "covering up his own culpability."

FAUCI, ALLIES' COVID THEORY APPROACH ‘ANTITHETICAL TO SCIENCE,' EX-CDC CHIEF SAYS AFTER SNUB COMES TO LIGHT

WILL CAIN: And yet, still today, if you question Fauci's sainthood, you are a wing nut. Redfield, again, it's worth underlining and highlighting, former director of the CDC laid out a couple of really fascinating points that I want to reiterate. First of all, in September of 2019, that Wuhan lab changed three protocols that imply guilt. They deleted the strains, the codes of the virus. They changed from civilian to military oversight. And then they brought in a contractor, a civilian contractor, to change the ventilation system. Every one of those pieces of big circumstantial evidence pointing to their own guilt that it was a virus created in a lab.

And yet then we see the cover-up. Fauci in league with social media, of course, paints anyone who points to that truth as a conspiracy theorist and then again pays off $9 million in grants to two scientists who said, Hey, this looks like it was made in the lab. They flip. All of a sudden, they're on the same script as every other scientist out there saying it's of natural origin. Then the most fascinating question, why? … The reason why Fauci would go to such great lengths is because of his own culpability. What he's covering up is his guilt in helping fund this worldwide pandemic.

The more interesting question isn't Fauci, because that seems obvious to me, it's why did the entire scientific community rally behind Fauci? And that gets us to, well, masks, lockdowns, vaccines. It's because science is lost, and it is not science, it is scientism. And it followed Saint Fauci wherever it told them they should march. That's why the scientific community fell behind the guy who was covering up his own culpability.Democrats on the new House subcommittee investigating "weaponization of the federal government" were unethically trying to get two journalists who identify as liberals to reveal their sources during a contentious hearing on "The Twitter Files" Thursday, Jim Jordan claimed to Fox News.

Jordan, chairman of the House Select Subcommittee on the Weaponization of the Federal Government, criticized several Democratic panel members' behavior, including Del. Stacey Plaskett, D-Virgin Islands – the ranking member who claimed at one point progressive journalist Matt Taibbi and former California Democratic gubernatorial candidate Michael Shellenberger were acting as Twitter CEO Elon Musk's "scribes" as a means to a right-wing political end. (A decade ago, Taibbi notably raised his profile reporting extensively on the left-wing Occupy Wall Street protests in New York.)

Jordan responded incredulously to comments from Plaskett, and other vocal Democratic panelists Reps. Sylvia Garcia of Texas and Deborah Wasserman Schultz of Florida, telling "The Story" that Taibbi and Shellenberger are in no way pro-Trump or even Republican-leaning. Attempts to force journalists to betray their sources are contrary to the First Amendment Democrats claim to revere, he argued.

MAXINE WATERS SNAPS AT JIM JORDAN AS FAUCI HEARING ERUPTS INTO SHOUTING MATCH

At one point, Garcia engaged Taibbi in a tense back-and-forth over whether Musk was his source.

"When we talk about there being a threat to the First Amendment, our two great witnesses today said that there definitely is," Jordan said. "And we know that because we saw it in the committee itself when two Democrats said to the witnesses, two journalists, ‘Who were your sources?’ You can't do that."

Committee Democrats don't like that Taibbi and Shellenberger are "reporting the truth," Jordan argued, saying he recalled how the political left used to publicly embrace the First Amendment and fervently defend journalists.

One such example occurred only a few years ago when then-President Donald Trump was lambasted for attacking CNN reporter Jim Acosta – whose employer claimed in a statement at the time his ensuing temporary ban from the White House was "retaliation for his challenging questions."

JORDAN DEMANDS ANSWERS FROM WRAY AT FBI HEARING

"Now [Democrats] attack anyone who's conveying the truth to the American people, even two award-winning New York Times best-selling journalists like the individuals we had in front of us," Jordan said.

Wasserman Schultz also engaged Taibbi in a terse grilling, accusing him of profiteering from his role in releasing some of ‘The Twitter Files.’ Taibbi denied the claim.

Potentially the most heated part of the hearing occurred when Garcia was questioning Taibbi regarding Musk and sourcing. Taibbi's response that he could not "reveal my sources" set off several moments of crosstalk during which Jordan, Plaskett and Wasserman Schultz could be heard commenting on or objecting to the questioning.

"You're asking a journalist to reveal a source," Taibbi said, as Plaskett soon interjected, saying either Musk "is the source, and he can't talk about it or Musk is not the source… and he can discuss the conversation." This set off the crosstalk, with Jordan and Plaskett accusing each other of not being formally recognized to speak during Garcia's time.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

On "The Story," Jordan added that the Federal Trade Commission also allegedly "sent all kinds of letters to Twitter" demanding it reveal the identities of journalists it is engaging with, naming both Taibbi and Shellenberger.

"First, it's the FTC coming after [them], and today it's Democrat members of that Congress asking for their sources. And yet the Democrats say there's no attack on freedom of the press and freedom of speech. You've got to be kidding me. I've never seen anything like this," he said.The American Red Cross is under fire for reportedly providing migrants with maps and guides to help them make the dangerous journey through Mexico to the U.S. border.

Packets stamped with the American Red Cross logo revealed by the Daily Caller News Foundation include the locations of hotels and clinics, routes to American border cities and tips on "self care" and the use of contraceptives.

Arizona Sheriff Mark Lamb said the packets prove how treacherous the journey is.

"They didn't tell asthmatics to bring their inhalers. They didn't tell diabetics to bring their diabetes medicine, but they did tell the women to bring contraceptives because they know that women are being raped," Lamb said on "Fox & Friends First" Friday.

LATEST MIGRANT DEATHS IN RIO GRANDE HIGHLIGHT EXTREME DANGERS FACING BORDER CROSSERS

Lamb argued the message the American Red Cross should send instead is: "Do not cross."

The journey, the desert, the snakes and the people are all too dangerous, he said.

"We can't keep making it easy for them and telling them how to do it."

Lamb then called out the Biden administration for failing to address the migration and drug crises at the border and, as a result, "emboldening" criminal cartels.

"The weakness of these policies has created strength for the cartels," Lamb said.

Lamb said cartels feel like they can get away with anything – from kidnapping and killing Americans to trafficking drugs like fentanyl.

US ISSUES ‘DO NOT TRAVEL’ WARNING FOR PARTS OF MEXICO AS SPRING BREAK APPROACHES

The sheriff, who said he has also lost a child recently, offered prayers and condolences for the families of the two Americans recently killed by cartel members in Matamoros, Mexico. He said the U.S. government now needs to act swiftly and strongly in response.

"We cannot let this kind of behavior go unchecked or it's going to just continue to cause problems. It's going to cost more American lives," Lamb told host Ashley Strohmier.

"Let's not forget the 107,000 American lives that were poisoned last year. Those lives matter as well," he said in reference to U.S. fentanyl deaths.

Mexican President Obrador, however, claimed Thursday his country doesn’t produce fentanyl and said it’s an American problem.

"They don't care about American lives," Lamb responded. "They don't care that the fentanyl poisoning that's coming from Mexico is killing American lives every day. It doesn't matter to them, and it won't start mattering to them until they're impacted by it.

MEXICAN CARTEL ‘APOLOGIZES’ IN LETTER FOR KIDNAPPING, MURDER OF AMERICANS, TURNS IN MEMBERS ‘RESPONSIBLE’

Lamb said Americans should be very concerned about the Mexican government’s seemingly friendly relationship with the cartels.

Obrador also discouraged the U.S. military from sending troops to the border, a measure that Lamb said is needed.

"I don't think Afghanistan or Iraq necessarily wanted us there either, but we went over there," he said. "We got this right at our doorstep. This is right in our backyard."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

He said his community is feeling frustrated and left behind by the administration’s lack of action.

"We just don’t have the strength that we need along the border, and [cartels] know that," he said. "So yes, having a stronger presence, whether it's the military, more Border Patrol agents, more local law enforcement, a stronger presence would absolutely decrease this traffic we're seeing.""Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3" director James Gunn rejected claims from an Instagram user who accused the filmmaker of casting a Black actor based on race.

Gunn insisted he hired actor Chukwudi Iwuji for the Marvel sequel because he is the "best actor" for the role, not because his skin color allowed him to fill some diversity quota.

The director accused the Instagram user of displaying his own "racist presumptions" with the claim.

JAMES GUNN SPEAKS OUT ABOUT MARTIN SCORSESE'S PAST CRITICISM OF MARVEL MOVIES

The exchange happened Monday after the director posted a photo of Iwuji on the set of "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3" with the caption, "Can’t wait for you all to meet this guy."

Iwuji had been cast as the villain "High Evolutionary" in the upcoming superhero blockbuster. The character originally debuted in the "Thor" comic book series created by Stan Lee in the sixties and was an English scientist who went mad with his genetic experiments.

One social media user didn’t seem too happy about the choice to cast the originally White character as a Black man.

Commenting on the picture, they wrote, "D*****… another white guy they made into a black guy. Why couldn’t they just leave him white or I don’t’ know … pick a different minority? How about Asian or gasp! A Latino? (how many Latinos and Asians in MCU? Like total of 5??) Or make him an Indian or something…because they don’t and won’t, that makes them ‘woke.'"

DC STUDIOS BOSS JAMES GUNN SINKS CANCEL CULTURE EFFORT AGAINST STAR: DON’T KEEP A LIST OF ‘WHAT PEOPLE THINK’

The user’s lengthy comment continued: "Next time, a major character (hero/villain) will be a trans or homosexual or non-binary (when in comics they are not). Sad and pathetic."

It added, "They’re picking based on race and what’s PC and not on acting and what’s established."

The heavy critique actually caught Gunn’s eye who took time out of his day to rebuke the claim, insisting that he cast the actor for his quality, not his skin color.

Gunn wrote, "I chose the best actor, period, and the best person for the role. I don’t give a s*** what ethnicity @chukwudi_iwuji is, so stop with your racist presumptions on WHY he was chosen. (And, by the way, he’s playing a guy who’s almost always purple in the color."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The "Guardians of the Galaxy" director has worked with Iwuji before on the set of "Peacemaker," the HBO Max series based on the DC Comics hero. The raunchy superhero series was directed by Gunn and starred Iwuji alongside WWE superstar-turned-actor John Cena, who played the series protagonist.A "genderqueer shapeshifter" provided professional development training to teachers at a Colorado school district and offered instruction on the difference between gender identity, expression and sex assigned at birth.

In a presentation agenda obtained by Parents Defending Education (PDE) and first reported by The Daily Caller, Thompson School District allegedly hosted a virtual counselor meeting for educators K-12 in 2021 featuring Silen Wellington (they/them), a self-described "artist of people" and "genderqueer shapeshifter."

Following a public records request, the school district informed PDE that they did not possess any training materials but forwarded an event agenda. According to the agenda, Wellington taught the teachers "do's and don'ts with language around trans identity" and "the importance of pronouns."

Wellington allegedly also discussed "gender dysphoria as a diagnosis," "why language matters," deadnaming, neopronouns, transitioning, intersex, two-spirit, queer and nonbinary, asexual and aromantic people.

CHRISTIAN UNIVERSITY'S STUDENTS' CAREERS TAKE A HIT AFTER DISTRICT 'PUNISHED' THEM FOR THEIR BELIEFS: ADMIN

next Image 1 of 3

prev next Image 2 of 3

prev Image 3 of 3

Throughout the 2021-2022 school year, Poudre School District also allegedly hosted trainings with Wellington, focusing on the "ABCs of LGBTQIA" and "school culture equity practices."

Another training by Wellington at the school district focused on "culturally sustaining pedagogy" and how educators can tackle "interpersonal, institutional, cultural and structural racism and other forms of oppression."

Wellington, a well-known political activist for transgender issues, also refers to themselves as a "witch" and a "sculptor of sound."

SCHOOL LIBRARIAN PRIVATELY DEFENDS PORNOGRAPHIC BOOK ON 'SEX PARTIES' BY INVOKING HOLY BIBLE: 'SLIPPERY SLOPE'

"Their work has been performed in gardens whispering delightful fae dances to the trans-ancestors that escape definition. Their work has featured boys in dresses next to saxophones, prescription label collages amid chaotic soundscapes of dysphoria, nonbinary shadow puppets behind sheets of rainbow light, and intramuscular testosterone injections under expansive life-giving harmonics," Wellington's website reads.

In a statement to Fox News Digital, PDE Director of Community Engagement Mailyn Salabarria said, "Time and time again we continue to see ideological agendas permeating the curriculum in our schools."

"It is inconceivable and a gross misuse of taxpayer's monies that Thompson School District allowed a known transgender activist to train staff members on the implementation of politically driven social justice topics into everyday teachings throughout our children's classrooms," she added.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Poudre School District, Thompson School District and Wellington did not return Fox News Digital's request for comment.A Christian missionary group announced it was suing Washington state last week over the new interpretation of a law that they say prevents them from hiring "likeminded" individuals who share their Christian values, according to Alliance Defending Freedom (ADF) whose attorneys are representing the group.

"Religious organizations are free to hire employees that are aligned with and live out their religious beliefs," ADF Senior Counsel Ryan Tucker told Fox News Digital. "Washington state has a nondiscrimination law in place, and for years, religious organizations have been able to hire individuals aligned with their beliefs with no problem."

"The Washington Supreme Court recently gutted the state's religious employer exemption, and that law, which allows them to hire like-minded individuals," he added. "Now all religious organizations in the state, including Yakima Union Gospel Mission, are in harms way due to the state's actions."

UK WOMAN ARRESTED A SECOND TIME FOR ‘OFFENSE’ OF SILENTLY PRAYING OUTSIDE ABORTION CLINIC: ‘THIS ISN’T 1984'

Through the lawsuit, Yakima Union Gospel Mission (YUGM) is fighting to protect what its lawyers argue is the organization's constitutional right to hire people who live by its mission "to spread the Gospel of Jesus Christ through its homeless shelter, addiction-recovery programs, outreach efforts, meal services, and health clinics for the Yakima community."

The Washington Law Against Discrimination (WLAD) prohibits sexual orientation discrimination in employment, and the lawsuit claims Washington state officials view the mission's employee requirements as "unlawful sexual orientation discrimination" under the law.

ADF asserts that the Washington Supreme Court "reinterpreted state law to prohibit religious organizations, like the mission, from only hiring individuals who share its religious beliefs" and as a result, state officials are now "threatening the mission with significant penalties for using its religiously based hiring practices."

Yakima Union Gospel Mission CEO Mike Johnson told Fox News Digital this new interpretation has forced them to pause hiring.

"Everything has really changed over the last couple of years for us," Johnson said. "We've had to completely eliminate all of our public advertising for positions because we started getting a whole bunch of hostile applications."

"The state Attorney General is going after another organization like ours right now, so we've pulled down a couple of open positions," he added. "Every job opening we have now, we have to weigh the risk of advertising this position with the risk of not filling it, because everything has become so risky for us now."

He said YUGM has received applications from people who openly disagree with or are hostile to the group's religious beliefs on marriage and sexuality, which recently forced his organization to take down an online posting for an IT technician position to avoid being penalized by the state. Since then, YUGM has refrained from posting an operations assistant position and has halted hiring.

"The Yakima Mission recently received an application for an IT position, and the applicant said that the Bible was, quote unquote, false and that religion was indoctrination," Tucker said. "Clearly a Christian mission shouldn't be forced to hire individuals who do not believe in the Bible, but under Washington's interpretation of its nondiscrimination law, it would have to do so. So that's why the Yakima mission is bringing this lawsuit."

‘I’M GOING TO STICK TO GOD:' HEARING ERUPTS AS REP. BISHOP CONDEMNS DEMOCRATS' ‘MODERN VIEW’ OF RELIGION

YUGM states that it serves everybody equally, but is able to further its religious purpose by "maintaining an internal body" of "likeminded believers who agree with and live out the Mission’s Christian beliefs and practices." YUGM employees must adhere to certain Christian requirements which includes "abstaining from any sexual conduct outside of biblical marriage between one man and one woman—in order to properly live out and represent a Christian lifestyle and to not undermine the Mission’s religious message."

"We just want to be able to do our jobs to be able to keep loving people in Jesus' name and now just everything is fraught," he added. "We're deathly afraid that we're the next one's for the attorney general to come after."

Johnson stressed the implications that the new interpretation of WLAD has for all religious organizations, not just the mission.

"I think that it's important for people to understand that this isn't just about the Mission, that every organization like ours, every organization that's faith based in the state of Washington right now, is under a very unique situation in which our rights have been severely curtailed and our ability to be who we are and ensure that continuity by hiring people that share our faith," he said.

YUGM provided a total of 30,167 nights of shelter to 881 different adults and 3,592 nights of shelter to children from July 1, 2021 to June 30, 2022, according to the lawsuit. The organization also provides three free meals a day to both the public and shelter guests, which served 141,629 free meals during that same timeframe. In addition, the YUGM's New Life Recovery Program helps individuals recover from homelessness as well as drug and alcohol addiction through its year-long faith-based residential community.

Not only is WLAD unconstitutional, Tucker said, but by forcing the YUGM to hire people that do not share the same beliefs, the state of Washington is undermining the mission's work, putting it in "extreme jeopardy."

"Under the First Amendment, the government doesn't get to decide who is qualified to share the mission's Christian message, spread the gospel or disciple one another," he said. "If the mission cannot make sure that all of its employees agree with and live out its beliefs, its Christian message and its very purpose will be contradicted and quite frankly, undermined.

CHINA PROVINCE FORCES PEOPLE OF FAITH TO REGISTER ON ‘SMART RELIGION’ APP FOR WORSHIP

Johnson said his hope is that through the lawsuit, YUGM's rights as a Christian organization will be restored.

"We believe that God loves these folks that are stuck out on the street and it is the hope of the Gospel that motivates us and that's the hope that we're able to offer them," he said. "We just want to be able to have our rights restored to go about doing that."

Attorney General Robert Ferguson told Fox News Digital the state "routinely" defeats ADF in court, and will be seeking an early dismissal of the lawsuit, which he views as an attempt to push "extreme theories in court."

"My office respects the religious views of all Washingtonians and the constitutional rights afforded to religious institutions. As a person of faith, I share that view," he added.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APPIndependent journalist Matt Taibbi published his opening statement in advance of Thursday’s testimony to the House Judiciary Committee about the Twitter Files, which he cautioned expose the danger of Americans losing their First Amendment rights.

Taibbi will appear Thursday morning at the "Hearing on the Weaponization of the Federal Government on the Twitter Files" for the House Judiciary Committee." Twitter owner Elon Musk has been transparent about his desire to expose the company’s once-secret internal communications, and he has allowed Taibbi and other journalists to publish findings in lengthy threads on the platform dubbed Twitter Files, which has infuriated some liberal outlets.

Taibbi went viral with the first installment focusing on Twitter's internal discussions leading to it censor the Hunter Biden laptop story during the 2020 presidential election, with some officials struggling to explain how it violated its "hacked materials" policies.

MATT TAIBBI HITS SEN. ANGUS KING AS LAWMAKER REACTS TO CENSORSHIP CLAIMS FROM LATEST TWITTER FILES

Twitter Files have also revealed censorship efforts by both the Trump and Biden White Houses, as well as the office of Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif. Other installments revealed Twitter's "blacklisting" of prominent conservatives, gave an inside look at Trump being suspended from the platform and put a spotlight on Twitter's close ties with the FBI. Taibbi has also conducted a deep dive into the media's enthusiastic embrace of Hamilton 68, a so-called "dashboard" that gave a misleading impression of widespread Russian bot activity.

"I’m here today because of a series of events that began late last year, when I received a note from a source online. It read: ‘Are you interested in doing a deep dive into what censorship and manipulation… was going on at Twitter?’ A week later, the first of what became known as the ‘Twitter Files’ reports came out," Taibbi continued. "To say these attracted intense public interest would be an understatement. My computer looked like a slot machine as just the first tweet about the blockage of the Hunter Biden laptop story registered 143 million impressions and 30 million engagements."

Taibbi noted that once other reporters, such as Michael Shellenberger and Bari Weiss, joined him in exposing Twitter’s once-secret internal communications, he began to "grasp the significance of this story."

"The original promise of the Internet was that it might democratize the exchange of information globally. A free internet would overwhelm all attempts to control information flow, its very existence a threat to anti-democratic forms of government everywhere," Taibbi wrote. "What we found in the Files was a sweeping effort to reverse that promise, and use machine learning and other tools to turn the internet into an instrument of censorship and social control. Unfortunately, our own government appears to be playing a lead role."

Taibbi provided "the first hints" of this when spotlighting communication between government officials and Twitter executives. He cautioned the House Judiciary Committee that a new Twitter Files thread would be released that summarizes how "tens of thousands of emails led to a series of revelations."

ELON MUSK GIVES DAVE RUBIN BEHIND-THE-SCENES LOOK AT TWITTER AND WHAT CAUSES SHADOWBANS

"We learned Twitter, Facebook, Google, and other companies developed a formal system for taking in moderation ‘requests' from every corner of government: the FBI, DHS, HHS, DOD, the Global Engagement Center at State, even the CIA. For every government agency scanning Twitter, there were perhaps 20 quasi-private entities doing the same," Taibbi wrote. "A focus of this fast-growing network is making lists of people whose opinions, beliefs, associations, or sympathies are deemed ‘misinformation,’ ‘disinformation,’ or ‘malinformation.’ The latter term is just a euphemism for ‘true but inconvenient.’"

He blasted the making of such lists as "a form of digital McCarthyism," and said that "law-abiding people and businesses whose only crime is falling afoul of a distant, faceless, unaccountable, algorithmic judge" can be impacted and refused service from brands such as PayPal.

"As someone who grew up a traditional ACLU liberal, this mechanism for punishment without due process is horrifying," Taibbi wrote.

The Substack journalist believes the press should be the last line of defense for citizens, but "instead of investigating these groups, journalists partnered with them."

LATEST TWITTER FILES SHOW MEDIA, DEMS RELIED ON SINGLE SOURCE ALLEGING ‘RUSSIAN BOT’ ACTIVITY: ‘IT WAS A SCAM’

"If Twitter declined to remove an account right away, government agencies and NGOs would call reporters for the New York Times, Washington Post, and other outlets, who in turn would call Twitter demanding to know why action had not been taken. Effectively, news media became an arm of a state-sponsored thought-policing system," Taibbi wrote.

Taibbi wrote that Americans are distinguished from people from other countries because "we don’t let anyone tell us what to think, certainly not the government."

"The First Amendment, and an American population accustomed to the right to speak, is the best defense left against the Censorship-Industrial Complex," he wrote. "If there’s anything the Twitter Files show, it’s that we’re in danger of losing this most precious right, without which all other democratic rights are impossible."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Fox News’ Joseph A. Wulfsohn contributed to this report.First lady Jill Biden and Secretary of State Antony Blinken were slammed Wednesday for presenting a biological male from Argentina with an award for women on International Women's Day.

This year's annual International Women of Courage Awards ceremony at the White House honored "11 extraordinary women from around the world who are working to build a brighter future for all," according to a State Department press release.

Argentinian Alba Rueda was introduced at the ceremony as a "transgender woman who was kicked out of classrooms, barred for sitting for exams, refused job opportunities, subjected to violence, and rejected by her family. But in the face of these challenges, she worked to end violence and discrimination against the LGBTQ plus community in Argentina."

NEWSOM AG SUED OVER LAW DEEMING CALIFORNIA ‘SANCTUARY STATE’ FOR MINORS SEEKING TRANSGENDER PROCEDURES

Commentators across Twitter balked at the idea of a person who had been born a man being bestowed with a women’s award.

Gov. Sarah Huckabee Sanders, R-Ark., said, "It’s International Women’s Day – a good time to remember that Democrats can’t even tell you what a woman is."

"Nice of FLOTUS to encourage the diminishment of women on ‘international women's day.’ Erasing women is abusive," Dana Loesch, host of "The Dana Show," tweeted.

"International Women's Day: Not just for women anymore," conservative Twitter personality Andrea Katherine wrote in reply.

"Apparently men are a lot better at being women than women are. Step up your game, ladies," Townhall columnist and radio personality Derek Hunter joked.

WOMEN'S HISTORY MONTH QUIZ! TEST YOUR KNOWLEDGE OF THE COMMEMORATIVE MONTH

"We are not a serious country," Common Sense Society's Christopher Bedford responded.

Claremont Institute president Ryan P. Williams tweeted, "The jokes write themselves…"

"Why are the Democrats working overtime to push the trans agenda?" news commentator and former congressional nominee Karoline Leavitt asked.

RedState columnist and author Buzz Patterson wrote, "Nothing screams ‘International Women of Courage Award’ like a dude."

"This is disgraceful and unacceptable!" Republican National Hispanic Assembly national editorial board member and podcaster Jennifer Barreto-Leyva tweeted.

CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP

Rueda currently serves as Argentina’s Special Envoy for Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, International Trade and Worship. The State Department said Rueda had "actively campaigned to change the name of the National Women’s Conference to the ‘Plurinational Conference of Women and Lesbian, Cross-Dresser, Transgender, Bisexual, Intersex and Non-Binary Persons' to include diverse, dissident, and racialized identities.’"Legendary English actor Sir Michael Caine denounced critiques of the British war epic "Zulu" after it was flagged by an anti-terror study as promoting "extremism." Caine scoffed at the claim as "bulls---."

Caine, 90, has had a diverse film career, ranging from Christopher Nolan’s "Batman" series to "Austin Powers in Goldmember" and "The Muppet Christmas Carol." In 1964, he starred in "Zulu," a film about the 1879 Battle of Rorke’s Drift amid the Anglo-Zulu war. An Internet Movie Database summary described the battle as one where "150 troops will fight about 4,000 Zulus in one of the most courageous battles in history."

His film was featured among texts attacked by a British government study on content associated with far-right extremism. The "Prevent" program has also reportedly flagged the complete works of Shakespeare, "The Lord of the Rings" by J.R.R. Tolkien and the "Great British Railway Journeys" documentary series as works that could lead viewers toward right-wing extremism.

The Daily Mail noted that "Zulu" in particular "had been listed as a 'key text' for 'white nationalists' and 'supremacists' by the Government's beleaguered anti-terrorism Prevent scheme."

UK GOVERNMENT ADMITS ‘INAPPROPRIATE’ TO ARGUE BIBLE ‘OFFENSIVE’ IN CASE AGAINST CHRISTIAN STREET PREACHER

Caine defended his films and career as he spoke to The Spectator via email. "There are no films I wish I hadn’t made," the actor told the news outlet.

Spectator journalist Tanya Gold recounted her interaction with Caine when she mentioned the U.K.'s Prevent program reportedly highlighting "Zulu":

"When I tell him that 'Zulu' is listed on the counter-terror Prevent scheme as a piece of culture that incites the far-right, he says: ‘That is the biggest load of bull**** I have ever heard.’"

WRONGLY 'CANCELLED' PROFESSOR SAYS WOKE STUDENTS' COMPLAINTS LED TO FEAR OF BEING KILLED BY MUSLIM EXTREMISTS

The Daily Mail added that actual living Zulu royalty has defended the film as well, as the "leader of the Zulu tribe Chief Mangosuthu Buthelezi, now 94, who played own his great-grandfather King Cetshwayo in the film, said it should not be viewed through a 21st-century lens."

"Even if the past is uncomfortable, and perhaps especially when the past is uncomfortable, it needs to be examined and unpacked rather than hidden away. Of course race is a central theme in the film," he reportedly told British newspaper The Times.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Fox News Digital could not verify the extent of entertainment and literature flagged by the British government program, and the U.K.’s Home Office noted it does not "comment on leaks."Fox News host Sean Hannity called out the mounting crises under President Biden's leadership including the worsening border crisis and the alarming amount of fentanyl deaths in America.

SEAN HANNITY: The Biden administration is now breaking one record after another, not one of them in any good way. In 2021, Biden set a new record with the most illegal border crossings in US history. Then in 2020, yeah, right. In 2022, he broke his own record with even more illegal border crossings. And guess what? This year Joey's on pace to do it once again with a whole new record high. But according to the most idiotic people that work in the White House, Joe Biden, he's not at fault. It's not his problem. We didn't have this problem with the last administration. Biden ended almost all of Trump's border protections and halted construction of the border wall, ended the stay in Mexico policy and told illegal immigrants, Come one, come all. There's no vetting. Not even vetting during a pandemic as far as health issues.

FEDERAL JUDGE RULES BIDEN'S BORDER POLICIES UNLAWFUL, JUST A ‘SPEEDBUMP’ FOR ILLEGAL MIGRANTS

…

Now, of course, it's not just who crosses the borders unlawfully, by the way. Think of all the drugs that cross that border. Lethal drugs pouring into our country. And this leads us to yet another Biden record. And that is the number of fentanyl deaths. More Americans, sadly, are now dying from fentanyl than ever before. Now, keep in mind, most of that fentanyl that is made in China, it is shipped to Mexico, smuggled across the wide open southern border. A record 100,000 plus Americans died from drug overdoses in just the last year. This current federal government is now controlled by a group of woke idiots.The House Foreign Affairs Committee held an emotional hearing Wednesday as witnesses recounted the Biden administration's botched Afghanistan withdrawal over one year later.

U.S. Marine Sgt. Tyler Vargas-Andrews, who was wounded while he was stationed at Kabul's Abbey Gate, gave tearful testimony claiming he was never explicitly granted permission to shoot a suspected ISIS member.

Vargas-Andrews said he believes that suspect was the bomber who took the lives of 13 service members during the withdrawal of U.S. forces.

MCCAUL TARGETS CHINA, AFGHANISTAN WITHDRAWAL AS TOP OVERSIGHT PRIORITIES: ‘I HAVE SUBPOENA POWER’

"Pointedly, we asked him for engagement authority and permission," Vargas-Andrews told the committee. "We asked him if we could shoot. Our battalion commander said, and I quote, I don't know, end quote. Myself and my team we asked very harshly, ‘Well, who does?’ Because this is your responsibility, sir. He again replied he did not know, but would find out. We received no update and never got our answer. Eventually, the individual disappeared."

"To this day, we believe he was a suicide bomber," he continued.

Two Gold Star mothers, Shana Chappell and Paula Knauss Selph, reacted to the emotionally-charged testimony on "Fox & Friends First."

"I actually got really emotional while I was hearing the testimony and ended up becoming even more upset when I realized that the whole thing could have been prevented," Chappell told Ashley Strohmier on Thursday.

Chappell's son, 20-year-old California Marine Lance Cpl. Kareem Nikoui, was one of the 13 service members who died in the Kabul airport attack on August 26, 2021.

MCCAUL FIRES BACK AT WHITE HOUSE MEMO ATTEMPTING TO DISCOUNT AFGHANISTAN REPORT

She noted the House hearing confirmed what she already knew – that service members were "running amuck" amid the chaotic withdrawal with little strategic direction.

"I've talked to several of the Marines that were there throughout the last 19 months, and they've all said the same thing… basically they were just running amuck," Chappell said. "They were just doing what they thought they were supposed to be doing, and they didn't really have a general direction of what they were supposed to do."

"They were asking each other what they were supposed to be doing," she continued.

Selph's son, 23-year-old Ryan Knauss, was an Army staff sergeant from Tennessee who also lost his life in the August terrorist attack. He was based out of North Carolina.

TALIBAN SAYS IT HAS NOT FOUND BODY OF AL QAEDA TERRORIST HIT BY US DRONE STRIKE IN KABUL

But Selph said her son "knew what he was getting into" before departing for Kabul.

"When Ryan left and was finally on site as an Army Special Forces, he only had a short while to adjust to what was going on," Selph said. "But the one thing he said to me before he left was, 'Mom, I can't tell you where I'm going, but all you have to do is turn on the TV, and it's going to be an s-show… that you're going to see.' So he knew what he was getting into."

Chappell and Selph both demanded accountability from the Biden administration for the chaotic exit that took the lives of their children.

"After listening to everybody talk, I'm hoping that we do actually get some type of accountability… I don't get my hopes up too much because . . . I don't want to make this political, so I just don't get my hopes up too much," Chappell said.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Strohmier then asked her what accountability would look like.

"This administration being removed," she replied.

Selph concurred, noting how "alarming" it is that justice is on the horizon a whopping year and a half later.

"Our president, our Congress must take responsibility for the lack of what they have not done since the death of our children," Selph said. "It is an alarming thing to see that in all these months we are now finally having justice because the administration is forced by Congress now to look at this with more open eyes."Jesse Watters speculates whether Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis is laying the groundwork for a 2024 presidential campaign announcement on "Jesse Watters Primetime."

DESANTIS MOVES TOWARD PRESIDENTIAL BID, PRIVATELY INDICATES THAT HE'S RUNNING: REPORT

JESSE WATTERS: "Primetime" has been watching the Democrats pretty closely this year. Everybody from Hillary to Gavin Newsom is looking to knock Joe off the throne, but what about the Republicans?

Who's going to be the Republican nominee for president? Well, it looks like it's going to be a crowded field. A lot of people are sniffing around.

Some you know, some you don't and some you don't want to know. "Primetime" is going to be kicking the tires on all the candidates. We'll have a couple of Republicans on next week to see what they're all about. Now, out of everybody who's announced, Trump's in the lead and we'll show you the polling in a second, but we're now seeing another guy from Florida make moves.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Ron DeSantis is reportedly telling people in his circle he's set on running. Sources tell The Washington Post he's going to declare in May or June. DeSantis has 70 mil in the bank left over from his run for governor, and some DeSantis super PACs are coming alive. Now, I don't know how it could be more obvious, but Ron DeSantis is in Iowa today.Independent journalist Matt Taibbi and author Michael Shellenberger testified before the House Judiciary Committee on the "Twitter Files" Thursday as part of the Republican-led efforts to investigate the Hunter Biden story.

While the hearing focused on the "Twitter Files" and the weaponization of the federal government, former Attorney General Bill Barr responded to the revelations by defending the First Amendment.

"The whole idea that the government should be encouraging companies to take out stuff that's false is that's a violation of the First Amendment," Barr said on "America Reports" Thursday. "The First Amendment actually protects false speech. And the idea that the government goes and encourages companies to exclude that stuff to me is a direct violation of the First Amendment."

Barr added that much of the information from the "Twitter Files" which was censored for false information turned out to be true.

"Most of the important stuff turned out to be right, and that just eviscerates the First Amendment," he said.

‘TWITTER FILES’ HEARING ERUPTS AS MATT TAIBBI REFUSES TO REVEAL SOURCES IN HEATED EXCHANGE WITH DEMOCRAT

Taibbi went viral with the first installment of the "Twitter files" focusing on Twitter's internal discussions leading to the censorship the Hunter Biden laptop story during the 2020 presidential election, with some management struggling to explain how it violated its "hacked materials" policies.

Twitter Files have also seemingly revealed censorship efforts by both the Trump and Biden White Houses , as well as the office of Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif.

Other installments showed Twitter "blacklisting" prominent conservatives and gave an inside look at Trump being suspended from the platform and put a spotlight on Twitter's close ties with the FBI. Taibbi has also conducted a deep dive into the media's enthusiastic embrace of Hamilton 68, a so-called "dashboard" that gave a misleading impression of widespread Russian bot activity.

Others including Michael Shellenberger joined Taibbi in releasing Twitter threads detailing various internal communications from Twitter.

While Thursday's hearing focused on the "Twitter Files," the GOP-led House has been vocal about investigating broader censorship efforts and the suppressing of the Hunter Biden story beyond Twitter. Republicans specifically have considered the actions as government weaponization.

TWITTER HEARING UNCOVERS DEMOCRATS' CHILLING MESSAGE TO JOURNALISTS

In August 2022, Meta CEO Mark Zukerberg made a stunning admission in regards to his company's contact with the FBI during an appearance on "The Joe Rogan Experience." He shared that the FBI approached Facebook warning the platform about "Russian propaganda" ahead of the bombshell Hunter Biden laptop story.

"Did Zuckerberg, was Facebook really just being good citizens here and doing what the FBI said?" Barr asked. "My guess is, like every other company, they received general briefings and then when they were caught doing what they did, they are hiding behind the general 'oh, we thought that we're just responding to this general briefing.'"

While the "Twitter Files" revealed an alarming series of exchanges between lawmakers and federal officials and Twitter over content, Barr argued it's important to see what was shared in the general briefings.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"I think we have to look exactly what those briefings were and what was being said to those companies, because if they were saying things like the Hunter laptop or getting too particular about the kinds of things they were looking for, that would have crossed the line, in my opinion," Barr said.

Barr shared with hosts Sandra Smith and John Roberts that he hopes to "see some litigation to enjoin the government from that kind of stuff in the future," arguing the efforts to suppress dialogue surrounding the Hunter Biden laptop is "misconduct."

"It's one thing to take something away if it's illegal like pornography or something that actually violates the law. But just because you think something is wrong doesn't give you the right to take it."

Fox News' Joseph A. Wulfsohn, Brian Flood and Nikolas Lanum contributed to this report.Rep. Sylvia Garcia, D-Texas, was accused of badgering journalist Matt Taibbi into revealing a source on Thursday during a heated House Judiciary Committee hearing on the "Twitter Files," but the reporter wouldn't budge.

Sourcing was a sensitive subject as it had already come up during the hearing when Taibbi was asked directly about it regarding his reporting on internal Twitter communications and accusations of government censorship. Garcia asked Taibbi when Twitter owner Elon Musk first approached him to partake in the "Twitter Files" project, which has allowed once-secret internal discussions to be exposed, revealing an array of issues.

Taibbi began to say he couldn’t reveal that information when Garcia insisted she simply needed a date.

"I can’t give it to you, unfortunately, because this is a question of sourcing, and I’m a journalist. I don’t reveal my sources," Taibbi said.

MATT TAIBBI TO TESTIFY TWITTER FILES SHOW AMERICANS ARE IN DANGER OF LOSING FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHTS

Garcia said it’s not about the source, but rather chronology, but he didn’t agree.

"No, that’s a question of sources," Taibbi said.

The Democrat from Texas continued to press the issue.

"You earlier said that someone had sent you through the internet, some message about whether or not you would be interested in some information," Garcia said.

"Yes, and I referred to that person as a source," Taibbi shot back.

MATT TAIBBI HITS SEN. ANGUS KING AS LAWMAKER REACTS TO CENSORSHIP CLAIMS FROM LATEST TWITTER FILES

Garcia asked, "So you’re not going to tell us when Musk first approached you?"

"Again, congresswoman, you’re asking a journalist to reveal a source," Taibbi said.

Garcia asked if he considers Musk to be the direct source, but Taibbi was not amused.

"Now you’re trying to get me to say that he is the source, I can’t answer your question," Taibbi said.

ELON MUSK GIVES DAVE RUBIN BEHIND-THE-SCENES LOOK AT TWITTER AND WHAT CAUSES SHADOWBANS

Garcia said the "only logical conclusion" is that Musk is a source, but Taibbi told her she was "free to conclude" whatever she wants.

"You can’t have it both ways," Garcia said when House Judiciary Committee chairman Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, intervened.

"He can, he’s a journalist," Jordan said, causing other members to bicker.

Several members spoke over each other angrily as Ranking Member Stacey Plaskett, D-Virgin islands, who had a similar exchange with Taibbi earlier, declared that if Taibbi wouldn't comment on Musk, it must mean the Twitter owner was the source in question.

"He’s not going to reveal his source and the fact that Democrats are pressuring him to do that is such a violation of the First Amendment," Jordan snapped.

Earlier in the hearing, Taibbi was asked by Plaskett who gave him access to the emails revealed in the "Twitter Files," but he refused to say.

"The attribution for my story is sources at Twitter," he said.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Jordan then asked Plaskett if she was trying to get journalists to reveal their sources, but she denied the allegation.Former Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Dr. Robert Redfield sounded off Wednesday following testimony before a House subcommittee on the origins of the coronavirus pandemic.

Redfield, a virologist who served in the post under President Trump, reacted to statements from Committee Member Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, who said Redfield had not been allowed – despite being the head of CDC – on a conference call that included equally high-profile health care bureaucrats Drs. Anthony Fauci and Francis Collins.

"They obviously had a conversation on February 1st [2020], and then I think several [there]after," Redfield told "The Story."

"Previously, they had this group of scientists that thought that the virus did not look like it was a virus that evolved in nature. And then within 3-to-4 days, they changed their point of view."

REDFIELD: SOME BIOLAB RESEARCHERS SHOW ARROGANCE THAT NOTHING CAN GO WRONG

Redfield acknowledged critics claiming the scientists' change of heart could have been driven by reports they later received substantial funding from the NIH – then led by Collins, but said he personally doesn't believe the alleged link.

Instead, Redfield said the key issue is that there was no new scientific data within the intervening days.

"I think what bothers me about it the most and I've said this before, that the approach they took was antithetical to science," he said.

Redfield said he had discussed COVID origin hypotheses with Fauci, British tropical disease scholar Sir Jeremy Farrar, and Eritrea-born public health expert Dr. Tedros Ghebreyesus – the current head of the World Health Organization.

He told the global experts both the lab leak and natural-origin hypothesis should be investigated, and that science should be at the root of what leads to the ultimate designation.

EX-CDC DIRECTOR SLAMS GAIN-OF-FUNCTION RESEARCH

"I let them understand my own thinking as a virologist that I thought the evidence was definitely in favor of a lab leak. And again, that was very disappointing to me to learn when the [FOIA request] came out months later that they had had these calls and that I was totally excluded from all of them," Redfield said.

He added that while China does deserve a lot of scrutiny in terms of the pandemic, the U.S. health bureaucracy and the European scientific community also were involved in medical research he believes led to "the greatest pandemic of our time."

During Wednesday's hearing, chaired by Rep. Brad Wenstrup, R-Ohio, a medical doctor himself, Redfield was joined by a handful of other experts including former New York Times science editor Nicholas Wade, who was subject to the most contentious part of the session.

CLICK TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Rep. Kweisi Mfume, D-Md., accused Wade – who is a supporter of the lab leak theory – of holding racist beliefs via a book he wrote on human genomics.

While the Baltimore Democrat refused to yield to Wade's attempts to rebut the allegations, Wenstrup later allowed Wade two minutes to respond after Mfume's time expired.

Wade, who appeared this week on "Life, Liberty & Levin," denied the racism allegation and said the controversy was a distraction from the issue at hand.A former top FBI official warned against American college students going to Mexico amid the latest cartel-related violence that left two U.S. citizens dead and two others kidnapped.

"No, absolutely not," former FBI Assistant Director Tom Fuentes told "Jesse Watters Primetime."

"The problem with these self-contained resorts – and they have all kids of security and protection and everything – [is] you have to get to the resort. So the danger is getting off the plane or bus or train and getting from the transportation hub to the actual resort which there you have protection."

He compared that dynamic to the situation in Matamoros, Tamaulipas, that led to the four Americans being besieged by cartels just miles outside Brownsville, Texas.

BIDEN A ‘HUMAN TRAFFICKER’ EX-TRUMP AIDE DECLARES

"En route, you’re in danger, just like these Americans that were killed in Matamoros – because once they crossed the border they were on their own," Fuentes said.

"They might have gone on their way to a medical facility that had security guards or any of that – we don’t know for sure. But they certainly once they crossed the border they were on their own."

Fuentes added the Biden administration doesn't appear to have a concise strategy to deal with cartel smuggling or violence.

"Or if they have [a strategy], they failed to articulate it in any kind of sensible manner," he said.

CRUZ SAYS BIDEN'S PRESIDENCY THE ‘BEST THING TO EVER HAPPEN TO CARTELS’

"If they're going to have a strategy, it's going to have to start with closing the border. That's number one – And until they do that, they're not serious about any of this."

Referencing calls from some Republicans to allow the U.S. military to intervene in Mexico, Fuentes noted the last time such a situation occurred was more than a century ago when Gen. John Pershing was dispatched to capture Mexican Revolutionary general Pancho Villa in 1914.

CLICK TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Pershing and a contingent from Fort Bliss were sent to track him down after he and his people shot up a New Mexico City and killed U.S. soldiers and American citizens. Now, they spent 18 months in Mexico trying to chase him in the mountains unsuccessfully," he said.

"And that's not too popular to this day with the Mexicans that know we did that."

The other difference between U.S. attacks against Islamic terror groups and potential activity in Mexico is that the terrorists were not in major cities overseas, but that the cartels do operate mainly in Mexican population centers.American Federation of Teachers President Randi Weingarten claimed in an op-ed that children are better off under the provision of teachers unions.

Weingarten wrote an op-ed for The Daily Beast to make "a factual case for teachers’ unions."

She cited research that shows that "teachers unions are positively associated with student achievement." The research, conducted by Eunice Han and Jeffrey Keefe, found that the effect of teachers unions was particularly strong for Hispanic and Black students.

UTAH GOVERNOR SIGNS MAJOR EDUCATION FUNDING BILL, BECOMING THIRD STATE TO ENSHRINE SCHOOL CHOICE INTO LAW

She also noted that economists Eric Brunner, Joshua Hyman, and Andrew Ju have found that districts with strong teachers unions increased spending on public education, which leads to larger increases in student achievement.

Furthermore, Weingarten pushed back against the notion that teachers unions seek to get politicians elected in order to get a pay-off at the bargaining table.

CANADIAN TEACHER WITH GIANT PROSTHETIC BREASTS REPORTEDLY CLAIMS THEY'RE 'REAL’, SLAMS 'BODY-SHAMING' ONLINE

"The ‘pay-off’ my union bargains for is to improve teaching and learning conditions and to reduce the ‘teacher pay penalty’—the gap between teachers’ compensation and their non-teacher college-educated counterparts that hit a high of 23.5 percent in 2021," Weingarten said.

"Teaching has always been a complex and demanding job," she added. "After the onset of the pandemic, teachers worked harder than ever. They managed remote, hybrid, and in-person instruction. They covered classes for colleagues suffering from COVID, often for weeks. They helped students recover academically, socially, and emotionally."

The last national report card shows the impact that forced at-home learning may have had on schoolchildren, finding the largest decrease in reading scores in three decades.

‘TRANS LIVES MATTER’ PROTESTERS OCCUPY OKLAHOMA STATE CAPITOL: ‘THIS IS OUR HOUSE!’

Math scores, meanwhile, saw their first decrease in the history of the testing regimen done by the National Center for Education Statistics.

Education Secretary Miguel Cardona said the statistics are a sign that schools need to redouble their efforts, using billions of dollars that Congress gave schools to help students recover.

"Let me be very clear: these results are not acceptable," Cardona said.

Since the COVID-19 pandemic, school board meetings have oftentimes become battlegrounds between parents and school board officials.

CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APPCNBC’s "Mad Money" host Jim Cramer is being shredded across social media after footage resurfaced of him urging viewers in February to invest in Silicon Valley Bank (SVB), which collapsed on Friday.

SVB had been the 16th largest bank in the United States and was connected to a number of Silicon Valley industries and startups. The closure of the bank was announced by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), making it the worst U.S. financial institution failure in nearly 15 years.

Upon the news of SVB's collapse, a clip went viral of Cramer in February speaking positively about the bank in a list of "The Biggest Winners of 2023… So Far."

"The ninth-best performer here today is SVB financial. Don’t yawn," he told his viewers on Feb. 8. "This company is a merchant bank with a deposit base that Wall Street has been mistakenly concerned about!"

SILICON VALLEY BANK SHUT DOWN BY REGULATORS

He suggested in the same clip that while the stock’s recovery, a 40% rally at the time, from last year may have been lackluster, "It is a good example why these bounce back moves might be far from over. These stocks still have more room to run, especially if you think they were driven down to artificially low levels."

Commentators across Twitter blasted Cramer for his ill-fated financial advice.

One financial account tweeted the video, commenting, "One month ago, Jim Cramer urged investors to buy Silicon Valley Bank stock $SIVB. Today, the bank was closed by California regulators, making it the 2nd largest banking failure in US history."

SILVERGATE CAPITAL WINDING DOWN BUSINESS; WILL VOLUNTARILY LIQUIDATE

"Jim Cramer was advising people to invest in SIVB just one month ago. It was quite possibly the worst possible investment," commentator David "JoelKatz" Schwartz tweeted.

"Yet another one of Jim Cramer’s hot stock market takes just fell harder than Joe Biden stumbling up the steps of Air Force One," NewsBusters wrote.

After entrepreneur Patrick Bet-David tweeted, "Drop Jim Cramer," tech journalist Doriano "Paisano" Carta joked, "Wait. You can make a killing with Jim Cramer as long as you always do the opposite of whatever he advises to do. You can't find a more sure thing today!"

CLICK TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Writer Jordan Schachtel shared the clip and a series of quotes, "Jim Cramer last month on Silicon Valley Bank: ‘Fears not justified’ ‘Stock is still cheap’ at $320 ‘Oversold position’ Considered stock price at ‘artificially low levels’ Rugged."

Fox Business' Andrea Vacchiano contributed to this report.LA Times writer Sammy Roth shared a piece claiming that many suffer an environmental form of racism thanks to White and affluent commuters in the Los Angeles area.

Roth described a study he had read claiming that it found, "[Los Angeles residents] who drive more tend to be exposed to less air pollution — and Angelenos who drive less tend to be exposed to more pollution." He went on to say, "It’s a function of the racism that shaped this city and its suburbs, and continues to influence our daily lives — and a stark reminder of the need for climate solutions that benefit everyone."

He recounted a conversation with USC Sol Price School of Public Policy.professor Geoff Boeing.

"He told me it largely comes down to the shameful history of Los Angeles County’s low-income communities of color being torn apart to make way for freeways — a history that has been extensively documented by The Times," he wrote. "Today, many residents of the county’s whiter, more affluent neighborhoods — who were often able to keep highways out of their own backyards — commute to work through lower-income Black and Latino neighborhoods bisected by the 10, 110 and 105 freeways and more."

DAYLIGHT SAVINGS TIME 'DISPROPORTIONATELY' IMPACTS 'COMMUNITIES OF COLOR,' INSISTS CNN ARTICLE

The study itself is titled, "Local Inequities in the Relative Production of and Exposure to Vehicular Air Pollution in Los Angeles." The study’s abstract defines its findings in explicitly racial terms.

"We find that, all else equal, tracts whose residents drive less are exposed to more air pollution, as are tracts with a less-White population. Commuters from majority-White tracts disproportionately drive through non-White tracts, compared to the inverse," the researchers wrote.

They went on to say, "Decades of racially-motivated freeway infrastructure planning and residential segregation shape today's disparities in who produces vehicular air pollution and who is exposed to it, but opportunities exist for urban planning and transport policy to mitigate this injustice."

He shared one particular map from the study and wrote, "The red areas are places in L.A. County where commuters tend to be whiter than people who live there; the blue areas are places where commuters tend to be less white than people who live there."

JANE FONDA LINKS THE 'CLIMATE CRISIS' TO RACISM: ‘EVERYTHING’S CONNECTED'

He later added, "the map shows how residents of whiter, wealthier communities disproportionately drive to work through lower-income Latino and Black neighborhoods, spewing pollution. Residents of those neighborhoods can’t do much about it."

Solutions he suggested range from "ending the sale of most gasoline vehicles" to allowing more apartment construction in wealthier neighborhoods.

The study faced rebuke not only from Twitter personalities, but the Twitter's Birdwatch feature.

As of the writing of this article, Twitter has a warning label attached to the Los Angeles Times' tweet of the article saying, "This claim is false. This assumption is based on research that those who drive more tend to be exposed to less air pollution while those who drive less tend to be exposed to more pollution. L.A. population is 48.4% Hispanic/Latino, 28.1% White only (not Hispanic)."

Communications Director for the Claremont Institute Nick Short tweeted, "Congratulations to the author of this piece @Sammy_Roth. You have managed to write not only the most idiotic but racist piece of 2023!"

"This has become like old timey, nonsensical racism at this point..." comedian and author Tim Young tweeted.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"REMINDER: There aren’t separate communist groups. They’re all the same group with the same goal: Destroying this nation." The Jesse Kelly Show host Jesse Kelly tweeted. "That’s why seemingly separate groups work together. The climate nutters work with the race hustlers who work with the LGBTQ demon mob who work with…"Republican presidential candidate Nikki Haley said Thursday on "Your World" that she helped balance the budget as the governor of South Carolina and she can do it again as president.

NIKKI HALEY: Look, I think Biden is the ultimate socialist president. He loves to spend everybody else's money. His answer to everything is to increase taxes. And I think we need to be realistic. We're $31 trillion in debt. I think we're borrowing money to make our interest payments. This is not sustainable. The problem is Washington, D.C. has a spending problem, and we need to put them on a diet and put an end to it. I did this in South Carolina. We need to do it for the country.

The first thing Biden should have done is said, "We're going to claw back the $500 billion of unspent COVID money." The second thing he should have said is, rather than the IRS agents going after innocent Americans, go back and go after the $100 billion of COVID fraud that happened along the way. We need to make sure we get on Republicans and Democrats because they both opened back up earmarks. This is not the time for them to be spending $2 billion on counties that don't exist and don't have government structures.

So if we're talking about entitlement reform, the first thing we do is, look, I have parents in their 80s. We take care of them. I don't want anything to hurt the seniors or anyone that's getting ready to retire. But I have kids in their 20s, those are the ones that need to go and know that things are going to be changed. So what you would do is for those in their 20s coming into the system, we would change the retirement age so that it matches life expectancy.

The second thing we would do is we would limit benefits for the wealthy. Then you go further instead of cost of living increases do increases based on inflation. That's something Republicans and Democrats would agree with. And then more than that, expand Medicare Advantage plan so that we have more competition, and we run the costs down. That's what entitlement reform will look like. That's how you're going to make it sustainable. And that's also how you bring down the cost of what we're seeing right now.

You keep your promises to those that we've made, promises to. Those that have invested in should keep what they have. We shouldn't in any way jeopardize those that are already expecting something. This is about the new group coming in.

It's the new ones coming in. It's those in their twenties that are coming in. You're coming to them and you're saying the game has changed. We're going to do this completely differently. That's how you go and you focus on it. We've got to start doing things like that. But more than that, we have to look at the fact that there is a spending problem in DC and Republicans and Democrats have done this to us, Neil. Don't forget that when this all started, with the Republicans, they passed a $2.2 trillion COVID stimulus package 419-6 in the House and 96 to 0 in the Senate that expanded welfare. Now we have 90 million people on Medicaid. You've got 42 million people on food stamps. We should be taking people from welfare to work.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

We shouldn't be paying people to sit on the couch and adding to the rolls of welfare. It was under Republicans' watch. They opened up earmarks again. Why are we spending on pork projects when one in six Americans can't pay their utility bill? We should stop borrowing. We don't have endless credit cards in our households or our businesses. Why are we allowing that to happen? And we should make sure that they understand that you should not pass a spending bill that doesn't take us back to pre-COVID levels. This is going to have to be harsh. It's going to take a president that is going to call out Republicans and Democrats. I did that as governor. I'll do it again as president.Fox News will air a special documentary on March 19, "Sacrifice and Survival: A Story From the Front Line," which tells the remarkable story of foreign correspondent Benjamin Hall.

Hall was severely wounded last year while covering Russia’s invasion of Ukraine when a vehicle he was traveling in was struck by incoming fire in Horenka, outside Kyiv. Beloved Fox News photojournalist Pierre Zakrzewski and Ukrainian journalist Oleksandra "Sasha" Kuvshynova were killed in the attack that devastated Fox News and the journalism industry at large. Hall was the only survivor.

"Sacrifice and Survival: A Story From the Front Line" will feature, for the first time, the details of Hall’s harrowing extraction from Ukraine and the difficult recovery that followed. He was located and evacuated out of Ukraine to Landstuhl Regional Medical Center within 48 hours of the attack with the help of the nonprofit organization Save Our Allies and the Department of Defense, including Secretary Lloyd Austin and then-Pentagon press secretary John Kirby, along with Fox News executives and chief national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin.

BENJAMIN HALL SURPRISES FOX NEWS COLLEAGUES WITH MOVING WORDS SIX MONTHS AFTER DEADLY UKRAINE ATTACK

Hall was eventually transferred to Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio, Texas, where he spent six months with doctors rebuilding his body before returning home to his family in London last August.

Hall has been through roughly 30 surgeries, lost a leg on one side and a foot on the other, and also no longer has function of a hand and one eye. Viewers will hear first-hand accounts from Hall and those who were integral to his rescue and recovery, including his wife, Alicia, throughout the two-hour documentary.

"You know, I look at my injuries and I don't worry about them one bit, because I'm here with my family," Hall recently told PEOPLE in a touching feature.

FOX NEWS’ BENJAMIN HALL URGES VIEWERS TO ‘NEVER GIVE UP’ IN EMOTIONAL RETURN TO LIVE TV

Zakrzewski’s widow Michelle Ross-Stanton and best friend Rick Findler are also featured, along with Fox News correspondents Griffin, Trey Yingst, and Greg Palkot. Save Our Allies co-founder Sarah Verardo and a number of doctors and surgeons who helped him also participated in the film.

The program will also unveil never-before-seen video of the moments leading up to the attack, captured by Zakrzewski himself.

"Sacrifice and Survival: A Story From the Front Line" will air on March 19. An extended version will be available on FOX Nation following its Fox News Channel debut.

BENJAMIN HALL 'TRULY AN INSPIRATION' FOLLOWING DEADLY UKRAINE ATTACK, FOX NEWS MEDIA CEO SAYS

The special will air days after Hall’s memoir, "Saved: A War Reporter's Mission to Make It Home," hits stores on March 14. In January, Hall read an emotional excerpt on "FOX & Friends," describing how "everything went dark" as bombs went off around him.

"If I had the slightest iota of consciousness, it was a distant sense of shock waves and the feeling that every part of my body – bones, organs, sinew, my soul – had been knocked out of me," Hall read. "I was all but dead but improbably, out of this crippling nothingness, a figure came through, and I heard a familiar voice, as real as anything I’d ever known. ‘Daddy, you’ve got to get out of the car.’"Fox News foreign correspondent Benjamin Hall detailed how he survived a missile attack while covering Russia's invasion of Ukraine and how he overcomes the consequences of near-fatal injuries day-to-day on Friday on "The Five."

FOX NEWS’ BENJAMIN HALL DOESN’T WORRY ABOUT NEAR-FATAL INJURIES WHEN SURROUNDED BY WIFE, THREE DAUGHTERS

BENJAMIN HALL: I accepted early on that it was going to be uncomfortable and there was going to be pain. And I knew that if I stopped every time it hurt, then I wasn't going to go as far as I wanted. And I figured you can fight through these things, and you can keep moving. And I think that's something that I have to remember every single day now. It still hurts every single day, but if you let that define who you are and if you let that define how you feel, then – it'll ruin you. So I put that to the side, and I just enjoy the finer things that I love.

JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO: Ben, you write about your wife, Alicia, having a strong influence on your war zone reporting. How did that happen?

HALL: I say a strong influence, but I mean, there was constantly back and forth there. She knew it was a job I loved. She knew it was important to me. She knew I loved doing it, and she never told me not to go. But over the years, when we had some children, we started to talk about pulling back a bit, and we thought maybe my job, my career should move in a different direction. And in fact, just before this happened, I had moved to the State Department to cover them, that for Fox. The decision was not to do any more war zones and then Ukraine happens.

And, you know, it dragged me back in, and I knew what a story it was. But look, she changed it for me in a big way. When I first met her, I was covering stories. I was traveling everywhere. I was doing them, and it was adventurous for me, and I loved doing it, and it was exciting. And she really taught me to find other levels in stories, and I think a real journalist does that. So I started looking not just about what was happening, the bullets that were flying, started looking at the human elements, the people I was missing, telling those stories. And I think that she made me a better journalist, and she made me a better person. She brought me home. She takes care of me every single day. She is the hero in this book. It's not me, and it's the doctors, and the physicians, and it's the military and everyone who helped.The New York Times appears to be whitewashing its own dismissal of the COVID lab leak theory by suggesting it was only vocal critics of the former president who marginalized the now-growing hypothesis.

In a report recapping Wednesday's House Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic, the Times wrote how the possibility that COVID-19 accidentally leaked from the Wuhan Institute of Virology was "initially dismissed as a conspiracy theory by critics of President Donald J. Trump, who embraced the idea while trying to blame China for the pandemic. But it is now getting a second look."

Except the Times itself declared the lab leak a "conspiracy theory" early on in the pandemic.

Amid the media pile-on of Sen. Tom Cotton, R-Ark., who in February 2020 suggested the origin of the pandemic could have been a lab leak, the Times ran the headline "Senator Tom Cotton Repeats Fringe Theory of Coronavirus Origins," calling his remarks an "unsubstantiated possibility."

CREDIBILITY CRISIS: NEW YORK TIMES HELPED MISLEAD AMERICA OVER COVID LAB LEAK THEORY

"Senator Tom Cotton, Republican of Arkansas, has repeated an unsubstantiated conspiracy theory that has spread from small-town China to the right-wing news media in the United States: The new coronavirus originated in a high-security biochemical lab in Wuhan, the Chinese city at the outbreak’s center," Alexandra Stevenson, currently the paper's Shanghai bureau chief, reported at the time. "The conspiracy theory lacks evidence and has been dismissed by scientists. But it has gained an audience with the help of well-connected critics of the Chinese government such as Stephen K. Bannon, President Trump’s former chief strategist."

The Times later wrote, "Right-wing media outlets fan the anger. Beijing, with its heavy-handed censorship and stranglehold on information, unwittingly gives the conspiracy theories a boost... The Chinese authorities say the outbreak began in a market in Wuhan where wild animals were sold. The city is also home to a biochemical laboratory. Although much remains unknown about the coronavirus, experts generally dismiss the idea that it was created by human hands."

Even in Wednesday's report, the Times was eager to downplay the momentum the lab-leak theory has gotten as expressed at the House subcommittee hearing.

The paper ran the headline "Republicans Push Lab Leak Theory on Covid’s Origins, but Lack ‘Smoking Gun,'" suggesting the person pointing out the absence of a smoking gun was someone opposed to the lab leak theory itself.

TRUMP MADE ME DO IT: LIBERAL MEDIA BLAMES ITS DISMISSAL OF LAB LEAK THEORY ON EX-PRESIDENT'S ‘XENOPHOBIA’

But that quote came from Dr. Jamie Metzl, a former Clinton administration official and an adviser to the World Health Organization (WHO) who actually favors the lab leak theory over the natural origins theory.

"There is no smoking gun proving a laboratory origin hypothesis, but the growing body of circumstantial evidence suggests a gun that is at very least warm to the touch," Metzl, a Democrat, told lawmakers.

Despite using part of the quote in its headline, the Times buried Metzl's support for the lab leak theory in its 10th paragraph.

Back in 2020, the Times' coverage of the pandemic was flooded with lab leak denialism.

In one report, the Times suggested former President Trump wanted to manufacture a connection between the pandemic and the Wuhan lab by leaning on the intel community to find evidence.

"Administration officials have pushed American spy agencies to hunt for evidence to support an unsubstantiated theory that a government laboratory in Wuhan, China, was the origin of the coronavirus outbreak," the Times reported in April of that year. "Analysts are concerned that the pressure from administration officials will distort assessments about the virus and that they could be used as a political weapon in an intensifying battle with China."

CREDIBILITY CRISIS: CNN BOSS ORDERED STAFF NOT TO CHASE DOWN COVID LAB LEAK THEORY AS PANDEMIC UNFOLDED

In June 2020, the Times science writer James Gorman told readers the Wuhan Institute of Virology had "been the target of conspiracy theorists who promote the idea that the novel coronavirus was made in a lab. Scientists and U.S. intelligence agencies agree that the overwhelming likelihood is that the virus evolved in nature."

Times science and health reporter Apoorva Mandavilli was forced to apologize in May 2021 for dismissing the "lab leak" theory as implausible and having "racist roots," even as it was already starting to gain significant credence in the media at that point.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Earlier this month, there was a bombshell report that the U.S. Energy Department believes the virus likely originated from a leak at the Wuhan lab, though media skeptics put emphasis on the department's "low confidence" grade on the theory.

However, FBI Director Christopher Wray offered a much stronger endorsement of the lab leak theory, telling Fox News' Bret Baier that COVID "most likely" came from the Wuhan Institute of Virology.

Fox News' Brian Flood contributed to this report.Fox News host Laura Ingraham sounds off on the growing list of what qualifies as "racist" in the "modern liberal mind" on "The Ingraham Angle."

WASHINGTON POST REPORTER TROUBLED BY 'RACIST LEGACY' OF SOME BIRDS

LAURA INGRAHAM: Now the list of what qualifies as racist grows by the day. Gas stoves, English grammar, mathematics, words like "master bedroom" and "field office" — nuh-uh, can't say them. And now we add to that automobiles and driving in general.

A new piece by Sammy Roth and the L.A. Times provides a window into the insanity that is the modern liberal mind. The piece, titled "How White and Affluent Drivers Are Polluting the Air Breathed by LA's People of Color," says that Mr. Roth is wracked by guilt for how he's driving on the 405 to the Valley, and it's not only growing his carbon footprint — he's fueling other racist outcomes as well. He said, "I couldn't help but consider my own complicity while reading a new study from USC researchers." It found "that Angelinos who drive more tend to be exposed to less air pollution, and Angelinos who drive less tend to be exposed to more pollution."

I WAS A DEMOCRAT WHO WORKED FOR A TEACHERS' UNION BUT I'M VOTING REPUBLICAN FOR EDUCATION FREEDOM

Now, the argument is that low-income communities of color were torn apart to make way for freeways over the decades, while the Whiter, richer neighborhoods don't have to deal with the traffic or the freeways. This, the left claims, constitutes environmental racism.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

And who's to blame for the generational poverty that has plagued minority neighborhoods in the United States? Liberals, of course, who thought that they could replace the nuclear family with big government, that's who. The fact is, their policies have failed Black America on everything from crime to the economy to education. So now all they can do is try to blame America itself. In the practice of racial grievance, this has become its own subspecialty."Real Time" host Bill Maher took a moment Friday night to tip his hat to Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., who offered a candid response to a question over what the difference is between equity and equality.

During last week's "Overtime" segment, Maher read a viewer question, "Are we confusing equality of opportunity with trying to guarantee equity in outcomes ?"

"I think this word ‘equity’ has come into the language in the last few years and before that we didn’t hear it a lot, and I think a lot of people hear ‘equity’ and they hear ‘equality’ like it’s the same word, but it’s not the same word and the same concept," Maher said.

BILL MAHER QUIZZES BERNIE SANDERS ON WOKE ‘EQUITY’ LANGUAGE, SENATOR UNSURE OF DEFINITION: ‘I DON’T KNOW'

He asked Sanders if he knew the difference between both terms.

"Well equality, we talk about — uh, I don’t know what the answer to that is," Sanders responded.

Maher revisited that moment during Friday's panel discussion.

"It made a little news… I said what's the difference. And God bless him, he said, ‘[Honestly], I’m not sure I know.' And Bernie, you're not alone," Maher told the progressive lawmaker.

"I can't find anybody who actually knows or people — they have a different view of it," Maher added.

BILL MAHER SAYS COVID ‘DISSENTERS’ ARE ‘LOOKING PRETTY GOOD’ FOLLOWING LAB LEAK THEORY DEVELOPMENTS

Author and linguist John McWhorter blasted equity as a "wormy" term, which he described as "having equality by forcing the issue" like "bringing people into positions they're not qualified for yet so everything looks ‘like America.’"

"They're trying to slip in without letting you know that it's going to be equality accomplished in a way that you probably wouldn't like," McWhorter said. "And the people who do this think it's the right thing because they're on the side of the angels."

"This DEI [Diversity, Equity and Inclusion], it's not accident that ‘D-E-I’ is the first three letters of deity. These people think of themselves as gods. None of this is an accident," McWhorter added about the "weasel word."

BILL MAHER RAILS AGAINST TRIGGER WARNINGS IN COLLEGES, ENTERTAINMENT: ‘HOW WEAK MY COUNTRY HAS BECOME’

Maher claimed CBS writers' room requirements now seek at least 50% BIPOC (Black, Indigenous and people of color) writers for the network's shows, indicating he believes that's an example of equity.

"They're saying, like, ‘Well, these aren’t the best people perhaps to write the show’ — what if it's a show about a polka band in a ski town?" Maher quipped.

Meanwhile, journalist Josh Tyrangiel offered a "slight defense" of the equity efforts in government and corporate America.

"I don't disagree with a lot of what you're saying. At the same time, if you're one of those people who has been trying to crack a writers' room, it's hard. It's really hard because historically in this town, writers' rooms, I say this as a Jew, it's like diversity was like one member of each of the 12 tribes, right?" Tyrangiel joked. "There's a lot of Jews in those rooms, and that's great."

"Jews are funny!" Maher exclaimed.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Tyrangiel later continued, "While I wouldn't say it's got to be 50%, it's got to be tomorrow, I think the impulse here is not something that we should make fun of even as we make fun of the ways in which it might be implemented because ultimately, without a forcing mechanism, change doesn't happen very much. So I don't think it's a bad thing to say we need to strive to get this done and we may need to put some pressure."

Fox News' Jeffrey Clark contributed to this report.World-famous podcaster and standup comedian Joe Rogan’s Comedy Mothership venue has opened in Austin, Texas, offering an escape from cancel culture.

Rogan, despite being uninvolved in politics directly, is famous for engaging people across all walks of life in conversations that would be considered politically taboo. As he and other entertainers have been criticized or ostracized by much of mainstream media, Rogan has responded by opening his own venue.

"The Mothership lands! Joe Rogan is opening up the club by bringing out some of the biggest names in comedy and some of comedy's rising stars," an event announcement for a "Joe Rogan and Friends" show on Wednesday read. "This is your chance to see the first shows at this soon to be historic club."

The official website’s FAQ page warned in clear terms that the venue will host controversial comedians, featuring the query, "Should I research the comedian before attending a show?" The following answer explains, "Yes. Comedy is subjective and certain comedians are not for everybody. Watching a YouTube clip or reading the headliner's biography is a great way to get insight on the expected performance."

ROGAN AND HIS GUESTS DISCUSS BIDEN'S PREVIOUS CAUTION ABOUT STARTING WORLD WAR 3: ‘TOTALLY OUT OF THE WINDOW’

The Hollywood Reporter summarized, "Comedy Mothership is the comedian and podcaster’s effort to launch what he’s described as an ideal venue for comics and an effort to terraform the Texas capitol into a major live comedy hub." The same magazine reported that Rogan exclaimed, "You can’t fire me from my own club, b---!"

The Hollywood Reporter observed that the first "Joe Rogan and Friends" performance "included Rogan-verse regulars Ron White, [Tim Dillon], Roseanne Barr and Tony Hinchcliffe" and that the evening was full of irreverent, politically-incorrect humor. "For the anti-cancel-culture crowd, this is their new safe space."

WHO IS ROSEANNE BARR? THE UNTOLD STORY OF THE BRASH, BOLD COMEDIAN WHO REFUSES TO BE CANCELED

Rogan explained to the audience that having this venue is a surreal experience for him "It doesn’t feel real. I know it’s real, but it doesn’t feel real … I was super nervous today." He also reportedly noted that he would love to interview the President’s son, Hunter Biden, on his show, "I can turn this around for you," Rogan said. "If my dad had Alzheimer’s, and I was doing coke, I would have done the exact same shit you did. I really want to get him on."

Roseanne Barr, who has locked horns with cancel culture in the past, has returned to public life and praised Rogan for his proactive move.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"I want to thank Joe for building this wonderful Mothership for comedians," Barr said. "It’s so great in the green room with everybody up there being drunk and smoking pot, just like at the Comedy Store when Mitzi Shore was still alive, and comedy was f---ing king."

She then reportedly segued into a condemnation of mainstream media companies, "After 30 years of fighting ABC to have Black writers and Black characters on my show and then having the same f---ing libtards turn around and call me a racist, it really f---ing pissed me off."Comedian Sarah Silverman said during an interview on CBC Radio One's "Q with Tom Power" that she cringes at some jokes from her past, but claimed it's a normal learning process as time goes on.

Silverman has made a career out of using shock-value in her comedy, from saying, "I hope the Jews did kill Christ, I’d do it again" in a standup routine, to wearing blackface in a past comedy skit. In a recent interview she noted that many of her past jokes make her uncomfortable, but she thinks that comedians and America in general need to accept societal progress.

"Gee, comedy is not evergreen," she said the interview. "If you're not looking back at what you did 10 years ago and cringing, you're probably doing something wrong." She spoke about her 2005 standup special, "Jesus Is Magic," and recounted, "There's, like, N-word, hard R, the R-word, is that enough to say? M-word for little person."

"I'm not saying this out of fear, but just out of being mindful because once you learn something, you can't un-ring that bell unless you decide you're going to just know something cuts people and say it anyway," she added.

AS DAVE CHAPPELLE FIGHTS CANCEL CULTURE, 3 COMEDIANS SAY FREE SPEECH WILL PREVAIL OVER CENSORSHIP

She also claimed that she was not her authentic self in her past comedic portrayals, but playing a character with "ignorant arrogance." She went on to say that she felt punished when President Trump was elected, and she saw "ignorant arrogant" qualities in him as an actual person.

Silverman said that learning from the past and growing is a natural process that entertainers and society as a whole must accept.

"I’m into growing, changing, all that s---, I’m into it but people-it is a human instinct to be very afraid of change… even just with how upset people are about pronouns is like, so odd to me, and they're very funny I mean listen, I want to get your pronouns right, I'm so down with it and I f--- up maybe 100 percent of the time, but I’m trying, and I know it will eventually be without thought."

"Even the people fighting that today, it will be muscle memory for them in five years, like it's so odd when they don't see the pattern of resisting and then it just being normalized," she added.

WHO IS ROSEANNE BARR? THE UNTOLD STORY OF THE BRASH, BOLD COMEDIAN WHO REFUSES TO BE CANCELED

Silverman has spoken about cancel culture before during an episode of her own podcast.

"In this cancel culture, and we all know what I’m talking about, whether you think there is one or there isn’t one or where you stand on it, and there’s a lot of gray matter there, but without a path to redemption, when you take someone, you found a tweet they wrote seven years ago or a thing that they said, and you expose it and you say, this person should be no more, banish them forever," Silverman said. "They’re going to find someplace where they are accepted and it’s not going to be with progressives, which ironically means to be changed, progress."

CLICK TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

She later went on to say, "If we don’t give these people a path to redemption, then they’re going to go where they are accepted, which is the mother-----g dark side."World-famous podcaster and comedian Joe Rogan has opened a new comedy club with the direct goal of defying cancel culture. The Comedy Mothership venue debuted this week in Austin, Texas, and it has been praised by attendees for its defiance of woke attacks on comedy.

Rogan has risen to massive popularity partially because of his freewheeling conversations with people across the political spectrum. Fox News Digital Entertainment interviewed some of the people who attended the popular new venue he bought and has opened.

Billy from nearby Dallas, Texas noted that he is "pretty excited about it because Joe Rogan at this point in his career is un-cancelable." He went on to say, "You can’t cancel Joe Rogan. Therefore you’ve got an amazing comedy club that is also full of un-cancelable, amazing people."

A New Yorker named Mat observed, "I think what Joe Rogan is bringing to Austin is pure freedom of speech."

ROGAN AND HIS GUESTS DISCUSS BIDEN'S PREVIOUS CAUTION ABOUT STARTING WORLD WAR 3: ‘TOTALLY OUT OF THE WINDOW’

A man named Brady from Phoenix, Arizona claimed the new club is a game-changer for freedom of speech.

"I think it’s a very big deal that Joe is opening his own club. It's providing an opportunity for people to come speak their mind for free speech without fear of repercussion or being canceled," he told Fox News Digital Entertainment. "Reminder that comedy is supposed to be funny. Everyone is here to have a good time and that’s really what this is the embodiment of is free speech."

WHO IS ROSEANNE BARR? THE UNTOLD STORY OF THE BRASH, BOLD COMEDIAN WHO REFUSES TO BE CANCELED

He later added, "It’s certainly good for Austin, but I’d say it’s even good for the country. I think right now were in a point where everyone, it’s cancel culture. Everyone’s afraid to speak up, everyone’s afraid to speak out, and having a place like this where folks can come and just joke around and have a good time and not fear repercussion or fear that they’re not going to be booked again or anything like that. It is truly freedom of speech, and it's good for Austin, and it’s good for the country, it’s good for Texas. It couldn’t be better."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"I think it would be good to get a new crowd for comedy," Lili from the Twin Cities in Minnesota observed. Speaking of the left-leaning Austin, she added, "This is a more liberal city. Maybe expose them to that type of comedy and bring in a new group of people."



"I love it! I love Joe Rogan. I love the fact that he can be like whoever he is and invite whoever he wants here," Aimee from New Braunfels Texas said of the new club.