NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

We are starting to get a better, a more precise sense of what it means when Joe Biden brags about the strongest and most equitable economic recovery in modern history. What it means is it could be time to buy gold and stockpile food. Oh, there's a deal on Russian steel case and then go pick up a pallet. Just kidding, sort of.

Yesterday, some of the biggest banks in this country, Wells Fargo, Bank of America, JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley collectively lost more than $50 billion in market value in one day. That's quite a hit. On the other hand, those banks still exist, and you can't say that for Silicon Valley Bank . As of this morning, Silicon Valley Bank or SVB has gone under completely. That makes the second-biggest bank failure in the history of this country, and that's significant.

SVB financed nearly half of all venture-backed health care and technology companies in the United States. It also apparently held significant cash reserves for some of the biggest cryptocurrencies, and it's now gone. Federal regulators have renamed it and taken it over and that means an awful lot of people lost an awful lot of money and no, most of that money was not insured, no matter what they tell you. The FDIC only guarantees bank deposits up to $250,000, and according to some reports, more than 90% of all deposits at SBP exceeded that and it's unclear whether those people will ever see their money again.

In fact, when customers showed up at SVB's branch in Manhattan today to get their deposits back. Managers called the police. So, what we have here is a 1929 style bank run and that's not a good sign for anyone. The question is whether the people who run SVB saw it coming. The CEO, a man called Greg Becker, apparently sold more than $2 million in bank stock over the last two weeks. According to the site, "Unusual Whales," several other high-level employees of SVB, including Chief Marketing Officer Michelle Draper, Chief Operations Officer Phil Cox, General Counsel Michael Zuckert, all sold significant amounts of stock in SVB this year. Did those employees know their bank was in trouble? We don't know and once again, where were the regulators? They’re supposed to prevent this.

MEDIA OUTLETS BURY FTX-DEMOCRAT CAMPAIGN FINANCING ANGLE

Once again, we don't know and the business press is supposed to be telling ordinary people what's happening with business. Apparently, nobody noticed anything. In fact, as with the FTX crypto scam, you may recall, self-described financial experts in the media were busy promoting Silicon Valley Bank as a great investment that would last forever. The formerly great, but now quite embarrassing Forbes Magazine, in fact, named SVB to its list of America's best banks, not once, but five years in a row. And of course, inevitably you saw this coming, here is professional B.S. artist/dumb person Jim Cramer of CNBC telling his viewers to buy Silicon Valley Bank even though it was in the process of going under. This is last month;

JIM CRAMER: SVB Financial, this company is a merchant bank with a deposit base that Wall Street had been mistakenly concerned about. SVB is the old Silicon Valley Bank, recently bought one of our favorite research firms Moffett Nathanson and it's become less dependent on private equity and venture capitalist offerings. Wait a second, those dried up last year, they could come back! Long-term private equity and venture capital, they're not going away, being a banker to these immense pools of capital has always been a very good business. SVB's nearly 40% rally this year is barely a drop in the bucket

SVB is great. If that guy ever endorses anything you're doing, move to the Canary Islands. Change your name because disaster is coming, but just like FTX, all the geniuses told you to buy SVB, even when it was on the brink of total collapse. What explains that? Surely something does. We don't really know at this point. Hopefully we will someday.

What we can say tonight is that SVB, like the scammers at FTX, had quite the public relations department. We're not some greedy finance outfit that exists solely to generate cash for overpaid sleaze balls who run it. No, that's not us. We may be a bank. We've got the soul of an NGO. We care. We're saving the world and to prove it, there's a whole page on SVB's website about their plans to "monitor and reduce our own carbon emissions." Yes, because you want a bank that cares about carbon emissions and of course, there's endless posturing because it's all free about diversity, equity and inclusion.

Marisa Phan, the managing director at SVB, wrote this on LinkedIn just three weeks before the bank collapse "Feeling inspired and energized after hosting an extraordinary group of pioneering and dynamic women in Silicon Valley Bank's Female Founder and VC Tahoe Ski Retreat." Adjectives are free. They use a bunch of them and then she attached pictures of the ski trip showing the group of these pioneering and dynamic female bankers having a great time because, of course, they're having a great time because few things are more empowering to oppressed female bankers than skiing in Tahoe.

CHICAGO BANK SECURITY GUARD SHOT BY ROBBER, POLICE SAY

And they kept this cr-- up to the very end. As their bank began to slip beneath the waves, SVB posted this on its social media feeds "As part of Women's History Month, we're celebrating founders of women led companies like Suma Wealth's, Beatriz Acevedo, a company that SVB described lovingly as "focused on closing the Latinx wealth gap." It's the problem with Latinx. There's a wealth gap and there was a video, too. Of course, there was.

So, now that SVB has blown up and lost billions of other people's money in the process, we thought we would show you the video because, oh, we can't resist. Enjoy.

BEATRIZ ACEVEDO: My name is Beatriz Acevedo and I am the CEO and co-founder of Suma Wealth. I was born in Tijuana, Mexico. I am a very proud border girl who had the privilege to grow up with the best of both worlds. I went to school in San Diego. I went to UCSD. I have a lot of scars from my days going across the border. I remember I got this memo and it just said that all my shows were cancelled, and it was a time where women, never men, were put into something they called their refrigerator. If they felt like you had a lot of power, they would just put you there to cool you off for a while.

Unaddressed in the video is whether she's actually a capable banker. We hope so. We have no idea. We know the guys at SVB were not capable bankers, didn't seem to spend a lot of time banking or paying close attention because they had videos to make about dynamic, pioneering, glass ceiling shattering women. So, when interest rates were at historic lows, SVB bought more than 20 billion in long-term Treasury bonds and to be fair, they were encouraged by the government to do this. All banks were.

The problem was when interest rates went up as they were always going to, because they can't stay at zero forever (Did you know that?). Well, when that happened, those bonds lost their value and that, of course, was a disaster for a ton of banks, but a true disaster for SVB and then a disaster for a lot of individuals who had their money there and companies that had borrowed money from SVB.

HOUSE FREEDOM CAUCUS MEMBERS UNVEIL PLAN TO ADDRESS DEBT CEILING CRISIS AMID BATTLE WITH BIDEN, DEMOCRATS

So, you can expect a lot of bankruptcies in the coming weeks due to this and then the countless downstream effects from those bankruptcies, all of them bad. This is a disaster, not just for the tech industry, people who we could easily make fun of, but for everyone, for all of us.

But the interesting thing is the Biden administration doesn't seem to care at all. They're not that interested because numbers, whether you're making money or losing money or doing something efficiently, you're doing it sloppily doesn't really matter as long as you're making videos about pioneering female bankers and as long as they get to ski in Tahoe. That's the real concern.

Just today, Biden's top economic adviser, Cecilia Rouse, addressed reporters in the White House in the briefing room about what had just happened and she assured everybody that the bank run we're watching is an isolated incident. No, it's not a big deal, just this one bank. It's not connected to anything else at all and the fact that this bank failed, just like the fact that FTX failed, has nothing to do with the fact that the people who run it spend a ton of their time doing completely irrelevant cr-- that had to do with politics and changing American culture.

Were you reassured by that? We should know that Cecilia Rouse has been thinking a lot about this when she worked at Princeton, which is a university in New Jersey. She wrote her research agenda on diversity, equity and inclusion. The title is "Diversity in the Economics Profession: A New Attack on an Old Problem." Because the color of your economists is essential. Their competence? Not so much. Just so you know, by the way, these are the consequences of that attitude. See in South Africa, where they don't have electricity tonight.

Coincidentally or not, that is the very same topic, diversity in economics, that our director of our National Economic Council, Lael Brainard, is also fixated on. Another genius! When Brainard was at the Fed in 2021, she wasn't too concerned about future bank collapses due to the insane and reckless Fed policy she was overseeing. No, why worry about that because there's climate change? That's what she was really worried about, climate change. "As part of our prudential and financial stability responsibilities, we are developing scenario analysis to model the possible financial risks associated with climate change and assess the resilience of individual financial institutions in the financial system to those risks."

YELLEN ANSWERS WHETHER IRS WILL CONSIDER RACE, GENDER IN AUDITS AS PART OF BIDEN 'EQUITY' PUSH

Just a pause for one second. Anyone who writes that way is a moron m-o-e-r-o-n, moron. So, if you find someone in a position of authority, particularly economics, who cannot write a declarative sentence, be prepared for your banks to fail .

We should be honest that ESG and equity are only part of the problem here. Stupidity is a huge part of the problem, SVB and FTX for that matter are just two of several major players in the financial industry that have gone under in recent months. Are you noticing any of this?

There was the bank Silvergate (more than 11 billion in assets). There was a crypto broker, Voyager (a billion in assets), the crypto fund 3AC ($10 billion in assets), Block-fi and a number of others. On Friday, Wells Fargo customers reported they didn't get their paychecks as expected. The bank says that was just a computer glitch. We don't really know, but we're paying attention.

What is very clear is that we're witnessing something serious happening in the finance sector and in other sectors of our economy. We don't know where any of this is going. We're certainly praying for the best. We don't want to see hysteria. But if you're the Treasury secretary of the United States, you would be very concerned. You'd be paying really close attention because that's your job.

But Janet Yellen is not paying close attention. She's not worried about it because it's in this country. She's worried instead about funding the pensions of Ukrainian government workers. She flew to Kyiv the other day to tell us that and as always, Janet Yellen is highly focused on her core duties as treasury secretary. That would be equity, climate change and abortion.

JANET YELLEN: The Biden-Harris administration has made racial equity a centerpiece of our economic agenda.

YELLEN: Roe v. Wade and access to reproductive health care, including abortion, helped lead to increased labor force participation.

YELLEN: President Biden, and I feel the same way too, believe that climate change is an existential threat that absolutely must be addressed.

YELLEN: The message I bring you from President Biden is simple. America will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.

She's very upset about Ukraine and we don't have enough abortions and equity, equity, abortion and Ukraine. Got it. Got it. Got it. Children hour is over. It's time for the adults because we have actual problems, not even call them systemic problems with our economy and so when you have those, you want smart, wise people with foresight and self-control and the ability to focus on things of actual consequence, not on the fashionable cr-- that occupies most of our time here on cable news, but in the long-term stuff that will ensure your country remains strong and prosperous when you are gone, which for most of these people won't be long because they're very, very old.

MCCARTHY SHREDS BIDEN'S BUDGET PROPOSAL: 'COMPLETELY UNSERIOUS'

Where are those people? Where are the adults? Here you have the second biggest bank failure in American history, the biggest since 2008, the second largest failure in our nation's history and they're yammering on about racial equity. Really? Yes, they are because nobody in Washington at this point even acknowledges economics is real unless it can be tied somehow to climate change or racism. Here's Congresswoman Cori Bush of Saint Louis.

REP. CORI BUSH: My Republican colleagues have unironically invited a for-profit think tank and oil titans whose expertise is in maximizing profits, especially at the expense of our Black or Brown and our indigenous neighbors’ health, safety and well-being. Last week, I joined ranking member Raskin and all of my Democratic Oversight colleagues in calling on Oversight Republicans to denounce White nationalism and denounce White supremacy in all its forms.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

White supremacy, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Yeah, great. That's fine and we get peace and prosperity. You can handle some dumb people at the helm and it's kind of amusing. They're fun to laugh at, but if things start going south, the dumb people have to leave and they should be replaced by the smart, wise people who have some idea of how to fix things. But those people have not yet arrived. Joe Biden just introduced a $7 trillion budget. Oh, a budget? That’s funding, that's money, right? That should address the core economic concerns that every person can feel. Most people don't understand it. Everybody can feel it.

The $7 trillion budget mentions "climate change’ 148 times. He mentions "equity," never defined, 63 times, "environmental justice" 25 times and cross-dressing, now known as transgenderism, eight times. Feel better? Are the adults back?NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

We all say foolish things. Heck, that’s why social media is so popular. At least most of us don’t try to turn those comments into legislation.

But that’s what’s happening with a proposed media law in Florida that’s designed to go after bloggers. I’m not exaggerating. A section of the proposed law is titled, "Blogger registration and reporting." Anyone who loves their rights should cringe when politicians talk about mandatory registration and fines. (Gun owners know what I mean.)

Florida Republican Gov. Ron DeSantis made it clear he is not backing the bill during a Tuesday press conference. "That’s not anything I’ve ever supported, I don’t support. I’ve been very clear on what we are doing," he emphasized.

The bill was proposed by Republican state senator Jason Brodeur as a way of forcing what he calls "transparency" on political lobbyists. He wants to stop politicians from hiring bloggers to write a story and then have the campaigns turn around and quote that article. That sounds like he has an ax to grind that would make Paul Bunyan envious.

Overnight, the bill has gone viral as a how-not-to for state government. Numerous outlets tied it to DeSantis and used his name, image or both to attack him – with the ammo Brodeur handed them. Mother Jones compared the bill to something done by the prime minister of Hungary, a man libs love to hate: "Is Florida’s Blogger Registration Bill Inspired by Viktor Orbán?" And the lefty group Free Press didn’t pull punches with its criticism: "Florida's Dangerous Anti-Blogger Bill Is Blatantly Unconstitutional."

FLORIDA BILL PROPOSES BLOGGERS COVERING DESANTIS MUST REGISTER WITH STATE

Only there’s more than a kernel of truth in the criticism, as much as it galls me to admit it. Brodeur wants bloggers to report whoever pays them if they write about the "Governor, the Lieutenant Governor, a Cabinet officer, or any member of the Legislature," rounded off to the nearest $10.

In a video posted to Twitter March 5, he said it would only apply to "bloggers who are paid, compensated to influence or advocate on state elections." Of course, that’s not what the bill says and, even if it said that, it’s an awful idea.

The bill also pretends that journalists at big news outlets are somehow better than bloggers. They aren’t covered by the rules. But a blogger who dares to report on state politics has to register and reveal the site’s funding just for the privilege of writing about the Powers That Be. It’s the journalism version of a poll tax where the government makes you suffer just so you can exercise your rights.

The result benefits the very leftist media the senator opposes – twice.

First off, Brodeur becomes a perfect metaphor for how the right ham-handedly attacks the press. (And I say as someone who has several thousand more hours bashing the leftist press than he does.) The media just love him for it.

There’s more. Brodeur recreated a two-tiered system legitimizing the legacy press that treats conservatives horribly.

This is exactly the system that cropped up when journalists pushed Congress to pass a national shield law, giving them more protection from lawsuits. Only then it was establishment journalists trying to kick bloggers out of their reindeer games, because many bloggers were conservative. During that battle, the Freedom of the Press Foundation correctly warned that, "Congress' Dangerous Attempts to Define ‘Journalist’ in Shield Law Threaten to Exclude Bloggers."

The Electronic Frontier Foundation and Student Press Law Center repeated that criticism and made a point that, frankly, Brodeur needs to hear. "Journalism is an act, not a status." Any one of us can do journalism and, yes, even get paid doing so.

As a reminder for the good senator, the U.S. Constitution has a key section about "freedom of the press." Nowhere in that document does it limit that freedom to big news outlets. Like the other rights in the First Amendment – religion, speech, assembly and petitioning our government – they apply to every single one of us.

Even in Florida.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

Last Thursday, Ukraine’s head of intelligence Kyrylo Budanov claimed in an interview with Ukrainian Pravda that members of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s inner circle are now working as spies for Ukraine, having betrayed their boss. However, the claim is unlikely to be true. Rather, the Ukrainian spy agency is more likely looking to dislodge Putin psychologically and cause him to chase phantoms and self-sabotage.

While it is plausible that Ukrainians have infiltrated spies into the Russian government, those double agents are likely removed from Putin. It is extremely difficult to recruit an intelligence asset, a spy, who is close to Putin. His inner circle is very small, and its members are under heavy surveillance. Russia’s domestic counterintelligence agency, the FSB, employs a technical surveillance system SORM that intercepts phone calls, monitors text messages and emails, and tracks all internet communications of Russians who hold sensitive positions. Foreigners, especially U.S. and Western diplomats, intelligence officers and businessmen are also constantly monitored.

Travel abroad is significantly restricted for Putin’s close allies due to economic sanctions placed on them by the U.S. and European countries, making recruitment even harder. Furthermore, the ubiquitous presence of technology nowadays has dramatically reduced the ability of spies and their handlers to meet and communicate clandestinely.

RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR AN OUTLOOK FOR 2023: MORE BLOODSHED TO COME WITH NO END IN SIGHT

Finally, Russian counterintelligence is among the world’s most brutal. The risk of working for the opposing side is extremely high, further reducing the number of volunteers. If uncovered, such a person would be eliminated immediately. At the height of the Cold War, Soviet KGB executed 10 Russian citizens who were working as double agents for the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). Among them was Oleg Vladimirovich Penkovsky, codenamed HERO, a Soviet military intelligence colonel who passed highly valuable military, political and economic secrets to the U.S. and British intelligence. Motivated to help avoid a nuclear war between the U.S. and USSR, Penkovsky played a major role in Washington's ability to gain the upper hand during the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis. The Soviets executed him on May 17, 1963.

If Ukrainian intelligence did penetrate Putin’s inner circle, Budanov would have never publicly blurted it out. When you do have a human asset in heart of the adversary’s government, you do everything to protect him and preserve the stream secrets he provides. (Spies, i.e. those who betray their country selling secrets to a foreign government, are almost exclusively men.) Loose lips would get the asset killed, making others unwilling to risk their lives for such a negligent spy agency.

Budanov’s Bombshell claim is more consistent with a PSYOP, a psychological operation intended to unbalance Putin psychologically and throw the Russian security apparatus into a loop. The goal is to compel them to hunt for a mole, thus distracting them from the main target - Ukraine.

Playing on Putin’s suspicious nature, Ukrainian intelligence probably wants the Russians to initiate a comprehensive security review of those close to the Russian strongman. This process would entail beefed up surveillance, interrogations, lie detectors and other security procedures. Such reviews drain resources, demoralize personnel, and shift the focus from an outside target, a foreign adversary, to an insider threat.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

During the most dangerous time of Cold War, the CIA fell prey to a massive Soviet counter-intelligence scheme which all but paralyzed the agency. Using the tactic of "fake defectors" and playing on the conspiracy-driven mindset of the legendary U.S. counterspy chief James Jesus Angleton, the Soviet KGB spurred an all-consuming witch hunt within the CIA. At the heart of it was the story of two Soviet defectors, Yuriy Nosenko and Anatoliy Golitsyn.

Nosenko, a KGB operative, defected in Geneva in January 1964, shortly after the assassination of President Kennedy in Dallas. He convinced the CIA to exfiltrate him to the U.S. in exchange for information on the links between Kennedy’s assassin, Lee Harvey Oswald, and the KGB. During the CIA debriefings, Nosenko told his interrogators that the KGB-Oswald connection was negligible and that the USSR was not behind the president’s assassination. Angleton, however, believed that Nosenko was a "dispatched defector" sent by the Soviets to confuse the U.S. government. The CIA placed Nosenko in solitary confinement at one of its secret locations near Williamsburg, Virginia. He remained in isolation for three years and was subjected to harsh interrogations that were portrayed in a spy movie "The Good Shepherd."

Angleton’s thinking was influenced by another Soviet defector, Golitsyn, who was evacuated by the CIA out of Helsinki in 1961, and whom Angleton considered genuine. During his debriefings, Golitsyn claimed that the CIA was penetrated by Soviet spies and that the KGB would send subsequent fake defectors who would try to discredit him and the information he had given to the agency. The controversy over the reliability of the two defectors started a bitter dispute within the agency, causing a split within the CIA Russia Directorate into two camps, those who thought Nosenko was a Soviet "plant" and those who thought he was genuine. The resulting mole-hunt decimated the agency’s operational and analytic capability, as many expert Sovietologists lost their jobs.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Prior to his recent claim, Kyiv’s top spy chief told ABC in January that Putin has terminal cancer and "will die very soon," contradicting the CIA director William Burns revealed in July that Putin is "entirely too healthy." On Sunday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy predicted that Putin’s regime will fall to an uprising from his own people who would "find a reason to kill the killer."

A highly-trained intelligence operative, Putin is an extremely hard target to get to psychologically, as he is acutely aware of being a top target for Ukraine’s and Western intelligence. On Tuesday, Putin called on his domestic security agency, the FSB, to beef up its counter-espionage work, in order to "interdict Ukraine’s sabotage groups." He knows the spy game playbook, having being a top player in the business, and is not overly concerned about a hidden mole within his immediate circle. However, as a public relations tactic, the KGB spymaster is counter-signaling to his people and the West that he’s got the Ukrainian spy thing under control.

With the war entering a second year with no end in sight, Putin is under enormous stress. Ukraine’s efforts to probe whether the Russian master spy is as indestructible, as he tries to portray himself, and sow suspicion in his inner circle, are entirely sensible. But it is not likely that a Ukrainian James Bond is roaming the Kremlin.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

Can we trust Congress to set politics aside and do the right thing?

I get that question from a lot of veterans and military family members.

I will testify on Wednesday as one of the initial witnesses for the long-awaited House Foreign Affairs Committee hearing that will re-visit the botched Afghan withdrawal by discussing the Afghanistan collapse and the impact it's had on our nation, the Afghan people, and our veterans.

The theme for my testimony is simple.

IN AFGHANISTAN ONE YEAR AGO, OPERATION PINEAPPLE EXPRESS SHOWED THE BEST OF AMERICA

The U. S. government may not have had the backs of our Afghan Allies, but our veterans did.

For as long as we've been a nation, our veterans have been a moral compass for doing the right thing, especially in hard times. When Kabul collapsed on August 15, 2021, thousands of veterans across the country watched the Taliban take back Afghanistan.

Most of these men and women veterans had paid their dues and moved on with their lives. Jumping back into the quagmire of Afghanistan was certainly not part of their military retirement plans.

Yet they did just that, and in a big way. Because they weren’t willing to break a promise that every warrior lives by: "I have your back."

This hearing on Wednesday will be the first time that the voices of these volunteer veterans will be heard in this kind of public forum.

It’s possible that the whole thing might quickly spiral into the polarized political grandstanding most of us have come to expect.

9/11 ANNIVERSARY MAKES IT EASY FOR VETERANS TO REMEMBER WHY WE WERE IN AFGHANISTAN

Even so, a few of us are going to walk in there, take that oath, and speak our truth on the off chance that our political system still honors its social contract with its veterans.

Veterans know something about the impact of the Afghan withdrawal that our country seems oblivious to: we might be done with Afghanistan, but it's not done with us.

For my part, I intend to drive home the fact that right now, veterans are still holding the line for our Afghan Allies. We are banding together, pooling our resources, and sharing information about best practices on safe passage and resettlement issues. We’re advocating for our Afghan partners.

Why?

Because veterans know something about the impact of the Afghan withdrawal that our country seems oblivious to: we might be done with Afghanistan, but it's not done with us.

As Afghanistan re-emerges as a terrorist safe haven, our national security risk is higher than even pre-911 levels. And no one is talking about it.

Formerly, one of the most-trusted institutions in our civil society, public trust in the military was crushed by the Afghanistan abandonment, dropping from the mid-70s to 56 percent.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

Consequently, this has impacted military recruiting and retention. Many recruits come from military families and many veterans. I've spoken with dozens of iconic veterans across America, who are advising their loved ones to think twice about joining up.

Humanitarian atrocities that go against every American value of human decency are happening against Afghan women, children, ethnic minorities, and at-risk members of Afghan society in broad daylight, while our government claims to stand for women and other under-represented voices.

Our government left our allies on the side of the road to be killed and then turned the page like it never happened. There have been no efforts to take responsibility for this abandonment or to evacuate the most at-risk Afghans, such as the commandos who fought side-by-side with American troops.

As a result of this moral injury, a violation of what one knows to be right, veteran mental health is plummeting, with an 81% spike in calls to the VA suicide line one year after the withdrawal.

This is not a Democrat issue. It’s not a Republican issue. It's an American issue.

There is deep responsibility on both sides of the Congressional aisle to set politics aside and act responsibly for accountability and change.

Testimony by a few veterans won't be enough. If you care about this issue, please contact the members of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and demand action.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

If Congress doesn't step up in this hearing, this war will follow us home and haunt our society for decades.

Congress, your veterans are watching. Do what's right.

CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM SCOTT MANNNEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

If there was any doubt that the Twitter Files have struck a nerve and deep fear in the Powers That Be, Thursday’s disgraceful behavior by Democrats in a hearing featuring journalists Matt Taibbi and Michael Shellenberger eviscerated it.

Taibbi and Shellenberger had not even uttered a word yet when the Ranking Member of the House Judiciary subcommittee Del. Stacey Plaskett, D-U.S. Virgin Islands, referred to the witnesses as "so-called journalists" in her opening statement. The pair glanced at each other, clearly surprised and confused by the utterly unprovoked attack.

From there it only got worse. Rep. Sylvia Garcia, D-Texas, asked the pair of scribes if they were being paid to testify, again to an absolutely shocked response from them. She went on to try to force Taibbi to reveal information about his sources, a journalistic Rubicon he rightfully refused to cross.

FTC RIPPED FOR GOING AFTER ELON MUSK: 'CLASSIC LEFT IDEOLOGY — GO AFTER THEM, TRASH THE FIRST AMENDMENT'

Other Democrats accused them of wearing tin foil hats, and intimated in ugly language with clear disdain that they were only in it for the money, not to discover the truth about our federal government pressuring Twitter to censor Americans’ speech, which was the reason for the hearing.

It was truly one of the rudest, most unethical, and unAmerican displays that one could ever hope to never witness in the halls of Congress. The pure character assassination was as swift as it was unfounded, the cruel smearing of the pair as deeply cynical as it was baseless.

But why? Why did every Democrat on this committee treat these two journalists, neither of whom are known to be particularly right wing, like lying dogs doing the bidding of their supposed evil master, Twitter owner Elon Musk?

It is true that Musk gave the email files to Taibbi and Shellenberger, along with a handful of other journalists. But the Democrats did not offer one iota of evidence that these writers were being controlled or used by Musk before attempting to destroy their characters and professional reputations.

The chilling message, and one meant for all journalists, was crystal clear: if you report uncomfortable facts that Democrats don’t like, they will attack you and try to discredit you and your work.

The irony, of course, is that it was just this kind of pressure and censorship of the media from the federal government that the committee was investigating with this hearing in the first place.

Just as the FBI and other federal agencies sought to shame and shut down the speech of journalists and scientists by directing Twitter and others to label reasonable dissent as disinformation, these Democrats, unable to make real arguments, maligned the messengers instead.

This is a wake-up moment in which Democrats made plain that they view censorship of journalism as not only a good thing, but necessary to protect us all from foreign election interference, or racism, or climate-change denial. First Amendment be damned, free speech thrown under the bus to "protect" us from these alleged emergencies.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

For their part, Taibbi and Shellenberger both described the blatant government overreach they found in the Twitter Files as "chilling," and as important a story as they have ever covered. There can be no doubt that the shameful behavior of the Democrats on the committee cements that contention.

Even if one is somehow underwhelmed by the expansive revelations of the Twitter Files, there is no justification whatsoever for the appalling treatment that these journalists received. In a just world, Democrats would apologize, instead Republican committee members did so for them.

The American people deserve a fair, and yes, bipartisan investigation into how our intelligence community is working with social media platforms to police our speech. But we did not get that today, instead we got a kangaroo court, something Democrats are getting quite good at.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEW APP

At one point, a clearly angry Taibbi looked squarely at Plaskett and said defiantly, "I am not a 'so-called journalist.'" He might as well have been saying, "At long last, have you left no sense of decency," because the McCarthy hearings had nothing on this mess.

He was speaking for all of us. Democrats can try, as they did today, to frighten the news media into compliance with their ever more absurd worldviews, but we are under no obligation to go along with it. We should thank Taibbi and Shellenberger for taking the insults, looking those Democrats right in the eye, and saying we will not be intimidated, and we will not bend the knee.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

The United States may have shot down one of Communist China’s spy balloons, but America’s problem of surveillance from foreign powers is far from destroyed.

Many Americans were alarmed as we watched the Biden administration take a dangerously lazy approach to taking down the Chinese spy balloon. We are right to be upset about this, and demand action in response, but that balloon is just a small piece of Communist China’s massive surveillance effort targeting you, our military and American businesses.

The harsh reality is that the Chinese Communist Party has been surveilling the United States for years using drones purchased with your taxpayer dollars and operated by your federal government.

As if the army of Chinese drones being operated by the feds isn’t bad enough, the U.S. government continues to stand idly by while Chinese-made drones from companies like Da Jiang Innovations (DJI) and Autel Robotics completely dominate the civilian drone market, with DJI producing over 50% of the drones on the marketplace alone. And they’ve hired some high-powered lobbyists to convince Washington politicians and bureaucrats to keep it that way.

KEEP CHINA AND AMERICA'S ENEMIES AWAY FROM OUR COLLEGE KIDS

For years, I’ve been sounding the alarm on the risks that Chinese-made drones pose to U.S. national security. Xi Jinping and his communist regime are on a quest for global domination and will use any means to accomplish that – stealing, cheating, spying, and funding technology like drones made by DJI, to spy on Americans and infiltrate our government.

We’ve made progress, but I won’t stop until every single Chinese-made drone is ripped from the inner workings within our government and replaced with drones made in the United States of America.

I’ve introduced the American Security Drone Act to prohibit the U.S. government from purchasing drones manufactured in countries identified as national security threats, like Iran and Communist China.

Then my Countering CCP Drones Act is the next step to ensure that federal funds from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) cannot be used to obtain communications equipment and services produced or provided by DJI.

These bills build on my previous efforts to prohibit the military from purchasing Chinese-made drones. In 2021, I worked with my colleagues in Congress to include in the National Defense Authorization Act a requirement that the Pentagon update regulations on drone technology that make it easier for American drone makers to compete against Chinese drone manufacturers, like DJI.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

The federal government has also made some critical moves, including the Treasury Department ban of U.S. investment in DJI and the Department of Defense putting DJI on its "Chinese military companies list" in October, which monitors companies working with China’s military. But it doesn’t go far enough.

The U.S. Secret Service continues to purchase Chinese-made drones, and federal funds are being used at an alarming rate for the purchase of these risky drones in state and local agencies across the country.

DJI drones still also comprise most of the Agricultural Research Service and Department of Interior’s drone fleet. We’re quickly approaching a too little, too late posture. The time for action is now.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

America is faced with a choice. We can allow Communist China to surveil our nation, spy on our citizens and dominate the global economy. Or we can take decisive steps to strategically remove Communist China from our supply chain while supporting the return of critical industries, like drones and technology, to American shores and promoting buy-American policies.

We can sell out to Communist China, choosing the cheaper, easier, convenience of Chinese-made drones while ignoring the long-term consequences and risks. Or we can choose to put America first. The choice is ours.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

Dr. Anthony Fauci had every reason to cover up the truth.

Documents show he played a vital role in funneling through a third party roughly $600,000 in taxpayer money to the Wuhan laboratory in China where the deadly COVID virus may well have leaked. The funds were earmarked for dangerous gain-of-function research that can transform a virus into a lethal "superbug."

On Wednesday, Dr. Robert Redfield, an experienced virologist who served as the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, testified at a hearing on Capitol Hill that "it is not scientifically plausible" that the virus somehow originated in animals or bats and then spread to humans.

Fauci knew this because Redfield and four other knowledgeable experts told him so. But Fauci — an immunologist, not a virologist — feared that his suspected complicity in engineering the virus would be revealed. He was determined to suppress the lab leak evidence and, instead, peddle the natural origin theory to the public. He "wanted a single narrative," said Redfield. That "inaccurate" narrative appears to be an effort to absolve himself in the deadliest man-made catastrophe in history.

THIS IS THE BIGGEST SCANDAL IN AMERICAN HISTORY

Some 6.87 million people worldwide were killed as 760 million became infected. More than a million Americans have died. Did Fauci play a role in causing those deaths? His cover-up suggests he thought so.

Fauci was warned by fellow scientists at the outset of the pandemic in late January and early February of 2020 that the COVID-19 contagion contained unusual features that "(potentially) look engineered inside a laboratory," according to emails. Alarmed, Fauci kicked his deception into overdrive with a deliberate misinformation scheme.

COVID ORIGINS HEARING TO FOCUS ON FAUCI'S ROLE IN DISPROVING LAB LEAK THEORY

He covertly commissioned and edited a scientific paper that was published three weeks later that debunked the lab leak hypothesis. Then, while concealing how he instigated the analysis, Fauci publicly touted it as the definitive scientific verdict on COVID’s genesis.

All the while, he hid his involvement and pretended not to know the co-authors with whom he had secretly worked. Citing the paper, Fauci emphatically told Americans that COVID "could not have been artificially or deliberately manipulated."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

The scientists who published the hasty study had previously confided to Fauci that the virus likely came from a lab but reversed themselves in a matter of three days. Dr. Redfield called that about-face "antithetical to science" and accused Fauci of "an attempt to misguide and redirect debate."

It is curious that those same scientists became the beneficiaries of millions of dollars in funding from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) under Fauci after their reversal.

But that’s not all. Recently revealed records show that Fauci colluded with social media platforms to suppress posts that raised the validity of the lab leak theory and discredit anyone who dared to question his contrived narrative.

Two years ago, I penned a column for Fox News Opinion stating that Fauci should be criminally investigated into whether he lied to Congress when he flatly denied that his agency helped fund the Wuhan research.

"The NIH has not ever and does not now fund gain-of-function research in the Wuhan Institute," he told a disbelieving Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky. Afterward, Sen. Paul declared that Fauci had lied. The documented evidence supports that conclusion. In his testimony Wednesday, Dr. Redfield said, "There is no doubt the NIH funded gain-of-function research" at the Chinese lab.

In the past, Fauci described it as "reverse genetics," which he energetically endorsed despite its known hazards. He never understood the grave consequences of a leak that could kill millions of innocent people. Or perhaps he didn’t care.

The NIH money sent to the Wuhan lab was specifically designated for "reverse genetics," according to the written grant. This is compelling evidence that Fauci was not truthful when he testified that the NIH did not fund gain-of-function research.

Intentionally lying while under oath to Congress about a material matter constitutes the felony of perjury (18 USC 1621). The giving of knowingly false and misleading statements during testimony (18 USC 1001) is an equivalent crime regardless of whether the person is under oath. Both offenses result in the same punishment of up to five years behind bars upon conviction.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

As I have argued before, there is more than sufficient evidence to justify an investigation by the Department of Justice as to whether Fauci gave deliberately deceptive or false testimony when he appeared before a Senate committee.

As the evidence against him mounts, the chronicles of Dr. Anthony Fauci demand a sober reassessment. The man who was lionized as "America’s doctor" is not the saintly figure that he and a sycophantic media have long portrayed.

CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM GREGG JARRETTNEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

The battle of the sexes has finally ended after several million years of jockeying and strife. Men won conclusively. We know this because yesterday was International Women's Day . That's the day we as a global community celebrate women, but if you looked closely at the women we were celebrating, you may have noticed a lot of them weren't actually women. They were lumpy-looking dudes, and that was not accidental.

In fact, it was a brilliant piece of sexual jiu-jitsu. Sun Tzu could have written that strategy. Here you had men who are clearly craftier than they look somehow convincing a whole lot of otherwise self-aware and highly educated women to praise them as living paragons of womanhood. Think about how hard it would be to sell that proposition. "I'm going to steal your identity and then mock and degrade the immutable characteristics that define you as a person, and then as I do this, you are going to smile brightly and applaud and then give a speech about how liberated you feel." How about that?

The whole thing is amazing. It's like watching a practical joke devised by the drunkest, most cynical fraternity brothers at the University of Alabama during a hungover breakfast at Denny's. You can picture them all there in baseball hats, dipping Copenhagen, spitting into their coffee mugs. "Think we can get girls to fall for that? No way. They'll never buy it." Oh, but they did. They bought it, and it wasn't really that hard to sell it. Liberals will fall for anything if they think it is fashionable and progressive, and so before long, the practical joke from Denny's at the University of Alabama made it all the way to the White House, where it was taken with the utmost seriousness. Here's Jill Biden and Secretary Tony Blinken handing out an award on International Women's Day to a dude in makeup.

ANNOUNCER: In Argentina, Alba Rueda is a transgender woman who was kicked out of classrooms, barred for sitting for exams, refused job opportunities, subjected to violence and rejected by her family, but in the face of these challenges, she worked to end violence and discrimination against the LGBTQI+ community in Argentina.

CANADIAN FEMALE POWERLIFTER 'OUTRAGED' USA FEDERATION MUST ALLOW TRANS ATHLETES TO COMPETE AGAINST WOMEN

Did you see Tony Blinken fight the natural urge to flinch as that guy kissed him? There was no flinching allowed on "International Men-in-Dresses Day." That might spoil the intended message for the audience, which is, "Hey, ladies, meet your new hero. He's the guy who's making fun of you." And they do welcome the guy. They clap like seals, and you wonder as you watch this, is feminism over? Let's see. Has Rome fallen? Yes. Feminism is over. Feminism has been flattened and sacked by the Visigoths of the trans movement, and if you doubt that, notice that all the women's awards these days seem to be going to men.

Here we have Richard Levine put on an admiral's uniform with a skirt and become USA Today's Woman of the Year. William Thomas wears a one-piece bathing suit and gets nominated for NCAA Woman of the Year. Then some guy who calls himself Fae, with an "e," was Hershey's Women's Day honoree, and so on. The men are taking all the prizes set aside for women, but that's not all they're stealing. They're also taking what progressive called "lived experiences." So anyone could throw on a halter top, but the real dividing line is biology. Only actual women can have menstrual cycles. Well, not anymore. Anything a woman can do, a man can do better. That's the slogan of the trans movement, and that includes getting cramps.

TRANSGENDER GIRL: Wow. I was just thinking, "Oh, I swear to God, if anyone says, Welcome to womanhood, I'm going to lose my ----."

Talk about mansplaining! That's the ultimate mansplainer, some guy, ladies at a certain time each month, your tummy may hurt a little, let me tell you about it and what to do when that happens. It's too funny. "Of course, if men can get their periods, by definition, they can also get pregnant, and that's why we need legal abortion. So, men won't be forced into back-alleys." Watch law professor Khiara Bridges explain.

NEWSOM AG SUED OVER LAW DEEMING CALIFORNIA 'SANCTUARY STATE' FOR MINORS SEEKING TRANSGENDER PROCEDURES

HAWLEY: You've referred to people with a capacity for pregnancy. Would that be women?

BRIDGES: Many women, cis women, have the capacity for pregnancy. Many cis women do not have the capacity for pregnancy. There are also trans men who are capable of pregnancy as well as non-binary people who are capable of pregnancy.

HAWLEY: So, this isn't really a women's rights issue?

BRIDGES: We can recognize that this impacts women while also recognizing that it impacts other groups. Those things are not mutually exclusive, Sen. Hawley.

HAWLEY: So, your view is, is that the core of this right then is about what?

BRIDGES: So, I want to recognize that your line of questioning is transphobic and it opens up trans people to violence. Denying that trans people exist and pretending not to know that they exist.

HAWLEY: I’m denying that trans people exist by asking you if you are talking about women having pregnancies?

BRIDGES: Are you? Are you? Are you? Do you believe that men can get pregnant?

HAWLEY: No, I don't think men can get pregnant.

BRIDGES: You are denying that trans people exist.

How long did that woman spend in the North Korean brainwashing camp? How long would she hesitate before killing you? Not long. So, here she is telling Sen. Hawley, "Stop defending the matriarchy, senator, abortion is between a man and his doctor. Hands off men's bodies. Abortion is for the men." Well, the media agree, by the way.

ARKANSAS LEGISLATURE APPROVES CONTROVERSIAL TRANSGENDER BATHROOM BILL

MSNBC REPORTER: So, we've all been talking about what the Dobbs decision means for women, but it also matters for non-binary and trans-birthing people. So, I went to Atlanta, Georgia, to hear from one trans man about his experience with abortion.

REP. BISHOP AT HEARING: Do you believe that men can become pregnant and have abortions?

AIMEE ARRAMBIDE, ABORTION ACTIVIST: Yes.

REP. CORI BUSH: Trans men and non-binary people do become pregnant.

COLLEEN MCNICHOLAS, PLANNED PARENTHOOD: So long as you have a uterus, you have the capability of getting pregnant, and if you think that accessing abortion care is stigmatizing when you present as a woman, imagine what it is when you're presenting as your authentic male self.

REP. RO KHANNA: I appreciate your mentioning that there are transgender men and non-binary individuals who rely on reproductive health services and abortion services.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Somewhere at the University of Alabama, those fraternity brothers are throwing in another dip and howling. "We got them to make abortion all about men's bodies. We got them to watch TikTok videos where some dude lectures them about menstrual cramps. We got them to give all the ladies' awards to men and feel virtuous as they were doing it." It is the funniest practical joke ever.

Of course, it eliminated an entire category of humanity: Women. So where are the defenders of women? You remember Gloria Steinem famously said, "If men could get pregnant, abortion be a sacrament." Now she's going to House hearings saying men can get pregnant.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

We are living through the largest, deadliest scandal in American history, but the elite media refuses to connect the dots and analyze it.

COVID-19, a disease no one disputes came from Wuhan, China, has killed more than 1.1 million Americans and more than 6.8 million people worldwide. It has left millions of others with chronic health problems.

Because of the teachers’ unions and totally misguided, destructive public health policies, children who were under virtually no risk from COVID-19 have lost at least a year of education. Many children are suffering from depression and other mental health challenges from the forced isolation and lack of social contact.

Now, it is becoming more clear that much of this pain was avoidable – and the result of powerful government employees protecting themselves. As Jarrett Stepman in The Daily Signal wrote:

DAN GAINOR: MEDIA LIED ABOUT COVID LAB LEAK, AND 4 OTHER THINGS THE PRESS GOT WRONG

"In 2020, if you thought it was possible COVID-19 came from a lab in China you were labeled a conspiracy theorist, a peddler of misinformation, ‘bonkers,’ and a racist.

"Facebook and other social media removed the lab leak claim from their apps or slapped ‘misinformation’ labels on it. Facebook did so in lockstep with the government.

"So according to the standard set in 2020, the Department of Energy just came out as a racist purveyor of misinformation this week.

"The Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday that, according to a classified intelligence report provided to the White House and Congress, the Department of Energy concluded that the COVID-19 pandemic likely came from a lab leak.

‘"The Energy Department’s conclusion is the result of new intelligence and is significant because the agency has considerable scientific expertise and oversees a network of U.S. national laboratories, some of which conduct advanced biological research,’ the Wall Street Journal report said."

President Donald Trump called it "the Chinese Virus" and was intensely attacked. Somehow the word "Chinese" was deemed racist. No one disputes that the virus originated in China. But calling it COVID-19 rather than the Chinese virus was more polite. (After all, it’s important to indicate an appropriate sensitivity to the totalitarian dictatorship that is trying to defeat the United States and become the world’s leading power.)

We now know this censorship and speech silencing was part of a systematic effort of senior scientists to mislead the American people. When COVID-19 first became a threat in early 2020, Dr. Anthony Fauci already knew the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) had funded research in the Wuhan Institute of Virology via EcoHealth Alliance. He knew the WIV was a subgrantee of EcoHealth Alliance – and that EcoHealth Alliance was not in compliance with its grant reporting. Specifically, the organization was out of compliance for a project that NIAID knew could potentially make novel bat-borne coronaviruses much more dangerous.

Fauci knew all this.

According to Kentucky Rep. James Comer, who is chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Accountability, on Feb. 1, 2020, "Dr. Fauci, Dr. Collins, and at least eleven other scientists convened a conference call to discuss COVID-19. On the conference call, Drs. Fauci and Collins were first warned that COVID-19 may have leaked from the WIV and may have been intentionally genetically manipulated."

The scientists decided to remain silent to avoid controversy (which would have ultimately fallen back on themselves).

So, the same experts who are paid by the American people and given tens of billions of dollars to invest in research decided that they would deliberately mislead the American people.

This perfectly captures the arrogance of the aristo-bureaucrats, who believe they are intellectually and morally superior to the people to whom they are supposed to be accountable. They believe they have the right and duty to censor what we think and say – and to feed us falsehoods in the name of some higher duty.

This scandal of many of our best professional researchers lying to the American people is compounded by the absolute failure of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Why there has not been a scathing and thorough investigation – and set of hearings on the absolute inability of the bureaucrats in Atlanta to do their jobs – and the general failure of the public health system across the country is a mystery to me. This lack of introspection or investigation should itself be a scandal.

Driven by the economic impact of the Chinese virus, the American government spent trillions of dollars propping up the economy, sparking inflation, massively increasing the national debt, and permitting hundreds of billions in theft and corruption.

Finally, there has been no serious effort to hold the Chinese Communist dictatorship accountable for the damage it has done around the world. There is ample precedent for holding governments responsible for the damage they have done to others (the Lockerbie bombing, the Iranian hostage crisis, 9/11, and other cases).

The Chinese Communists have continuously focused on stopping us from understanding the origins of the pandemic. As Dave Boyer reported in the Washington Times, FBI Director Christopher A. Wray confirmed his agency believes the COVID-19 pandemic likely started from a lab leak in Wuhan, China. He told Fox News on Tuesday that "the FBI has for quite some time now assessed that the origins of the pandemic are most likely a potential lab incident in Wuhan… Here you are talking about a potential leak from a Chinese government-controlled lab.

As Boyer reported, "Mr. Wray also slammed Beijing for stonewalling international efforts to find out what happened. ‘I will just make the observation that the Chinese government, it seems to me, has been doing its best to try to thwart, and obfuscate the work here, the work that we’re doing, the work that our U.S. government and close foreign partners are doing. And that’s unfortunate for everybody,’ he said."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Clearly there ought to be a mechanism for making the Chinese Communist dictatorship pay COVID-19 victims for the disaster it caused. One step might be a COVID-19 tariff on all Chinese imports (the proceeds of which would go into a COVID-19 Compensation Fund that every American family affected by the pandemic could apply to).

Other countries could be urged to establish similar tariffs. Then Xi Jinping and his dictatorship would learn that lying, covering up, and hiding the truth has enormous costs for those guilty of killing millions and forcing the spending of trillions.

This scandal is so large, and covers so many areas, it will be a major factor in politics and government for the next decade. It will go down in history as a turning point in our lives and the life of our country.

We just need to decide what direction we turn: toward clarity and accountability, or toward lies and chaos.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

This week, the House Oversight Committee hosted a hearing on the origins of the COVID-19 pandemic, with multiple expert witnesses pointing to the strong likelihood that it spawned from a leak at the Wuhan Institute of Virology. The hearing comes on the heels of FBI director Chris Wray publicly declaring that the FBI "has for quite some time" made that same assessment, as has the U.S. Department of Energy.

The slow crawl to the truth continues, even as the Biden administration and some U.S. security agencies continue to suppress what can clearly be assessed from the intelligence they possess.

We would know, because we have never wavered in our assessment that a lab leak is the only explanation that has ever been credibly supported by the intelligence, science and common sense – both during and since our time in the office that oversees the entire U.S. intelligence community.

During a Senate confirmation hearing in 2020 – the first in-person Senate hearing after the pandemic began – one of us (Mr. Ratcliffe) promised publicly to, upon confirmation, ensure the intelligence community was "laser focused" on getting to the bottom of the virus’ origins. Once in office, we worked with partners across the intelligence community to make this issue a priority.

COVID DEATHS DESERVED BETTER FROM CDC. HERE'S HOW WE FIX IT

We pushed to declassify intelligence revealing some of what we knew about the virus’s origins and the Chinese Communist Party’s initial cover-up, but faced constant opposition, particularly from within the CIA.

In spite of the good faith efforts of top Trump administration officials, the New York Times in 2020 quoted an anonymous former intelligence official saying we were "conclusion shopping" and compared our pursuit of the truth to "the Bush administration’s 2002 push for assessments saying that Iraq had weapons of mass of destruction and links to al Qaeda, perhaps the most notorious example of the politicization of intelligence."

Here’s the reality: There is a complete absence of intelligence or scientific evidence that the virus naturally occurred in nature. President Trump was being truthful in 2020 when a reporter asked him if he had seen evidence that the virus originated in the Wuhan lab and he said simply, "Yes, I have."

So why, you may ask, are some in the U.S. government – and in particular within the Biden administration – so loath to acknowledge that the lab leak theory is not only probable, but nearly a certainty?

The Intelligence Community rightly sought out virologists and other experts to help form its assessment. One of them was Dr. Robert Garry, who while privately emailing concerns to Dr. Anthony Fauci and others that the virus was manipulated in a lab, publicly criticized such speculation as conspiracy theories. He wasn’t alone.

THIS IS THE BIGGEST SCANDAL IN AMERICAN HISTORY

National Institutes of Health Director Francis Collins urged his colleagues to promote that the virus was naturally occurring for the sake of "international harmony." In fact, many in the scientific community downplayed the lab leak theory.

Some, such as the World Health Organization, did this out of pure corruption in response to pressure from the Chinese Communist Party, while others did it out of fear that a lab inadvertently sparking a global pandemic could jeopardize funding and acceptance of their work in controversial or dangerous areas such as gain of function research. Even Dr. Fauci infamously argued in a 2012 paper that "the benefits of such experiments and the resulting knowledge outweigh the risks."

Once the initial assessment was made that COVID very well could have occurred naturally, based in part on input from experts in the scientific community, some analysts likely found it difficult to move off of that position, even in the face of new and sometimes overwhelming evidence. The Intelligence Community makes great efforts to overcome this tendency – and analysts often do it successfully – but it is a fight against human nature that can only be consistently won when it is deeply ingrained in the workplace culture.

Partisan politics likely played a role as well. A 2020 report by the Intelligence Community’s analytic ombudsman, the career official tasked with refereeing internal disputes over intelligence assessments, is both disturbing and illustrative.

In the report, which has received only scant media attention, the ombudsman found that CIA "analysts appeared reluctant to have their analysis on China brought forward because they tend to disagree with the [Trump] administration’s policies, saying in effect, ‘I don’t want our intelligence used to support those policies.’"

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

In other words, in the run-up to an election, some wanted to focus negative attention from the pandemic on Trump, rather than on a foreign adversary.

The CIA is the world’s premier spy agency. Its reach is unmatched, its ability to acquire information unrivaled. And yet here we are three-and-a-half years later and there is ample public reporting that the CIA just doesn’t have enough information to make an assessment. This is utter nonsense.

The real problem is, the only assessment the agency could make – which is that a virus that killed over a million Americans originated in a CCP-controlled lab whose research included work for the Chinese military – has enormous geopolitical implications that the Biden administration does not want to face head-on. It seems that no offense or incursion merits a confrontation, whether it's a virus being shipped to our shores, a spy balloon traversing our skies, Chinese fentanyl flooding across our borders, or perhaps one day the Chinese military seizing Taiwan.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Famously etched into the marble wall in the lobby of the CIA’s headquarters are the words of John 8:32: "And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free."

The American people deserve the truth – and we do know the truth – regarding the origins of COVID-19. This is the only way to rebuild trust and muster the public will to confront the national security challenge of our time: a reckless and belligerent Chinese Communist Party hellbent on imposing its oppressive, authoritarian values on the world.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE FROM JOHN RATCLIFFE

CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM CLIFF SIMS

Cliff Sims served as deputy director of national intelligence for strategy and communications, 2020-21.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

The goal of "fair housing" would seem to be quite straightforward. As spelled out in the Fair Housing Act of 1968 — and found in realtors’ offices across the country — it precludes "discrimination in the sale, rental and financing of dwellings … based on race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including gender identity and sexual orientation), familial status, and disability." In other words, those who can afford to rent or buy should not be precluded from doing so for reasons having nothing to do with the ability to pay.

But for the Biden administration’s Department of Housing and Urban Development, fair housing is more — much more. In proposed regulations that would touch any jurisdiction that accepts any sort of HUD funding, fair housing must mean a plan to "promote equity in their communities, decrease segregation, and increase access to opportunity and community assets for people of color and other underserved communities."

Translated that means that the route to upward mobility for disadvantaged minorities lies through their relocation to more affluent communities, where they will no longer be "underserved."

IRS ACCUSED OF USING 'RACIAL EQUITY' FOR AUDITS TARGETING WHITE, ASIAN TAXPAYERS

The details as to how this should be done run more than 200 pages. Those required to comply will include more than 1,200 cities and counties receiving HUD funding. All will be required to develop "equity plans."

Such equity could mean anything from building low-income housing to redrawing school district lines for racial or socio-economic integration, all as assessed by the HUD bureaucracy.

Both those concerned about the best routes to upward mobility for the poor and those concerned about administrative state overreach have reasons to be dubious.

Opposition to the "affirmatively furthering fair housing" (AFFH) regulations will undoubtedly be labeled as racist defense of White suburbs. That is certainly how Donald Trump’s 2020 decision to suspend a previous Obama-era version of the rules was characterized. As CNN Business put it then, Trump was merely protecting neighborhoods with "higher-than-average shares of white households" from low-income housing.

It has of late been a liberal mantra that children’s future should not be determined by the ZIP Code where they grow up — and the HUD plan is meant to disperse low-income households where they are presumed to benefit from better schools and parks, which presumably city governments are inherently incapable of providing.

The underlying social science rationale, cited by HUD, is that of Harvard economists Raj Chetty and Lawrence Katz, who examined data in a 1990s HUD program called Moving to Opportunity — in which a small number of low-income households were relocated to higher-income areas.

As per HUD’s summary, "Children who move to low-poverty neighborhoods have increased academic achievement, greater long-term chances of success, and less intergenerational poverty."

Yet the actual Harvard study is far more nuanced, although it finds that "every extra year of childhood spent in a low-poverty environment appears to be beneficial," it also notes that "for older children (those between ages 13-18), we find that moving to a lower-poverty neighborhood has a statistically insignificant or slightly negative effect." It is hard to imagine a government effort that would limit participation for households based on the age of their children.

More broadly, however, HUD fails to acknowledge that sustained upward mobility is based on the constructive life decisions made at the family level — including marriage and employment. These are the building blocks of the economic gains that enable moves to better neighborhoods. It is such moves that must be protected by enforcement of anti-discrimination law.

The details as to how this should be done run more than 200 pages. Those required to comply will include more than 1,200 cities and counties receiving HUD funding. All will be required to develop "equity plans."

Historically, it was the federal government, specifically the Federal Housing Administration, which engaged in racial discrimination by refusing to guarantee mortgages in racially changing neighborhoods.

HUD would bring us to a new era of color consciousness in housing policy, in the name of "equity" — comparable life outcomes for those making distinct life choices.

Don’t be surprised if those objecting include the suburban African-American middle class, which has worked hard and played by the rules. Their concern was captured in a recent New York Times article about "black flight" from racially integrated Shaker Heights, Ohio. It quoted a Black library staffer who said, "There’s a group of African Americans that have achieved and have it together. And then there’s the group that’s still caught in not having achieved. … And I come from the mind-set: Separate yourselves at all costs from the ones who might still be struggling."

Suburbs do need a great variety of non-single family housing types. But they should not be coerced by Washington to build new low-income housing projects.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

Then there’s what can be seen as the constitutional question raised by the AFFH regulations. HUD’s lengthy proposal is based on the thinnest of reeds in the 1968 Fair Housing Law, which, following its main anti-discrimination language, goes on direct other Federal agencies "to administer their programs … relating to housing and urban development … in a manner affirmatively to further" the policies of the act.

It is into that small lane that HUD drives its big, regulatory truck, with communities across the country in its path. HUD defines equity as "access to high quality schools, equitable employment opportunities, reliable transportation services, parks and recreation facilities, community centers, community-based supportive services, law enforcement and emergency services, healthcare services, grocery stores, retail establishments, infrastructure and municipal services, libraries, and banking and financial institutions."

As those aware of the Supreme Court’s decision to overturn the EPA’s Clean Power plan know well, the court is increasingly aware of regulatory requirements that go beyond legislative intent.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Local jurisdictions receiving HUD funds would seem to have grounds to sue to block the proposed rule, which would impose new requirements to receive previously accepted funds continent and new requirements. In 2012, the court overturned the portion of the Affordable Care Act requiring states to expand Medicaid for that reason. Justices Elena Kagan and Stephen Breyer concurred.

Racial discrimination in housing is pernicious. For Washington to invoke it to socially engineer neighborhoods across America is dangerous.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

Editor’s note: During World War II in Haarlem, Holland, Corrie ten Boom and her family (father Casper, sisters Betsie and Nollie, brother Willem) actively hid Jews and Dutch boys whom SS soldiers were snatching off the street to be sent to work in German factories. They also became involved with the Dutch Resistance and were eventually caught and sent to concentration camps. The following is an excerpt from "THE WATCHMAKER'S DAUGHTER: The True Story of World War II Heroine Corrie ten Boom."

After the war Corrie received invitations to speak all over the United States. For several months she gave her testimony at churches, prisons, universities, schools, and clubs. As 1945 drew to a close, though, she felt called to return to Europe. Again and again, her mind returned to what Betsie had said at Ravensbrück⸻that they would have to minister in Germany itself.

"Corrie, there is so much bitterness," Betsie had said. "This concentration camp here at Ravensbrück has been used to destroy many, many lives. There are many other such camps throughout Germany. After the war they will not have use for them anymore. I have prayed that the Lord will give us one in Germany. We will use it to build up lives."

Corrie had found the idea repulsive at the time. Never again did she want to step foot in Germany. But Betsie’s words echoed in her mind: "The Germans are the most wounded of all the people in the world."

HOW THIS HOLOCAUST HEROINE SAVED 100 JEWISH BABIES DESTINED FOR DEATH

Corrie considered the state of Germany: the land lay in ruins and rubble, countless husbands, fathers, and brothers were gone, and some nine million people were homeless.

She would go.

Speaking opportunities came easily in Germany, and one day she received an invitation to speak to a hundred families living in an abandoned factory. Sheets and blankets had been hung to create makeshift rooms, but the cry of a baby or outburst of a resident resounded throughout the building. All around Corrie could see nothing but misery and desperation. How could she minister to these people? She had her own life now, traveling and speaking, but the needs here burdened her.

If she wanted to have a meaningful impact, she realized, there was only one way.

She would have to live with them.

And so Corrie moved into the factory, sharing the Germans’ plight and bearing their burdens. For months she loved, comforted, and cared for them, asking nothing in return.

One day a director of a relief organization visited Corrie at the factory. He had heard about her work, he said, and perhaps there was yet another avenue for her special ministry. "We’ve located a place for the work. It was a former concentration camp that’s just been released by the government."

Corrie was floored. Another piece of Betsie’s vision come true. She went with the man to Darmstadt, a dilapidated former concentration camp, and walked between the barbed wire to the gray buildings. It was too familiar.

Inside a barrack, Corrie decided it would all have to be transformed.

HOLOCAUST SURVIVOR SHLOMO PEREL, THE INSPIRATION FOR AN INTERNATIONALLY RENOWNED FILM, DIES AT 98

"Window boxes. We’ll have them at every window. ... Green paint. Bright yellow-green, the color of things coming up new in the spring."

And so in 1946, one year removed from her own incarceration in a camp like this, Corrie opened the Darmstadt facility to mirror what the Bloemendaal home had become in Holland. With the extra space, though, Darmstadt could house one hundred sixty residents. Soon the facility reached capacity and had a waiting list. The German Lutheran Church agreed to help with administration, and another group, the Lutheran Sisterhood of Mary, assisted with women and children residents. Corrie continued to speak to raise money for Darmstadt, and soon pastors and members of various churches began building homes around it. Corrie now had three havens of healing.

In early 1947 Corrie spoke at a church in Munich, the town where Adolf Hitler had begun his political career with the ill-fated "Beer Hall Putsch." When she finished, a man worked his way through the crowd to speak with her. Balding and heavyset, he wore an overcoat and carried a brown felt hat. As he stepped closer, though, Corrie instead saw a blue uniform, cap with skull and crossbones, and a swinging leather crop.

Her stomach churned. It was him all right⸻the first SS guard she had seen in the Ravensbrück shower room. The undressing and nakedness, the pile of clothes, the leering and mocking men, Betsie’s ashen face. Of all the sadistic camp guards, he was one of the most cruel.

"How grateful I am for your message, Fraulein," the man said. "To think that, as you say, He has washed my sins away!"

He held out his hand but Corrie didn’t reciprocate. How could she touch this vermin?

"You mentioned Ravensbrück in your talk," he continued. "I was a guard there. But since that time I have become a Christian. I know that God has forgiven me for the cruel things I did there, but I would like to hear it from your lips as well."

He extended his hand again. "Fraulein, will you forgive me?"

Corrie wrestled with her bitterness. This man represented the worst of the place that had taken Betsie’s life. Forgiveness seemed impossible.

WEST VIRGINIA BILL WOULD REQUIRE HOLOCAUST EDUCATION IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS

At the same time, though, she remembered Jesus’s admonition: "If you do not forgive men their trespasses, neither will your Father in heaven forgive your trespasses." She had preached the importance of forgiveness the last twelve months, and she had seen first-hand at Bloemendaal and Darmstadt the practical impact: those who were able to forgive their former enemies resumed their lives, while those who could not remained emotional invalids.

Corrie tried to smile, but she felt not the slightest spark of warmth or charity. Quickly, she said a silent prayer: "Jesus, help me! I can lift my hand. I can do that much. You supply the feeling."

Mechanically, she lifted her arm. As she gripped the man’s hand, something remarkable happened: a current of energy passed between them, and a healing warmth flooded her body. More than forgiveness, Corrie suddenly felt a genuine love for this man.

Her eyes filled with tears. "I forgive you, brother! With all my heart."

For several moments she held his hand. "I had never known God’s love so intensely as I did then," she later remembered.

This lesson she would not soon forget: one often cannot forgive without the power and grace of God.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

Wednesday, the Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic will hold its first public hearing in the U.S. House of Representatives under the new Republican Majority.

The hearing will examine a question that has crossed the minds of millions of Americans over the past three years: how did the COVID-19 pandemic begin?

As the Democratic members of this Select Subcommittee, we take seriously the charge of understanding the root cause of a pandemic that has taken such a significant toll on all of our communities.

HOUSE IGNORES WHITE HOUSE OBJECTIONS, VOTES TO END COVID HEALTH EMERGENCY

Understanding how this virus came to be will inform our ability to quickly identify and contain rapidly spreading future viruses before they reach the stage of a global pandemic.

It is because this question is so crucial that we are left wondering whether a politically motivated congressional investigation driven by some of our most extreme Republican colleagues may undermine the critical effort of learning from this pandemic to prevent the next one.

As the work of the expert communities to understand the origins of the COVID-19 pandemic continues, it is more important than ever that the issue remain evidence-based and free from politicization, partisan rhetoric, and conspiratorial accusations.

Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, experts and researchers in the scientific and intelligence communities have worked tirelessly to better understand how the virus came to be.

Dozens of scientific studies have been performed or are currently underway to advance our understanding of the origins of the COVID-19 pandemic.

And at President Biden’s direction, the intelligence community has taken sweeping action to get to the bottom of the virus’s origins—an endeavor that has been undermined by the Chinese Communist Party’s lack of transparency and cooperation.

As the work of the expert communities to understand the origins of the COVID-19 pandemic continues, it is more important than ever that the issue remain evidence-based and free from politicization, partisan rhetoric, and conspiratorial accusations that seek to vilify our nation’s public health officials.

Any fact-finding endeavor that falls short of this standard would be public health malpractice.

It is our hope that Wednesday’s hearing and the Select Subcommittee’s investigation will not be used as a ploy to score political points by maligning our public health experts—who worked tirelessly throughout the pandemic to minimize harm and save lives. This would only hinder our nation’s continued recovery from this pandemic and hamstring our ability to respond to public health threats like it in the future.

We are already on a dangerous path of extremism, and now is the time to course correct—not add fuel to the fire.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

The spread of misinformation throughout the pandemic has already driven a decline in public trust in our nation’s scientists and experts.

Now more than ever, we must double down on our commitment to scientific integrity and put the needs of the American people above political theater.

In fact, according to a Pew Research survey conducted last year, only 29 percent of American adults say they have "a great deal of confidence" in medical scientists. This is an all-time low, even for pre-pandemic levels, and undermines our ability to prevent and respond to future public health crises.

Now more than ever, we must double down on our commitment to scientific integrity and put the needs of the American people above political theater.

That is the approach that we, the Democrats on this Select Subcommittee, intend to take.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

We will pursue responsible oversight of our nation’s pandemic response to ensure we are better prepared for the next public health crisis. We will work to build a resilient public health infrastructure that has the best interests of our children, families, seniors, and economy in mind. And above all else, we will strive to put people over politics and protect our nation’s health both now and in the future.

So on Wednesday, ahead of our first hearing, we call on our Republican colleagues to join us in this work, reject extreme partisan rhetoric, discard conspiracy theories, and work together to save lives. The American people deserve nothing less.

Democrat Jamie Raskin represents Maryland's 8th Congressional District in the U.S. House of Representatives. He serves as Ranking Member of the House Committee on Oversight and Accountability and on the Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic.

Democrat Debbie Dingell represents Michigan's Sixth Congressional District in the U.S. House of Representatives. She serves on Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic.

Democrat Kweisi Mfume represents Maryland's Seventh congressional district in the U.S. House of Representatives. He serves on the Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic.

Democrat Deborah Ross represents North Carolina's Second Congressional District in the U.S. House of Representatives. She serves on the Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic.

Democrat Robert Garcia represents California's 42nd Congressional District in the U.S. House of Representatives. He serves as a member of the Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic.

Democrat Ami Bera, M.D., represents California's Sixth Congressional District in the U.S. House of Representatives. He serves as a member of the Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic.

Democrat Jill Tokuda represents Hawaii's Second Congressional District in the United States House of Representatives. She serves on the Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

One of the hallmarks of people who are telling the truth, in case you were wondering how to tell the difference, is that people who are telling the truth are calm. You don't wave their hands around and make wild accusations. They don't need to do that. It's enough to say what they know and if honest people turn out to be wrong about something they have claimed, they'll admit it. They don't double down on false. They made a mistake and that's okay. It's not like they're claiming to be God.

Liars behave differently. Liars are touchy, sometimes to the point of hysteria. They're hiding something. That's the whole point of lying and they're worried you're going to find out what it is. Liars are fragile because over time, lying makes you weak and afraid and has the same effect on countries by the way.

We're living through one of those clarifying moments. Actually, we're thankful for it, where we're learning exactly who the liars are. On Monday, we showed you unreleased videotape from January 6. It proved, that tape proved, that three of the most important claims our leaders have made about that day were untrue. Their claims were lies. We were not shocked to discover that. We knew there was a reason that congressional leaders had been hiding the tape and that reporters in Washington weren't demanding to see it. They were lying to us obviously. That's why you hide things.

But what was actually surprising, what we can't quite get over even now, is how they responded when they were caught lying. They didn't seem embarrassed. They didn't apologize. They weren't even curious to learn more about what actually happened on January 6 . Let's see the tape. No, they don't want to see it. They exploded in rage. And then as liars tend to do, they doubled down.

TUCKER CARLSON RELEASES EXCLUSIVE JAN. 6 FOOTAGE, SAYS POLITICIANS, MEDIA LIED ABOUT SICKNICK, 'QANON SHAMAN'

They told the same lies they'd been caught telling, but with even greater aggression this time. Shut up. It's midnight, they said, as the sun rose behind them. Who acts like that? Well, sociopaths do and in this case, the sociopaths turned out to be both Democrats and Republicans. The commitment to lying in Washington is far deeper and more bipartisan even than we realize, and we follow this stuff for a living.

Now, you sometimes hear people say that the whole partisan system is an illusion and that underneath the manufactured debates, the leaders on both sides are, in fact, secretly united in a common love of money and power and the deception required to get them. And honestly, we can never really bring ourselves to believe that. It's just too dark. But now we do believe it because we have seen it.

Consider the death of police officer Brian Sicknick . Now, we still don't know exactly how Officer Sicknick died. We're not certain that anyone does know. No one has explained it, but after reviewing the previously withheld video evidence, we can tell you with certainty that Officer Sicknick was not beaten to death by Trump voters at the Capitol.

The tape shows very clearly Brian Sicknick walking through the building in apparent health after the media told us for two years that he had been murdered. So, they were wrong about that. Ok. They got caught. Here's the interesting thing. They won't admit it. Liz Cheney's tweet is still on Twitter tonight. "Officer Sicknick was killed defending our Capitol from the violent mob on January 6." No correction. Anderson Cooper of CNN still has not apologized "Officer Brian Sicknick died after being hit the head with a fire extinguisher during the fight," he told us. Those are lies. Why not just admit it and move on? They won't.

In fact, this week, the White House trotted out both the press secretary and Joe Biden's attorney general, the attorney general of the United States, to claim not just that Brian Sicknick was actually murdered by Republicans at the Capitol, but that other officers were murdered, too. It's almost beyond belief. Watch this.

KARINE JEAN-PIERRE: The wide range of bipartisan lawmakers, you heard them all yesterday, you guys reported on it, who have condemned this false depiction of the unprecedented violent attack on upon our Constitution and the rule of law, which cost police officers their lives.

MERRICK GARLAND: It was a violent attack on a fundamental tenet of American democracy, that power is peacefully transferred from one administration to another. Over 100 officers were assaulted on that day. Five officers died.

"Five officers died on that day." Now, that's just not some guy on Twitter. That's the attorney general of the United States. That's a man whose honesty is central to his job. If you had a choice between IQ and integrity in an attorney general, of course you go with integrity because it's essential, but Joe Biden's attorney general, Merrick Garland, is a liar. He just lied about something that is provably false. Who are these five officers who were "killed that day"?

Notice he didn't tell you. No one ever tells you. No one ever shows you their autopsies. They don't want any detail. They just want the slogan. Now they're counting Brian Sicknick. That's a lie. But who are the other four? Well, those are four officers who killed themselves after January 6, in some cases long after January 6. But their suicides, we know for a fact, were the result of the Republican mob at the Capitol. It's just false, and it's not some esoteric fact.

HOUSE REPUBLICANS PLANNING TO VISIT JAN. 6 DEFENDANTS IN DC JAIL

That fact is available to anyone who has internet access. No police officers died that day on January 6, none, not one. Some were assaulted. That is true and their assaults are indefensible. How many were assaulted? Garland said over 100. The Government Accountability Office says the number is 114, and we're just going to roll with that. We don't know if it's true, but we'll take it at face value and that is bad. We are opposed to assaulting police officers in any context. We said that on January 6, 2021. We'll say it again. We're against that.

But is January 6 the worst assault on the U.S. government since the Civil War? That's insane. It's not even close. How about March of 1954, when Puerto Rican separatists shot five congressmen in the Capitol building – five members of Congress shot in the building. It's all bad, but the worst since the Civil War? You’re just a flat-out liar if you're saying that.

More recently, this is an event we all remember, Antifa descended on Washington, D.C to force the sitting president from office. But it was Trump, so that's cool, and why they were there. They set a historic Christian church on fire, St. John’s in Lafayette Square. Do you remember that? You should, because it happened Labor Day weekend less than three years ago and when that happened, the left-wing mayor of Washington, D.C. refused to allow her police department, the MPD, to assist Secret Service agents while they were under siege and getting beaten. No, she made her cops stand back and watch it happen, and they were very upset about it at the time. You may have forgotten that. Here's what it looks like.

REPORTER: I believe there are several fires raging now down this street and this is what you hate to see. There are people throwing fireworks and who knows what else. They just set fire to St. John's Church.

Burning a church across from the White House. Those are the George Floyd riots. What was the toll there? Now, we're not going to guess. We're going to go again right to the government, according to a recently released jail report last month. During those attacks, the 2020 attack on the White House by left wing mobs, "Federal Protective Services, the Secret Service and the Park Police reported that at least 180 officers were injured during the demonstrations, including concussions, lacerations, exposure to chemical gas and severe burning."

So, while stipulating that all riots are bad because precision matters, facts matter, the truth matters, here's the truth: More cops were injured by Kamala Harris's favorite mob, BLM, at the White House than were injured by Trump voters at the Capitol on January 6, a lot more. So, again, to be clear, both events are bad, but here's the key. We only remember one of them. Why? Because the people in charge of history are liars - liars, And lying is bad and on a national scale, it's deadly. It's corrosive of everything that is good in the country, including trust and your grasp on reality itself and that's what they try to make.

MILITARY VET CONVICTED OF STORMING THE US CAPITOL

You lie. Men can become women. Climate change is an existential threat, or whatever the lie is they're making you tell, they don't believe it. They know you don't believe it, but by forcing you to repeatedly degrade and control you, they make you less of a person. They also hurt individuals. We told you Monday about Navy veteran Jacob Chansley. He was tried by the media, convicted of being a domestic terrorist and sentenced to four years in prison. What exactly was Jacob Chansley's crime? Well, no one's ever very precise about that. Here's what the media told you.

ABC: It was in his horned helmet, fur pelts and face paint, Jacob Chansley became known as the QAnon shaman, but prosecutors called him the most prominent symbol of a violent insurrection.

CNN: He's been in jail since January and he's trying to get out, but prosecutors say he is still too dangerous to release.

MSNBC: Make no mistake, Chansley is a stone-cold thug.

CBS: Oh, he kept saying, you know, "I'm not violent, I'm peaceful, I'm a shaman," but then you put those images, what you were just talking about, you put those images together, and that isn't an image of, you know, of peace. This is the new face of extremism.

"It's the new face of extremism. Jacob Chansley is the new face of extreme extremism. He's a stone-cold thug. Prosecutors say he is too dangerous to release." And most people believe that because why wouldn't they? They were told it and there was no evidence to the contrary and now there is evidence to the contrary. We brought it here, Monday. The video that we reviewed at great length over three weeks showed with precision what Jacob Chansley actually did inside the Capitol and here's what it looks like once again.

TUCKER CARLSON: Here's video of Chansley in the Senate chamber. Capitol police officers take him to multiple entrances and even try to open locked doors for him. We counted at least nine officers who were within touching distance of unarmed Jacob Chansley. Not one of them even tried to slow him down. Chansley understood that Capitol Police were his allies. Video shows him giving thanks for them in a prayer on the floor of the Senate. Watch.

ELON MUSK TORCHES HOUSE JAN. 6 COMMITTEE FOR 'MISLEADING THE PUBLIC,' WITHHOLDING EVIDENCE: 'DEEPLY WRONG'

JACOB CHANSLEY, "QANON SHAMAN": Thank you, Heavenly Father for taking the inspiration needed to these police officers to let us into the building.

Contrast the reality of what Jacob Chansley did in the Capitol building on January 6, the indisputable facts recorded on video, some of which has never before been seen, with the depiction of Jacob Chansley that you've seen in the media for more than two years. He's a terrorist, they said, he should be killed.

STEVE SCHMIDT: Shoot him. Shoot him. Like is it you burst into the United States, if he was dressed like bin Laden, would they have shot him?

CARLSON: "Shoot him, Shoot him." It makes you wonder who are the violent extremists here? So, as you saw and again, details matter because this is a man, this is an American citizen, a Navy veteran. This is a human being and so what he actually did should be of deep concern to every American because he's in jail tonight. What Jacob Chansley actually did was wander peacefully through the Capitol, shepherded by Capitol police officers who literally opened doors for him. When one was locked, they went to another.

Dozens of officers stood and watched him. All of them had guns. Jacob Chansley did not. They never told Jacob Chansley to get out. The head of the Capitol Police today said we he was just trying to calm the situation. It was already calm. He was the only protester in the frame. They could have let him outside. They didn't. They helped him. We're not going to speculate as to why. We don't know why. All we know is what we see on the tape and no one disputes it. We didn't cherry-pick it. We didn't make it up.

Once inside the Senate chamber, as we told you, Chansley said a prayer, thanking God for the kindness of Capitol Hill police and good for him. They were kind. This was not a domestic terrorist and that matters, but what matters even more is the videos that we showed you after 26 months were not shown to Jacob Chansley's attorneys. That's a violation of the Constitution. and he's in jail because of it, because the liars on the January 6 Committee and the prosecutors who did their bidding and that means Bennie Thompson and that means Adam Schiff. It means Liz Cheney. These people have this man's life on their hands.

KEVIN MCCARTHY AND HAKEEM JEFFRIES DEMAND ANSWERS ON 'SIGNIFICANT' DATA BREACH AFFECTING MEMBERS AND STAFF

They helped withhold these videos from Jacob Chansley's attorneys and that means the judge who sentenced Jacob Chansley, Royce Lamberth, never saw them either and therefore...Judge Lamberth was able to say that what Chansley did was "horrific." He apparently had no idea that Chansley was wandering around with the cops, walking through doors they opened and saying prayers for them. We're quoting: "you made yourself the center of the riot," said the judge. Really? He accused Chansley of "obstructing the functioning of government."

That's not at all what was happening. He was ambling through the Capitol, flanked at all times, by armed cops were directing his movement. Meanwhile, prosecutors of the DOJ, the real villains here, falsely, they lied in court and said that Chansley was "leading the charge into the Capitol on January 6." They said he was, "the flag bearer for the mob," apparently because he had a flag. He was alone and of course, the media picked up on this and amplified it as the DOJ intended.

Fortune Magazine disgraced itself by comparing the man you just saw to ISIS. They said Chansley had "the zeal to possibly kidnap or kill officials." These aren't just lies. These are lies that destroyed a man. So, no matter who you voted for in the last election, you could probably agree that sending someone to prison for four years on the basis of fabricated evidence is the most serious threat to civil liberties we could possibly face.

And yet, here's the thing: Leaders in both parties, the party that Chansley voted against and the party he voted for, have said nothing, not one word about the implications of this videotape, the implications not just for Chansley, but for our Constitution and our country going forward.

Instead, oh, how dare you show this? What is clearly exculpatory evidence! Again, it's not just Chuck Schumer, it's Republican senators Kevin Cramer, Mike Rounds, Chuck Grassley, John Thune, Lindsey Graham, of course, Congressman Dan Crenshaw, needless to say, Kelly Armstrong, all went after us. We're not whining about that. We don't care, actually, but it just tells you everything about the way things actually work. They're not loyal to their voters. They are loyal to each other, and they're willing to lie, really lie and crush people. Mitch McConnell, Thom Tillis and BLM superfan Mitt Romney, all weak men – and like all weak men, vicious men – were especially angry. Watch.

TUCKER CARLSON TALKS EXCLUSIVELY WITH KEY CAPITOL POLICE OFFICER IGNORED BY JAN. 6 PANEL AMID FOOTAGE RELEASE

MITCH MCCONNELL: It was a mistake, in my view, for Fox News to depict this in a way that's completely at variance with what our chief law enforcement official here in the capital thinks.

THOM TILLIS: I think it's bull----. When you see police barricades breached, when you see police officers assaulted, all of that, or you had to be in close proximity to it, if you were just a tourist, you should have probably lined up at the visitor center and came in on an orderly basis. I just don't think it's helpful.

MITT ROMNEY: It's really sad to see Tucker Carlson go off the rails that bad. The American people saw what happened on January 6. They've seen the people that got injured. They saw the damage to the building. You can't hide the truth by selectively picking a few minutes out of tapes and saying this is what went on. It's so absurd.

Weak men are vicious men, and these are weak men whose attitudes towards an individual whose life has been destroyed on the basis of false and withheld evidence is vicious. Oh, we cherrypicked? Really? What they're saying, ironically, what they're describing, ironically, is exactly what the January 6 Committee and the prosecutors in these cases did for two years. They selectively picked small segments of tape to convince Americans that January 6 was something that it wasn't.

It was awful. We would not defend that. We hate vandalism. We hate assault. Was it a violent insurrection? It was not. Was it a killing of five officers in the Capitol? It was not. Those are lies, and they buried tape that contradicted and revealed those lies.

So, all we did was play the tape that they had been hiding for 26 months and show that there were American citizens, Jacob Chansley specifically, and others who civil liberties were annihilated, and you can make your own rational judgments about what that means. Do you want to live in a country where that's possible? They don't care. Neither party in Washington cares.

In fact, the leader of the Senate Democrats, Chuck Schumer, just joined the leader of the Senate Republicans, Mitch McConnell, in calling for this show to be pulled off the air. Now, that's not an argument based on logic. It's based on hysteria and the shame you feel as a weak and terrified person when your lies are exposed. Here's Chuck Schumer claiming for the first time that, like Sandy Cortez, he himself nearly died on January 6.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

CHUCK SCHUMER: Tucker Carlson ran a lengthy segment last night arguing the January 6 Capitol attack was not, not, a violent insurrection, an attempt to rewrite history and erode the very foundation of our precious and sometimes fragile democracy. So, yes, this morning I am furious. Millions of Americans are furious. I was here on January 6. Many of you saw the footage as I ran for my life coming within a few feet of these criminals.

We invited Schumer on, McConnell, anybody is always welcome to come on our show. If we got something wrong, tell us how. If you think we altered the tape in some way, tell us how.

But they won't, nor will they answer the most basic question, which is: why should a non, demonstrably nonviolent man, who literally said a prayer of Thanksgiving for police officers on the Senate floor, how was that man ISIS? How was he a domestic terrorist? How is he a threat to the republic? Why is he in jail for four years? Shut up. Pull that show off the air.

They won't answer any questions, but we have a question, which is: How, in a free country guided by the Constitution, were these people allowed to withhold evidence from Jacob Chansley's lawyer? How could that happen?NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

As I have stressed in the past, I don't care if someone is straight, gay, trans, female, male, black, white, brown, liberal or conservative. If that person is the best candidate for the job, they should get it. Period.

That said, while I am strongly against discrimination of any kind – and oh, by the way to those on the left, that includes blatant discrimination against conservatives and people of traditional faith – I am also against putting "identity politics" above real-world qualifications and experience when it comes to the hiring for certain positions. Most especially those where the lives of human beings are literally at stake.

Shockingly, it is exactly those professions where some on the left are trying to make identity politics the determining qualification for being hired. As was reported by this site and others, newly elected Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass has stated that she is determined to remove "obstacles" for police recruits who fail to initially qualify for training as a means of further diversifying the Los Angeles Police Department.

LA PROSECUTOR IN HANNAH TUBBS CASE SLAMS SUSPENSION, GASCON: 'PUNISHED FOR HURTING CHILD MOLESTER'S FEELINGS'

In response, Tom Saggau, spokesperson for the Los Angeles Police Protective League (LAPPL) told Fox News Digital in part: "We think that particular provision or that goal or that idea is dangerous. … If you have police officers that can't make minimum qualifications or attained minimum standards, for instance, there are recruits that have been in the academy that just can't score the minimum requirements for a physical fitness test. … One hundred is the maximum score, 50 is acceptable. There are folks that are scoring under 10. That's just dangerous."

Dangerous indeed, if those clearly unqualified recruits are forced through the system and then find themselves in life-or-death situations. Suddenly, their life may be at risk, the life of their partner, or a civilian they are seeking to protect.

This, on top of the left's movement to "defund" the police forces of many of our most crime-ridden cities.

Unfortunately, "defunding" the police is not enough for some far-left politicians. Going back to Bass, while calling for the watering down of the qualifications needed to become a police officer in that failing city, she also pledged to root out officers with ties to "right-wing domestic extremist organizations."

OK.

Naturally, it is those on the left in politics and alarmingly even some in our own Department of Justice, who now define "right-wing domestic extremist organizations." Will that list soon include your local church, the Boy Scouts of America, or the mailing list for Hobby Lobby?

Attempts to "lower the standards" in the name of the identity politics movement are now taking place in New York, Baltimore, Philadelphia, and a number of other cities. And not just in the police department. But also in fire departments, hospitals and the greater medical community.

This movement has also spread across our military. I recently spoke with two flag officers who warned that it was becoming a dangerous trend which potentially puts our national security at risk. As these military officers stressed, from the bridges of our warships to the cockpits of our military aircraft, job one of many on the left – and especially within the Biden administration – seems to be to fill those positions via identity politics instead of qualifications.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

Again, positions where either lives are at stake or our nation's national security is at risk.

Unfortunately, "defunding" the police is not enough for some far-left politicians. Going back to Bass, while calling for the watering down of the qualifications needed to become a police officer in that failing city, she also pledged to root out officers with ties to "right-wing domestic extremist organizations."

This trend is also taking firm hold among certain airlines in both the United States and the European Union. Pilots should be hired and then put on the flight deck based only upon their superior qualifications.

By the same token, candidates who do prove themselves highly qualified but don't happen to check the correct "identity politics" box at the time should not be overlooked, or in reality, discriminated against. Only the best should be in positions where the lives of others are at stake.

To reiterate, if that person who is clearly the best of the best happens to be Black, White, brown, gay, straight, trans, female, male, liberal, conservative, of any faith, or no faith … give them the job. She or he has earned it.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Perilously, the Planet "Woke" seems to be getting more divorced from common sense and pragmatic thinking with each passing day. Counterintuitively to be sure when you stop to realize that those pushing identity politics over qualifications must fly occasionally. Or may find themselves in the need of a police officer, a firefighter or a doctor.

Don't they want those pilots, police officers, firefighters and doctors to be the most-qualified possible?

Surreal times.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

The Biden administration recently introduced another leg in the stool of its plan to lower prescription drug costs, while the Department of Health and Human Services recently announced timelines for the government to begin negotiating drug costs on consumers’ behalf. According to the new administrative guidance, HHS will start talking with "high-cost" manufacturers in September and setting prices on what it deems to be problem drugs the following year. This news follows President Biden’s signing of the Inflation Reduction Act, which states that Medicare can negotiate the price of certain drugs that don’t face generic competition.

Biden is right — the cost of drugs in America is far too high; in fact, they are over 2.5 times the cost of those seen in 32 other nations. And the president’s commitment to addressing this crisis is commendable. However, giving the government more power won’t solve this problem when the concentration of power in the hands of too few is what triggered this crisis in the first place.

While it may be easy to point fingers at "big, greedy drugmakers" that don’t face generic competition as the answer to America’s healthcare affordability woes, the problem is far more complicated than that, and muscling through a big-government solution that pretends it is will make things worse, not better.

It’s true that bringing generics to market is helpful to a certain extent, and the Federal Drug Administration’s slow approval of said drugs (which can often take years) is one of the many reasons that over 500 brand-name drugs don't face any competition. That’s certainly not helpful for Americans’ pocketbooks, and regulators should address this. But the unfortunate truth is that, in many respects, generic drugmakers are also very much part of the problem.

BIDEN GROWLS AT THE HIGH COSTS OF INSULIN FOR PEOPLE NOT ON MEDICARE

Three drug wholesalers, three of the wealthiest fifteen companies in the country, distribute over 90 percent of the country’s drugs. All three of these companies have paid multi-million-dollar payments to the government to resolve allegations of bad business behavior.

Some are already aware that these three wholesalers own most the pharmacy services administrative organizations (PSAOs), the companies that pharmacies use to negotiate pharmacy network contracts, which gives them nearly unfettered ability to keep drug costs drugs high. But here’s the kicker: while many see generic manufacturers as a solution to the wholesalers’ market dominance, healthcare and judicial experts also believe they make sweetheart deals with these drug distributors to increase their costs.

Nearly every state in the country is investigating this clear antitrust concern, which some state officials have called the largest price-fixing cartel in the history of the United States because it involves more than 300 drugs sold by nearly all the nations’ generic drug manufacturers.

The states argue that the wholesalers benefit when generic drug prices remain higher. As noted in the states’ complaint, their 10-K filings to the Securities and Exchange Commission seem to corroborate that, but so do the hundred-million-dollar settlements some of them have already paid to resolve accusations of price-fixing conspiracies with generic drug manufacturers. And to think that the generics wouldn’t benefit from any deals they may be making with these drug distributors would be naïve at best.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Yet the Biden administration is still governing as if the generic drug industry represents the magic elixir to America’s drug affordability problems. It’s not and pretending as if it does represents the equivalent of trusting The Penguin to defeat The Joker.

Rather than picking winners and losers in the healthcare industry, the White House should direct the attorney general and the courts to investigate the collusion and marketplace concentration problems plaguing the healthcare industry. Facts and legal enforcement are the only things big, objective, and powerful enough to fix this systemic issue. Politics and gut feelings cannot be the solution; they are the very things that got America into this mess.

Now is not the time to concentrate more power into the hands of even fewer; now is the time to let the judicial system break up this unchecked power. It’s the only solution that hasn’t yet to be tried — and it’s the only way the American people will receive true relief.

CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM DR. TOM PRICENEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

In his 1961 farewell address, President Dwight Eisenhower warned of "the acquisition of unwarranted influence… by the military-industrial complex." Eisenhower feared that the size and power of the "complex," or cluster, of government contractors and the Department of Defense would "endanger our liberties or democratic processes." How? Through "domination of the nation's scholars by Federal employment, project allocations, and the power of money." He feared public policy would "become the captive of a scientific-technological elite."

Eisenhower’s fears were well-founded. Today, American taxpayers are unwittingly financing the growth and power of a censorship-industrial complex run by America’s scientific and technological elite, which endangers our liberties and democracy. I am grateful for the opportunity to offer this testimony and sound the alarm over the shocking and disturbing emergence of state-sponsored censorship in the United States of America.

The Twitter Files, state attorneys general lawsuits, and investigative reporters have revealed a large and growing network of government agencies, academic institutions, and nongovernmental organizations that are actively censoring American citizens, often without their knowledge, on a range of issues, including on the origins of COVID, COVID vaccines, emails relating to Hunter Biden’s business dealings, climate change, renewable energy, fossil fuels, and many other issues.

HOUSE JUDICIARY REPUBLICANS REACT AFTER FIERY TWITTER FILES HEARINGS: DEMOCRATS ‘EMBARRASSED THEMSELVES’

I offer some cautions. I do not know how much of the censorship is coordinated beyond what we have been able to document, and I will not speculate. I recognize that the law allows Facebook, Twitter, and other private companies to moderate content on their platforms. And I support the right of governments to communicate with the public, including to dispute inaccurate and misleading information.

The intellectual leaders of the censorship complex have convinced journalists and social media executives that accurate information is disinformation, that valid hypotheses are conspiracy theories and that greater self-censorship results in more accurate reporting.

But government officials have been caught repeatedly pushing social media platforms to censor disfavored users and content. Often, these acts of censorship threaten the legal protection social media companies need to exist, Section 230.

"If government officials are directing or facilitating such censorship," notes George Washington University law professor Jonathan Turley, "it raises serious First Amendment questions. It is axiomatic that the government cannot do indirectly what it is prohibited from doing directly."

Moreover, we know that the U.S. government has funded organizations that pressure advertisers to boycott news media organizations and social media platforms that a) refuse to censor and/or b) spread disinformation, including alleged conspiracy theories. The Stanford Internet Observatory, the University of Washington, the Atlantic Council’s Digital Forensic Research Lab, and Graphika all have inadequately disclosed ties to the Department of Defense, the CIA and other intelligence agencies. They work with multiple U.S. government agencies to institutionalize censorship research and advocacy within dozens of other universities and think tanks.

It is important to understand how these groups function. They are not publicly engaging with their opponents in an open exchange of ideas. They aren’t asking for a national debate over the limits of the First Amendment. Rather, they are creating blacklists of disfavored people and then pressuring, cajoling, and demanding that social media platforms censor, deamplify, and even ban the people on these blacklists.

‘TWITTER FILES’ HEARING ERUPTS AS MATT TAIBBI REFUSES TO REVEAL SOURCES IN HEATED EXCHANGE WITH DEMOCRAT

Who are the censors? They are a familiar type. Overly confident in their ability to discern truth from falsity, good intention from bad intention, the instinct of these hall monitor-types is to complain to the teacher — and, if the teacher doesn’t comply, to go above them, to the principal. Such an approach might work in middle school and many elite universities, but it is anathema to freedom and is an abuse of power.

These organizations and others are also running their own influence operations, often under the guise of "fact-checking." The intellectual leaders of the censorship complex have convinced journalists and social media executives that accurate information is disinformation, that valid hypotheses are conspiracy theories, and that greater self-censorship results in more accurate reporting. In many instances, censorship, such as labeling social media posts, is part of the influence operation aimed at discrediting factual information.

The censorship industrial complex combines established methods of psychological manipulation, some developed by the U.S. Military during the Global War on Terror, with highly sophisticated tools from computer science, including artificial intelligence. The complex’s leaders are driven by the fear that the Internet and social media platforms empower populist, alternative, and fringe personalities and views, which they regard as destabilizing. Federal government officials, agencies, and contractors have gone from fighting ISIS recruiters and Russian bots to censoring and deplatforming ordinary Americans and disfavored public figures.

Importantly, the bar for bringing in military-grade government monitoring and speech-countering techniques has moved from "countering terrorism" to "countering extremism" to countering simple misinformation. The government no longer needs a predicate of calling you a terrorist or extremist to deploy government resources to counter your political activity. The only predicate it needs is simply the assertion that the opinion you expressed on social media is wrong.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

These efforts extend to influencing and even directing conventional news media organizations. Since 1971, when the Washington Post and New York Times elected to publish classified Pentagon papers about the war in Vietnam, journalists understood that we have a professional obligation to report on leaked documents whose contents are in the public interest, even when they had been stolen. And yet, in 2020, the Aspen Institute and Stanford’s Cyber Policy Center urged journalists to "Break the Pentagon Papers principle" and not cover leaked information to prevent the spread of "disinformation."

Government-funded censors frequently invoke the prevention of real-world harm to justify their demands for censorship, but the censors define harm far more expansively than the Supreme Court does. The censors have defined harm so broadly, in fact, that they have justified Facebook censoring accurate information about COVID vaccines, for example, to prevent "vaccine hesitancy." Their goal, clearly, is not protecting the truth but rather persuading the public. That is the purpose of open debate and the free exchange of ideas. Persuasion by covert means is censorship.

And, increasingly, the censors say their goal is to restrict information that "delegitimizes" governmental, industrial, and news media organizations. That mandate is so sweeping that it could easily censor criticism of any part of the status quo from elected officials to institutions to laws. This extreme, reactionary attitude is, bluntly, un-American.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Congress should immediately cut off funding to the censors and investigate their activities. Second, it should mandate instant reporting of all conversations between social media executives, government employees, and contractors concerning content moderation. Third, Congress should limit the broad permission given to social media platforms to censor, deplatform, and spread propaganda.

Whatever Congress does, it is incumbent upon the American people to wake up to the threat of government censorship via behind-the-scenes pressure on media corporations. "Only an alert and knowledgeable citizenry," Eisenhower noted, "can compel the proper meshing of the huge industrial and military machinery of defense with our peaceful methods and goals so that security and liberty may prosper together."

CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM MICHAEL SHELLENBERGERNEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

For at least the last 20 years, politicians in Washington, at the behest of green energy groups, have spent some $100 billion of taxpayer money to fight climate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. How is that going for us so far?

A recent Associated Press story, based on the latest data on global carbon emissions, provides a pretty accurate report card: "Carbon Dioxide Emissions Reached a Record High in 2022."

The article tells us: "Communities around the world emitted more carbon dioxide in 2022 than in any other year on records dating to 1900, a result of air travel rebounding from the pandemic and more cities turning to coal as a low-cost source of power. Emissions of the climate-warming gas that were caused by energy production grew 0.9% to reach 36.8 gigatons in 2022, the International Energy Agency reported Thursday. (The mass of one gigaton is equivalent to about 10,000 fully loaded aircraft carriers, according to NASA.)"

You've got to almost shriek out loud when you read this line: "Thursday's (IEA) report was described as disconcerting by climate scientists."

TED CRUZ LEADS 12 REPUBLICANS IN BLASTING NASA OVER 'HIGHLY POLITICIZED' CLIMATE REGULATION

"Disconcerting"? That's putting it lightly. We are the furthest thing from being climate change alarmists, but when you spend $100 billion of taxpayer money and achieve absolutely nothing, President Joe Biden and his green allies should be arrested for criminal fraud.

Where did all the money go? Tens of billions of dollars have lined the pockets of left-wing environmental and social justice groups that have been emitting a lot of hot air but no results. Green energy companies have milked taxpayers of tens of billions more.

Where did all the money go? Tens of billions of dollars have lined the pockets of left-wing environmental and social justice groups that have been emitting a lot of hot air but no results. Green energy companies have milked taxpayers of tens of billions more, even as wind and solar only produce about 12% of our energy.

Is this the greatest ripoff of U.S. taxpayers in history?

GOING BLACK, NOT GREEN: CURBING US OIL, GAS PRODUCTION WOULD HURT THE ENVIRONMENT, REPORT FINDS

I've often said that I doubt all the doomsday predictions of global warming are accurate, but if they are, we are goners. Because nothing the Left is doing on climate change is making even the tiniest bit of difference, as the new report shows. What it is doing is giving politicians and activists a chance to virtue-signal. Does it even matter to them that none of their schemes are working?

The most obvious flaw in the green strategy is that few, if any, of the big polluters are cooperating despite the assurances from Biden's climate change ambassador John Kerry. For the umpteenth time: The United States is not the problem -- China is. Its pollution levels are three times higher than ours. Soon India will surpass the U.S. in carbon emissions.

Even the top scientists who study climate change admit that without progress from China, nothing America does to reduce emissions will reverse the global trends. The U.S. has reduced our emissions more than any other nation, and the problem continues to get worse. And yet, the rest of the world blames the U.S.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

All we are accomplishing in the Biden war on fossil fuels is kneecapping our own domestic energy industry while the rest of the world consumes more fossil fuels than ever before. Instead of the oil and gas produced in Texas or North Dakota, it's coming from Russia, Iran and OPEC. The energy source that is growing the fastest now is coal.

The only way to combat climate change is not through more command-and-control government action. That never works. The COVID-19 crisis and the incompetent government response should have taught us that lesson. We need more growth and better technology to deal with a changing climate. The leftists want less growth and have even been backing "degrowth." Since when is making America poorer the solution to any problem?

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

In the wake of this epic policy failure, the Democrats aren't backing off. Biden's latest budget calls for $500 billion more for climate change over the next decade. Talk about throwing good money after bad. We shouldn't be too surprised because, as Milton Friedman used to remind us, anytime a government program isn't working, the politicians' response is: "We aren't spending enough money."

If congressional Republicans are smart (a big if), they will not appropriate one penny more for this epic public policy flop. If we want to save our country's future for our children, the first step is to stop adding to our $32 trillion national debt.

CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM STEPHEN MOORE

NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

On Sunday night, as I was doing laundry, I got a text message from a fellow Virginia mother with an interesting invitation: Ben Litchfield, a Democratic Party Virginia Senate candidate from Fredericksburg, was convening a statewide Zoom call of "parents, educations and pro-public school activists" to discuss education issues.

A "mama bear" activist from northern Virginia since June 2020, I thought it was a unique opportunity to brainstorm. A Democrat all my life, I moved to Virginia in December 2008 with my young son, then in kindergarten, only because the state elected Barack Obama to be U.S. president.

Born in India, I am an American Muslim immigrant and single mother, and I thought the state was finally progressive enough for me. With English as my second language when I arrived in the U.S. at the age of 4, I believe in the power of America’s public school system to empower a girl like me to become a reporter for the Wall Street Journal at the age of 23.

That’s why I fight every day to support a public system where teachers are able to spend their time educating my younger self, not indoctrinating kids with divisive, distracting activist agendas.

YOUR CHILDREN BELONG TO YOU, NOT A SCHOOL. IF YOU DON'T FIGHT, YOU'LL LOSE THEM

This time, these activists were hosting a strategy session to develop "a coordinated opposition" to the Youngkin administration’s alleged "attack on public schools, educators, and students."

The designated "Topic" for the call: "VA Dept of Education and Youngkin Town Hall." Thursday night, CNN host Jake Tapper is hosting a town hall meeting with Gov. Glenn Youngkin. I know because I’ve encouraged many parents and students to join the town hall.

When I joined the call, I recognized some names. Cheryl Binkley, a former northern Virginia teachers’ union leader, was guiding introductions. Mariane Burke, the local leader of the national activist group, Indivisible, was online.

I knew them well. They had led a successful hit, organized by the Virginia chapter of a national teachers’ union campaign – #RedForEd – to assassinate the character of a friend, Suparna Dutta, an American Hindu immigrant, with the "White supremacist" smear when Youngkin nominated her to be on the Virginia Board of Education. They won a 22-18 vote, with Democrats casting their ballots unanimously against Dutta.

On the call, another woman introduced herself, and then Binkley, a former Virginia Education Association union official, turned to me. I introduced myself fully: I’m Asra Nomani, and I’m a mother in northern Virginia, and I looked forward to learning from others.

"I think you’re in the wrong meeting," Binkley responded, laughing.

IS PROGRESSIVE FEVER FINALLY BREAKING? 5 SIGNS AMERICANS GETTING FED UP WITH WOKE POLITICIANS AND POLICIES

"No, I’m in the correct meeting," I answered.

While we may have a difference of opinion on a few – OK, many – issues, I thought we could benefit from a much-needed conversation, hearing each other out, at least virtually face-to-face. Binkley had another point of view.

She kicked me out of the meeting, and my only participation was left to my introduction and this note that popped up on my phone: "The host has removed you from this meeting."

The Virginia Democrats’ removal of me – a Muslim immigrant single mother from India and "woman of color," as U.S. Rep. Alexandra Ocasio Cortez once described Rep. Ilhan Omar – symbolizes much more than the ejection of one person. It captures the utter failure of the Democratic National Committee to actually be inclusive to the millions of parents – many of them immigrant minority parents – who refuse its lockstep agenda with the country’s two teachers’ unions – the American Federation of Teachers and the National Education Association.

Even though President Joe Biden won the White House in 2020, Republican Glenn Youngkin won the Virginia governor's race in 2021, over Democratic candidate Terry McAuliffe, who famously sealed his loss with the assertion in a debate that "...I don’t think parents should be telling schools what they should teach."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

The arrogance, political corruption and myopia of Democratic Party officials to parents portends bad news for the Democratic Party in 2024 and good news for Republican candidates. On cue, every Republican presidential candidate, former Gov. Nikki Haley, entrepreneur Vivek Ramaswamy and former President Donald Trump – and those still unannounced, like Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis and Virginia Gov. Youngkin – have made education a key issue on their platform.

Take a bow. That’s the mama bear movement driving issues, not the other way around.

On Twitter the next day, the Democrat loyalists didn’t apologize and acknowledge the error of their ways. One user responded: "Good. You have no business in Virginia education."

But I actually do have business in Virginia education. So does every parent.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Democrats will turn off more parents with their closed-door mentality, and that will drive a wedge issue between traditionally Democratic parents, like Black, Hispanic and Asian parents, and the Democratic Party.

Republicans have embraced a winning agenda item, and they will win the White House if they continue to translate their platforms with policy and legislative answers restoring parents’ rights in America.

CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM ASRA Q. NOMANINEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

It’s hard to believe the Biden administration’s Department of Education would refuse to punish a university for a flagrant violation of Title IX simply because they were confident the victim would prevail in court if they sued. The same would go if a school violated the civil rights of a racial minority or LGBTQ+ student. Everyone would expect the administration to take quick and decisive administrative action without requiring the victim to hire a lawyer and pursue justice in the courts.

So, why should it be any different when an educational institution violates a student’s First Amendment right to freedom of religion? It shouldn’t be, but a recent notice of proposed rulemaking from the Department of Education shows that the Biden administration fails to take threats to religious liberty seriously.

In November 2020, a Department of Education rule went into effect stating that, as a condition of receiving federal funding, "a public institution shall not deny to any student organization whose stated mission is religious in nature and that is at the public institution any right, benefit, or privilege that is otherwise afforded to other student organizations at the public institution… because of the religious student organization's beliefs, practices, policies, speech, membership standards, or leadership standards, which are informed by sincerely held religious beliefs."

That seems in line with the First Amendment, but Assistant Secretary for Postsecondary Education Nassar Paydar says it has "caused confusion" and creates an "unduly burdensome role" for the Department because it must investigate complaints.

GOP SENATORS ACCUSE EDUCATION DEPARTMENT OF ALLOWING ‘TAXPAYER-FUNDED ANTISEMITISM’ ON COLLEGE CAMPUSES

The proposed solution? The Department says your First Amendment rights are robust, so hire a lawyer and pursue a resolution through the courts. Don’t bother them; and maybe the issue will be resolved before you graduate.

Before the Trump administration rulemaking, religious student groups did not have any administrative options. The courts were their only avenue to combat discrimination based on their beliefs.

The rule the Biden administration now wants to repeal changed that.

Today the Department of Education doesn’t have to use the rule for it to be effective. Its mere existence has forced schools to drop their hostility to religious groups on campus out of fear that it might be used.

There are countless examples of university administrators discriminating against religious student groups. No faith or belief system is exempt from hostility.

Some of the worst examples are colleges trying to regulate what student groups can require their leaders to believe. It seems reasonable to most people that a religious group should be able to require that its leaders are adherents of that faith. Yet this is still a constant issue on college campuses.

One of the best-known — or perhaps we should say notorious — cases of this was at the University of Iowa. The school derecognized a religious student group, Business Leaders in Christ, after 25 years on campus in 2017 because it required its leaders to share its religious beliefs.

Without the regulation currently in place, the group was forced to file a federal lawsuit to regain its official recognition. They won in 2019 but the University, not wanting to lose control, appealed, and lost again at the appellate level in 2021.

Not wanting to stop at just one group, in July 2018, the University officially derecognized 38 other student groups for the same reason, including those for Muslim, Sikh, and Mormon students. This was after a preliminary injunction was issued against the school in the original court case. The Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals again ruled against the University of Iowa.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The appellate court said the University engaged in "viewpoint discrimination" by selectively enforcing its anti-discrimination rules against religious organizations but not other student groups with selective memberships. Between the two cases, the plaintiffs spent nearly $2 million over four years to defend their First Amendment rights, a sum the University of Iowa ultimately had to pay. It would have been easier, quicker, and cheaper for everyone if the Department of Education had had the ability to intervene at the university level.

The current public comment period for the proposed repeal of this regulation closes on March 24. I hope the Department of Education reconsiders its proposal, but I pray our colleges become more accommodating of diverse religious beliefs. The existing rule helps move us in that direction but repealing it empowers hostility towards religion on campus.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

With their new majority, House Republicans have put oversight of pandemic relief at the top of their agenda—quickly advancing legislation to recover massive taxpayer losses due to fraud involving pandemic unemployment benefits. Expected on the House floor in the coming weeks, the legislation would provide a financial incentive for states to recover losses. But Democrats oppose that approach, instead favoring doling out more federal funds. Billions of dollars hang in the balance as Congress decides which approach to take.

The pandemic and government shutdowns unleashed unprecedented demand for unemployment benefits starting in March 2020. Congress responded with record federal benefit expansions, including adding $600 per week to all state and federal unemployment checks. Claims for those checks surged to 33 million in June 2020—more than double the prior record. In all, nearly 1.6 billion weekly unemployment checks worth $900 billion were paid out through Labor Day 2021. Someone collecting just average benefits nationwide throughout that time could receive $46,000—not counting stimulus checks and other government benefits. Those huge payouts—and serious weaknesses in federal program design—attracted criminals intent on ripping off the system.

A hearing by the House Ways and Means Committee last month reviewed the grim results. Dubbed "the greatest theft of taxpayer dollars" in history by Chairman Jason Smith, the hearing included testimony from the Inspector General of the US Department of Labor, Larry Turner. Turner said the "low end" estimate for unemployment benefit misspending during the pandemic is currently $191 billion—including both fraud and erroneous payments. A recent GAO report conservatively estimates that losses to fraud alone total at least $60 billion. Both figures are sure to rise, and private sector experts estimate the taxpayer rip-off totals an astonishing $400 billion.

Both state and federal benefits are paid out by state agencies. Democrats especially complain those agencies have been underfunded—and they are right. Since the 1990s, under both Republican and Democratic presidents and congressional majorities, real spending on administering unemployment benefits has fallen steadily. Those same state agencies now bear the responsibility—and expense—of recovering pandemic misspending. Yet under current rules, if states recover misspent federal funds, they must return 100 percent of what they recover to the federal government. That gives states no incentive to go after the bulk of pandemic fraud.

GOP TARGETS BILLIONS IN COVID FRAUD WITH NEW BILL

Democrats argue their $1.9 trillion March 2021 American Rescue Plan included $2 billion for the Department of Labor nominally to help states address fraud. Yet two years later those funds haven’t all been deployed, and $260 million is devoted to "promoting equity" in future benefits. President Biden is now doubling down on that Washington-driven approach, proposing $1.6 billion in new federal funds. His proposal includes $600 million for investigations and prosecutions, another $600 million on fraud prevention, and an additional $400 million for victims of fraud.

But that does nothing to encourage states to act. And if throwing federal money at this problem would solve it, you would think that the first $2 billion would have done the trick. But so far that approach has yielded only pennies on the dollar in terms of recoveries. It’s now over 18 months since federal pandemic benefits expired, yet only $5 billion of possibly $400 billion in misspending has been recovered.

Republicans are proposing a markedly different approach. The House Ways and Means Committee recently approved H.R. 1163, the Protecting Taxpayers and Victims of Unemployment Fraud Act. The legislation would prevent further fraud through better data matching and identity and income verification, closing loopholes left wide open during the pandemic. But the legislation’s main focus is on encouraging states to recover pandemic benefits lost to fraud. As the committee describes, the legislation "allows states to retain 25 percent of fraudulent federal funds recovered," reversing current policies that offer states "little incentive to pursue costly investigations and prosecutions" involving federal funds.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

States would use their share of recovered funds to offset their costs, improve program integrity, and modernize the systems that left benefits vulnerable to fraud in the first place. Recognizing program misspending often exceeded 10 percent before the pandemic, the bill also allows states to devote five percent of future recoveries to those purposes.

The clock is ticking on getting misspent pandemic funds back, so the stakes for this legislation are high. Congress should approve it quickly. Doing so promises a far better return for taxpayers than doing nothing, or just throwing more money at the current Washington-centric approach that so far has failed to recover tens, or possibly even hundreds, of billions of dollars lost to pandemic fraud.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

Families saving for college and encouraging their kids to aim for the top are getting scammed by the left-wing college industrial complex. Colleges distort and outright lie about who gets accepted, education quality and what it costs. If they were selling auto loans and used the same deceptive tactics, they'd be in jail.

Columbia University announced last Wednesday that it is permanently eliminating SAT and ACT test scores as part of the undergraduate admissions process -- the first Ivy League school to go permanently test-optional. Columbia issued a slippery statement about making admissions "nuanced" and "respecting varied backgrounds, voices and experiences." Truth is, Columbia is ditching merit for diversity. Without admitting it, Columbia has replaced an academic mission -- providing a rigorous education to a group of prepared students -- with a new one: social engineering.

Expect other colleges to follow. Elon Musk commented Saturday that "very few Americans seem to realize the severity of the situation."

President Joe Biden made equity the mission of all federal agencies. On March 1, Secretary of Education Miguel Cardona blasted the higher education industry's "unhealthy obsession with selectivity" and urged a focus on "upward mobility."

That's politics. But parents making the biggest investment of their lives, except buying a home, ought to know what they're paying for: a rigorous classroom experience for their youngster, or a bit part in a social experiment.

COLLEGE DEGREE VALUE PLUMMETS AS WOKE INSANITY SPIKES

Colleges don't want the public to discern what's going on. That's why they're railing against U.S. News & World Report rankings, published annually. The rankings factor in, among other things, test scores, graduation rates (after six years), how much debt students have when they leave, class size and faculty credentials -- precisely the facts families need.

Nearly all colleges made SAT and ACT tests optional during the pandemic. And most institutions are sticking with that temporary policy for the current year. Not the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, which already reinstated testing. Dean of Admissions Stu Schmill explains that it's "not all about who comes in the door but also who goes out." A quarter of students admitted to MIT in the fall of 2020 scored a perfect 800 on the math SAT, and none scored below 700. Schmill recalled that a decade earlier, when MIT admitted students with a wider range of scores, fewer made it to graduation.

The American Civil Liberties Union slams ACT and SAT tests as "unjustifiable barriers for historically underrepresented students of color." The issue is more complicated. The tests have been screened to prevent bias. But high schools in areas serving Black and Hispanic students tend to be lower quality and offer fewer advanced placement courses, leaving students unprepared.

Sadly, most colleges are more interested in being politically correct than ensuring their student body can do the work.

They're also apprehensive about a U.S. Supreme Court ruling, due in June, that is expected to curtail or outlaw considering race in admissions. In lawsuits against Harvard University and the University of North Carolina, test scores were used as evidence showing how these universities rejected high-scoring Asian and white applicants to promote diversity.

After the June ruling, many institutions will likely eliminate testing to get rid of any evidence of racial favoritism. Erwin Chemerinsky of the University of California, Berkeley, School of Law predicts that institutions will find ways to prefer minorities "that can't be documented as violating the Constitution."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

A majority of Americans consider it wrong to favor any racial group in admissions. But right versus wrong be damned. The left-wing higher education establishment will likely find ways to do it, and worse, cover it up.

Race isn't the only thing colleges lie about.

The U.S. Education Department's College Scoreboard lists colleges' graduation rates. But check the fine print. Graduation is defined as earning a diploma within eight years. Who has time or money for that?

A staggering 91% of colleges misrepresent their costs, according to a Government Accountability Office investigation.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Columbia confessed it falsified class sizes and faculty credentials to U.S. News & World Report.

Despite nonstop virtue signaling, the higher education establishment is anything but virtuous. Americans need to stand up to these liars.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

There were only 39 homes in Palm Lake, our Florida neighborhood, so when we moved there it didn’t take long for my late wife, Bobbie, and me to meet each of these folks. In fact, soon after moving there, I was asked to serve on the Homeowner’s Association Board. Without thinking, I said "yes." A year later I was the president. Again, what was I thinking?

What this meant was that Bobbie and I had a chance to get better acquainted with our neighbors. We quickly learned which ones were essentially invisible, except for coming in and out of their automatically opening and closing their garages, which ones were angry curmudgeons, and which were angels.

We did life with these people, and, as it turned out, we did death, too. Seventeen years after moving there, we said goodbye to Bobbie. But before she died, she told two friends that she "hopes Robert marries Nancy." She did not tell me this.

Almost a year later, I took my brand-new fiancé, Nancy, on a walk. As we circled this familiar loop, I told her about each family. Their names and how many kids and grandkids they sported and what they did for work. I also filled her in on my relationship with each one. Good, as well as not so good.

When we passed Scotty’s house, my heart skipped a beat. By this time, he and Angela had moved. I lost touch with them. Scotty and I had done a lot of things together, enduring long board meetings, decorating the Palm Lake entrance with lights for Christmas, American-flag buntings for Memorial Day, and pressure washing all the sidewalks. And lots more.

HOW MY FAITH WAS STRENGTHENED IN AN MRI TUBE

The reason why my ticker had jumped was that in that moment of walking past his home, I realized there were a few things ol’ Scotty and I had not discussed. These were things I had tiptoed around in our friendship and neighborhood busyness. Things we should have covered, just Scotty and me. Things I wish I had said to him but did not. Truths I still need to tell myself every day.

So, if you know where Scotty went, maybe you can share these things with him. Five simple topics I didn’t mention to him but, pretending you’re my neighbor now, I will say to you as gently as I’m able. Just between us:

1. You’re going to die. And I’m going to die.

Someday, sooner or later, no matter how old you and I are today, our hearts will squeeze their last squeeze, our eyes will close, and we’ll be gone. As dark as this may sound to you, I wish Scotty and I had talked about death. His and mine. We did not. But since you and I are still on the north side of the sod, I hope it’s OK if I say this to you.

2. Since death is certain, can I suggest that you should plan your ending arrangements?

Be sure to include where and how you want to be buried? Should there be a funeral service? Who should speak? Should there be music? If you’re thinking I’m overprogramming, pretend you didn’t do any of these things and then envision your loved ones looking at each other at the news of your demise. They’re wondering what you want them to do now that you’re gone. Planning these final things before you’re dead will be a gift to your survivors.

WHY YOUR BIBLE MAY HAVE A BLANK PAGE IN IT AND WHAT IT MEANS FOR YOU

3. This may sound silly, but before you’re room temperature, you should try to thank and bless your loved ones.

Intentionally.

Purposefully.

Do this as soon as you can because someday you won’t be able to.

Maybe you can speak or write blessings over them now. With words. And while you’re at it, you can clear the deck of any unfinished business. This may include identifying and confessing things you may have done that you know were hurtful to these people. When you and I ask them to issue you grace and forgiveness, most likely they will.

4. Now, I’m really going to get personal, but this pre-death planning may need to include decluttering.

Over the years you’ve likely collected things. Everything from teacups to rare spoons to crystal figurines to books to Madam Alexander dolls, and antique shaving instruments.

Please listen carefully. Your survivors don’t want your stuff. These people may include your children and grandchildren. They love you. They’ll miss you when you’re gone. But they do not want your stuff. Do something with the clutter now so your kids won’t have to. I spent time at Scotty’s house and saw some of the collections. He needed to know this.

5. Ask God to stand with you—to draw near to you—between now and that final breath.

His promise is that He will. Since He’s close by, You and I need to do with the Lord what we are doing with our friends and family, before it’s too late. Clear the deck of unfinished business. Confess, repent, and receive God’s cleansing forgiveness. After 42 years of marriage, when Bobbie was diagnosed with Stage IV ovarian cancer, my daughters and I made a resolution. We determined that however long we had left with her, we were going to give Bobbie a chance to use this terminal diagnosis as a megaphone for God’s grace, His love, His mercy, His forgiveness, and His eagerness that she spend eternity with Him.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

She did this. Beautifully. And as a witness to her funeral, even though there were tears, there was also laughter and celebration. And resolve. As the old-time preacher used to exclaim, "Make things right with God." This is a really good idea, too.

Since moving away from the old neighborhood. I’ve lost touch with Scotty. We haven’t seen each other or spoken for a long time. But if I could spin my clocks back a few years and walk past his house once more before he moved, I’d take the time to walk up his front sidewalk, knock on his door, and mention these things to him.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

He may think I’m crazy to query him about such serious issues. Or he may express gratitude for my caring enough to fill him in.

Oh, and I’d also hug Scotty and thank him for letting me finally say these things, being my friend, and not dying until I told him how much I love him.

CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM ROBERT WOLGEMUTHNEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

The president’s budget for fiscal year 2024 is less a display of prudent finance as it is reminiscent of a carnival shell game. If you don’t pay close attention to the details, you’ll wind up suckered by the man moving the ball around. President Joe Biden’s political talking points may appease his Democrat colleagues, but the details should alarm Americans who stand to lose in this $7-trillion shell game on the national stage.

The first attempt at distraction in this game is the assumption that the Treasury needs more tax revenue to reduce the deficit. At first glance, that checks out mathematically – but it ignores the larger reality.

Fundamentally, the nation does not have a revenue problem; it has a spending problem. Tax revenue has never been higher, whether measured in nominal terms, or adjusted for inflation, or as a percent of GDP, or as a percent of income. Rather, it is government spending which has ballooned to unsustainable levels and created record-breaking deficits.

MCCARTHY SHREDS BIDEN'S BUDGET PROPOSAL: 'COMPLETELY UNSERIOUS'

Consider that federal expenditures were about $4.8 trillion in 2019 but were over $6 trillion in 2022. That’s a 25%-increase in three years — far outpacing economic growth — and it doesn’t even include the $6.7 trillion spent during the pandemic in 2020 or the record-breaking $7.2 trillion spent in 2021, Biden’s first year in office.

The logical choice would be to cut spending, but the White House has opted for more taxes instead. However, many of the proposed tax increases won’t even be paid by those allegedly being taxed. The corporate tax increase is a prime example of another act of deception in this shell game.

Corporations do not pay taxes; only people can pay taxes. The corporate income tax is paid by employees in the form of lower wages, by customers in the form of higher prices, and by savers in the form of lower returns on their investments.

The White House touts this as "making corporations pay their fair share," but that is a sound bite which isn’t very sound. The middle-class employee at a corporation, who is also a customer at corporations, and who has a 401(k) invested in corporations, is unknowingly paying the very taxes which Biden alleged would fall on "big business."

Likewise, tax increases on coal, oil and natural gas will simply be passed onto consumers, both in the form of higher utility bills but also higher prices just about everywhere. When businesses are paying more for their own utilities and for transportation, they end up raising the prices they charge for their own goods and services.

A similar illusion is at work in the White House’s proposal to effectively double the tax on capital gains. Inflation has driven up the price of many investments, but there has not been a commensurate increase in the real value of those assets. Nevertheless, capital gains tax is due on these inflated price increases, at twice the current rate.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

On top of inflation already being a tax, the White House wants to increase that burden on savers even further in this budget, so that inflation gets you coming and going. That doesn’t sound like "paying your fair share," as the president says.

All told, the proposed budget adds $5.5 trillion in additional taxes over the next decade. And where is all this tax revenue going?

Instead of addressing the structural problems in Medicare, Obamacare, Social Security and the Highway Trust Fund, this budget kicks the can down the road, merely putting off the day of reckoning a little longer by throwing more money at the problem. Ironically, research shows that this budget’s higher taxes will undermine the very economic growth that is necessary to keep these government programs adequately funded.

The logical choice would be to cut spending, but the White House has opted for more taxes instead. However, many of the proposed tax increases won’t even be paid by those allegedly being taxed. The corporate tax increase is a prime example of another act of deception in this shell game.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

If that weren’t bad enough, the White House also proposes continuing to spend billions of dollars on "environmental justice," "advancing equity," and sending more money to Ukraine with no accountability.

In short, this latest budget is a masterclass in deceptive marketing, and Americans need to pay close attention to the fine print, not the rhetoric surrounding it. Getting distracted by the slick marketing in this shell game means more than losing track of the ball – it means losing your money.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

More than 30,000 people lost their lives to narco-violence in Mexico in 2022. More than 100,000 Americans lose their lives every year as opioid and fentanyl poison – among other narcotics – pour into our nation. Thousands of women and children also disappear either on their journey to the nearly 2,000 mile porous border or at the hands of sex traffickers.

The human rights and terror suffered by both of our nations is immeasurable, but our governments have done the minimal to stop it. The cartels have plagued our entire Western Hemisphere for decades.

Only now, because of the horror witnessed in the border town of Matamoros, Mexico, is anyone paying attention. It will not last long. The action taken by the Mexican government to bring to justice those who gunned down an American vehicle, killing two and kidnapping two is not common. The tour de force put into place by Mexican authorities to find the two kidnapped Americans is admirable but let me put this into perspective, more than 100,000 people are still missing in Mexico and rarely is any crime solved.

AMERICANS WHO SURVIVED MEXICO KIDNAPPING SHAKEN AFTER THEY 'WATCHED' OTHERS DIE: FAMILY

Mexico is a pseudo-narco state. What happened to the Americans in Matamoros is horrific. I can't imagine the horror they encountered as they were facing gunfire and as the Gulf Cartel members slowly dumped the two bodies into the back of a truck after the reign of fire at a narco checkpoint. They did not rush. They were not afraid of law enforcement or the fact that dozens of witnesses were watching as it took place. In fact, a young Mexican woman lost her life in broad daylight during the shootout.

I've traveled to the region many times and have luckily not encountered a narco checkpoint, but I have encountered cartel members on my travels many times. Why? Because they are everywhere and operate with impunity.

The cartels have a reason for their strong presence in Mexican border towns. They are fighting for the transit routes that allow the cartels to pour their poison into our nation. It's a turf battle that brings in hundreds of billions of dollars yearly and gives these narco-terrorists the same, if not more, capabilities of U.S. and Mexican law enforcement agencies.

These are the battle lines that connect the smugglers to the highways needed to transport their contraband across our nation.

U.S. lawmakers are well aware of what is happening in Mexico and the White House is well aware that its policies have led to this disaster. So why are we allowing this to happen?

DEADLY MEXICO KIDNAPPING HIGHLIGHTS DANGERS OF US CITIZENS SEEKING MEDICAL PROCEDURES IN REGION

Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, made a statement following a briefing from Deputy FBI Director Paul Abbate regarding the recent kidnapping of the four South Carolinians and the death of two of them.

"Senator Scott and I just received a briefing from the deputy director of the FBI, Paul Abbate, about the circumstances regarding the recent kidnapping and murder of South Carolinians in Mexico. I appreciate the FBI's assistance to the victims and their families. I also appreciate their commitment to bringing those involved in these heinous crimes to justice. This was clearly a Mexican cartel action."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

Graham added, "it is now time to change the game on how we deal with Mexican drug cartels."

Better late than never but what does this really mean. What action will be taken?

The cartels have a reason for their strong presence in Mexican border towns. They are fighting for the transit routes that allow the cartels to pour their poison into our nation.

For decades our children have been dying. For decades children in the region have been trafficked for sex and left abandoned and dead. Rarely has anyone lifted a finger and the actions have been weak and feckless at best. The only time I witnessed actual change was under President Donald Trump, and I have covered the U.S. Mexico border since President George W. Bush was in office.

In 2009, I published an investigative column with The Washington Times, noting then that the cartels were believed to have more than 100,000 people on their payrolls, an army of sorts, in Mexico and some in the United States as well. Imagine how many there are now.

More importantly, the Biden administration has put the cartels on steroids. During his tenure, Biden has created a policy of wide open borders that have rivaled any past president's failures. This could only be done because the administration wants it this way. By 2024, DHS estimates that more than 5 million people will have entered the United States illegally, most through the southern border.

Those may be the lucky ones. What about all the children that have lost their lives? What about all our children that have lost their lives? We must demand change. We need to demand action. It can't just be talk without action.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

We can no longer afford to ignore what is happening. The recent Matamoros kidnapping and killings of Americans brought attention to what has actually been happening in the region for decades. Like other high-profile American deaths in Mexico, beginning with the killing and torture of DEA Agent Enrique 'Kiki' Camarena in 1985, we can't simply just talk, but we must take action.

We can't afford to ignore the crisis any longer because Mexico is a war zone and so are we.

CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM SARA CARTERNEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

Imagine Republicans holding a hearing where they called prominent journalists by the term, "so-called journalists," mocked them for working in a "threesome" and tried to get them to reveal their sources.

Only it wasn’t Republicans making those attacks. It was the Democrats on the House Judiciary subcommittee impugning the integrity of journalist witnesses, while Republicans defended a free press. Honest liberals must have had their heads spinning. (Yes, there are honest liberals. Read on!)

In one especially putrid moment, Ranking Member Del. Stacey Plaskett slammed the two journalists testifying in a way almost hard to imagine. "Mr. Chairman, I am not exaggerating when I say that you have called before you two witnesses who pose a direct threat to people who oppose them."

She wasn’t talking about Jeffrey Dahmer or Henry Lee Lucas, she was talking about two people who report news. The only threat the two journalists, Matt Taibbi and Michael Shellenberger, pose is that they are revealing the corrupt censorship committed by people in power. That’s what Plaskett was terrified about.

MATT TAIBBI CALLS OUT ‘CENSORSHIP-INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX’ IN LATEST TWITTER FILES

Taibbi got the better of her criticism of his credentials. "Ranking member Plaskett," he responded, "I’m not a so-called journalist. I’ve won the National Magazine Award, the I.F. Stone Award for Independent Journalism, and I’ve written 10 books including four New York Times bestsellers." If she had any self respect, she would have had to send staffers to CVS to get aloe for that burn.

Like I said, if.

Florida Democrat Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz was nearly as awful. Mediaite described her assault as she, "Trashes Matt Taibbi as Profiteering Tool Of Elon Musk in Explosive Twitter Hearing." She even complained about him "being a Republican witness," which would then discredit all witnesses of both parties in Congress. Not good with the long view.

Unsurprisingly, the press didn’t exactly join with Republicans defending … the press. Because suddenly journalism was being used to expose government censorship against the right, not exactly the favorite sport inside the Beltway. Especially for legacy news outlets that mostly have a "D" after their names.

Even before the hearing started, MSNBC Opinion Writer/Editor Hayes Brown declared the subcommittee toast. "The House GOP’s ‘weaponization’ subcommittee is already imploding," he wrote. Apparently, his crystal ball skipped today’s hearing. Because what imploded was a mix of Democrat and liberal media credibility.

Leftist press stalwarts blasted the hearing and, especially, Taibbi. Keith Olbermann was quick to chime in. Olbermann, who used to cover sports but now does a podcast after a bunch of job, um … changes, said of another poster, "he's mocking Taibbi, not a journalist." Daily Beast contributor Cliff Schecter blasted the journalist testifying as "smarmy, Putin-colon dweller, traitor Taibbi."

Subtle.

Molly Jong-Fast, who describes herself as a podcaster and Vanity Fair "special correspondent," criticized Taibbi for his testimony. "Matt Taibbi should make Elon buy him a horse after todays testimony," she tweeted. Jong-Fast is also listed as "a contributor" to the theoretically conservative site The Bulwark, which is funded extensively by the left and is Never Trump and may be working on Never DeSantis.

Liberals didn’t just bash Taibbi. Esquire’s Charles P. Pierce flayed subcommittee Chairman Rep. Jim Jordan, "Jim Jordan reloaded his 155mm Howitzer of Stupid on Thursday." He followed with another barrage: "I appreciate that Jordan was born a colossal jerk and can't do anything about that, but nobody forced him to refine the character so thoroughly, either."

One wonders if Pierce is acquainted with mirror technology.

Some on the left, commendably defended journalism and the journalists who testified. Ryan Grim, D.C. bureau chief at The Intercept, called out Plaskett. "For a member of Congress to say they ‘represent a direct threat to those who oppose them’ is beyond the pale and should be roundly condemned. This isn’t a close call."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

He’s right, but that sentiment wasn’t common anywhere but on the right.

HuffPost knocked Taibbi in a headline, "Matt Taibbi Smirks Through House Committee Grilling About 'Twitter Files.'" But its senior politics reporter Daniel Marans was more fair. He tweeted, "I don't think House Democrats pressing Taibbi to reveal his source for the Twitter files, or for that matter, ‘exposing’ him for earning a living from his trade, is the ‘own’ that they think it is. Journalists don't reveal anonymous sources," he tweeted.

If the purpose of journalism is to comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable, the hearing did a good bit of both. And Taibbi and Shellenberger deserve credit, especially given all the attacks that are sure to follow.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

Our country recently received a sobering wakeup call with China’s spy balloon hovering over our skies. The blatant violation of American sovereignty wasn’t just an off-hand stunt, it was emblematic of Communist China’s view that they can get away with any aggressive actions against America with little consequences.

The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) cares first and foremost about displacing the United States from its perch among the world’s powers, and this is particularly true when it comes to powering the world.

As the Biden administration continues to shift American energy policy away from fossil fuels and toward green alternatives, it’s playing right into China’s hands. More specifically, China’s clean energy supremacy should be viewed as a direct threat to the United States.

China controls large parts of the supply chains for critical minerals (e.g., copper, nickel, and lithium) and rare earth elements. These materials are absolutely crucial to clean energy technologies, like electric vehicles and solar panels, as well as a range of essential products from smartphones to fighter jets.

CHINA, US HEADING FOR ‘CONFLICT AND CONFRONTATION,' FOREIGN MINISTER WARNS

In the modern-day gold rush for these irreplaceable building blocks, China is dominating — with the help of Uyghur forced labor and its predatory Belt and Road Initiative that gives high interest loans to developing countries. While CCP does not have a monopoly over upstream production of critical minerals, they have a stranglehold on the midstream and downstream supply chains.

According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), China refines between 60 and 70 percent of cobalt and lithium and a stunning 90 percent of rare earth elements

Some on the left, however, say that we must appease China so that they will help us fight climate change. Special Presidential Envoy for Climate John Kerry has said that the CCP’s human rights horrors are "not my lane."

Just last month, at a Heritage Foundation event about China and Ukraine, a protester took to the stage with a message consistent with Kerry’s actions: "China’s not our enemy, the climate crisis is."

This mistaken approach toward China is as dangerous as it is delusional. First, from espionage and human rights abuses to supply chain monopolies and intellectual property thefts, the CCP is clearly a massive threat to U.S. sovereignty. Second, China emits more than the whole developed world and is building an astonishing number of coal plants.

Many in the Biden administration, notably John Kerry, are willing to sacrifice national security and human rights concerns in the name of climate policy — but this futile attempt to appease Chairman Xi won’t get the world’s worst emitter to decarbonize any faster than is in its own interests.

John Kerry is the Neville Chamberlain of climate change. China interprets this posture as weakness and is exploiting it.

Thankfully, there are ways to resist dependence on the CCP for critical minerals and rare earth elements — and do more for the environment than Democrats’ approach.

Instead of denying domestic mining, such as mining in Minnesota for copper and nickel, we need more of it. "Made in America" has a national security component, and U.S. mines are much better for our economy, security, and the climate than Chinese mines. Working with our North American allies will also strengthen our supply chains.

Additionally, we must support innovative developments with two power sources that Democrats have often opposed, reliable and carbon-free nuclear and carbon capture for fossil fuels. We should also diversify our energy mix so we are not overly reliant on one power source or one foreign power — then we can protect this country while remaining the world’s leader in reducing emissions.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Countering China’s control of clean energy supply chains won’t be easy, and, at least initially, it will be more expensive. But dependence on the CCP is the highest price of all.

So, while we are focusing on the skies above us right now, let’s not forget the natural resources under our feet — resources we must cultivate to prevent reliance on the CCP for keeping our lights on and homes heated. By mining more, and ensuring reliable access to diverse power sources, we can prevent China from surpassing the United States.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

Give Biden administration bureaucrats and power brokers credit for something: They recognize a looming threat to their comfortable status quo when they see one. Accordingly, they have launched a multi-agency effort coordinated by the Securities and Exchange Commission to purge digital asset companies from the American economy.

With Republicans now in control of the House, that sets up a March 9 showdown, when the House Financial Services Committee’s Digital Assets Subcommittee convenes a hearing called "Coincidence or Coordinated? The Administration’s Attack on the Digital Asset Ecosystem."

The traditional centralized monetary system, as we know it in the United States, is tightly regulated by the federal government, which controls all facets of the system, including printing and minting physical currency and coordinating transactions with financial institutions. Adjustments to how the system operates can be made by unelected government bureaucrats, potentially with little-to-no public notice.

Under the decentralized mode of digital assets, no central authority is required. Bitcoin, for example, uses open-source software that allows the code to be maintained by a consensus of its users. Modifications and improvements can be made if a sufficient number of users agree – and this is a crucially important difference – with a centralized system, any changes would be transparent.

HOUSE REPUBLICANS LAUNCHING DIGITAL ASSET SUBCOMMITTEE AFTER TROUBLED YEAR FOR CRYPTOCURRENCY INDUSTRY

The decentralized nature of digital assets can only be viewed as a threat to those who favor expanding the size and role of government because digital assets act as free-market safeguards against abuses within centralized monetary systems. For example, the Biden administration cranked government currency printing presses into overdrive, enabling more government spending and sending America’s economy tumbling into an era of hyper-inflation. That scenario would be much less possible under a transparent, decentralized system.

The situation isn’t too dissimilar to that of the Chinese Communist Party which, having concluded it couldn’t control digital assets outright, banned them in 2021.

Another key differentiating feature in many digital assets is that they’re resistant to "financial censorship," a term that refers to the suppression of certain spending, canceling transactions or freezing monetary assets.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

Typically, financial censorship would be done by the government, but increasingly, we’re seeing this done by banks and payment card companies at the direction of government regulators.

The Biden administration, for example, has revived the Obama administration’s "Operation Chokepoint," to pressure banks and card companies to refuse doing business with legally operating firearms manufacturers and vendors.

Now, in what’s being called "Operation Chokepoint 2.0," Biden’s regulators are trying to remove a political thorn, taking aim directly at digital assets with the apparent objective of debanking them.

In January, the SEC sent a letter threatening Paxos with legal action, asserting that its BUSD stablecoin offering "is a security and that Paxos should have registered the offering of BUSD under the federal securities laws." Paxos announced that it will stop minting the stablecoin, yet refuted the SEC’s assertion that its stablecoin is a security.

In February, the SEC ordered Kraken to shutter its Ethereum staking service, which industry experts view as an essential piece of the digital asset ecosystem. Industry analysts view these moves as merely the opening salvos.

The fixation with regulating the life out of decentralized currencies like Bitcoin is driven by the Biden administration’s centralized, Big Government approach to government, which views innovations beyond its ability to control with contempt. The situation isn’t too dissimilar to that of the Chinese Communist Party which, having concluded it couldn’t control digital assets outright, banned them in 2021.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

While not without their own risks – market volatility and potential hacking of managing firms – digital assets offer Americans a new avenue to access and build prosperity for themselves.

The Digital Assets Subcommittee hearing should make it clear that in America, the land of the free, it should be up to the individual and not the government to decide whether and how to invest.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

Last night, we aired video from surveillance cameras on Capitol Hill. That video was recorded 26 months to the day before January 6, 2021, and for 26 months, that footage was held from the American public. The January 6 Committee made certain. Now, the Justice Department also kept a lid on that video footage and in fact, in some cases, DOJ did not share it with criminal defendants who had been charged on January 6 in violation of their constitutional rights.

We felt it was a public service to bring what we could to you. There was no justification for keeping the secret any longer and a powerful argument to be made that sunlight is always and everywhere the best disinfectant and in fact, because it was video evidence, it is to some extent self-explanatory.

Anyone could look at the tape and decide what he or she thinks of it. The tape we showed last night indicated very clearly that Capitol Hill police in some cases escorted protesters through the Capitol as if they were giving a tour. They did that with Jacob Chansley, the so-called QAnon Shaman. At one point, they even tried to open locked doors on Chansley’s behalf.

Chansley was sentenced to four years in prison for his crimes in the Capitol on January 6 and the video we showed you last night raises the obvious question: Why? On what grounds? The video we showed you last night also showed that Officer Brian Sicknick was not beaten to death with a fire extinguisher by protesters on January 6 as the media and Liz Cheney so often claimed. The video shows Sicknick walking around the building, apparently in good health, after he was supposedly killed. We showed you that video. You can make of it what you will. We also showed you video that proves Ray Epps, the mysterious protester who encouraged others to breach the Capitol, lied to the January 6 Committee about where he was on that day, but for some reason, the committee protected him anyway. He was not considered an insurrectionist. He was their ally.

TUCKER CARLSON RELEASES EXCLUSIVE JAN. 6 FOOTAGE, SAYS POLITICIANS, MEDIA LIED ABOUT SICKNICK, 'QANON SHAMAN'

So, once again, you can draw whatever conclusions you like from that video. We have ours and we shared them with you, but it's really beyond debate that it is good for this country for Americans to be able to see it. The media and politicians, the people in charge, have talked about January 6 every day since it happened for 26 months and so at some point, the evidence should be presented to the public. In free countries, governments do not lie about protests as a pretext to gain more power for themselves. They don't selectively edit videos for propaganda services and then lie about them and fake hearings and show trials, but that's exactly what happened and every member of Congress should ask why that happened, but Democrats in the Senate, the Democratic leader in the Senate, Chuck Schumer, is not asking why. Instead, Chuck Schumer went on the Senate floor today to explode and to say that showing that video evidence of wrongdoing by the federal government, including the security forces, the police department, that Nancy Pelosi personally controlled, letting the public see any of that is a threat to democracy.

SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER: Last night, millions of Americans tuned in to one of the most shameful hours we have ever seen on cable television. Fox News host Tucker Carlson ran a lengthy segment last night arguing the January 6 Capitol attack was not a violent insurrection. I don't think I've ever seen a primetime cable news anchor manipulate his viewers the way Mr. Carlson did last night. I don't think I've ever seen an anchor treat the American people and American democracy with such disdain.

"There's nothing that shameful that has ever appeared on American television in the history of the media," and so on the basis of that, the self-evident outrage of showing the public video that it paid for and has a right to see, Chuck Schumer called for the censorship of that video — any information, and he did not dispute that it was accurate — the damage is a storyline his party constructed and used must be squelched. And Schumer's explicit on that point. Because that video contradicted lies told by the Democratic Party — Liz Cheney and Adam Kinzinger , Chuck Schumer demanded that our bosses pull this show off the air.

ELON MUSK TORCHES HOUSE JAN. 6 COMMITTEE FOR 'MISLEADING THE PUBLIC,' WITHHOLDING EVIDENCE: 'DEEPLY WRONG'

SCHUMER: He's going to come back tonight with another segment. Fox News should tell him not to. Fox News, Rupert Murdoch — tell Carlson not to run a second segment of lies. I urge Fox News to order Carlson to cease propagating the big lie on his network and to level with their viewers about the truth — the truth behind the efforts to mislead the public. Conduct like theirs is just asking for another January 6 to happen.

"It's a threat to democracy. Pull him off the air." A couple of obvious observations: You don't often see the Senate majority leader openly call for censorship on the floor of the Senate as if that was totally normal and didn't contradict the spirit and the letter of the First Amendment, but of course it does, but what's really happening here? What you're seeing is hysteria, the overstatement, the crazed hyperbole, the red-in-the-face anger. What is that? Well, it's not outrage, of course. It's fear. It's panic.

Those videos, which we did not retouch, which we brought to you after running everyone by the Capitol Police to make certain that we didn't imperil anybody, and we told you that last night, those videos touch a nerve because they're a threat to the lies that Chuck Schumer has been telling for the last 26 months, and not just Chuck Schumer. We should also tell you that Chuck Schumer, the Senate majority leader, was joined in this outrage by the Senate minority leader and that would be a Republican, Mitch McConnell, and they were joined by a cascade of other Republicans — Thom Tillis from North Carolina, Mitt Romney from Utah — all sharing the same outrage, and from this, we learn two things.

One: You're getting close to what they really care about, and you have to ask yourself why? Why is it so important that they would degrade themselves by telling such obvious lies and calling for censorship? Why? What are they trying to protect? That might be worth exploring, and we plan to, and the second thing that we learn from this is that they're on the same side. The Senate majority leader joins the Senate minority leader — Thom Tillis, Mitt Romney. They're all on the same side. So, it's actually not about left and right. It's not about Republican and Democrat. Here you have people with shared interests, the open borders people, the people like Mitch McConnell, who are living in splendor on Chinese money, the people who underneath it all have everything in common are all aligned against everyone else, and that would include almost all news organizations in this country as well.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

So, if you're watching, this might be kind of interesting to keep a list, because one thing we learned today is that they're all in agreement with each other. They kind of outed themselves. They sort of showed their membership cards and whatever club this is to the public, so keep a list. If you want to know who's actually aligned, despite the illusion of partisanship, we found out today. We have a little more tape for you tonight. If you take three steps back, you may notice that the one person really who was never blamed for anything that happened on January 6 was the very same person who was in charge of the police force, the Capitol Hill police, that was charged with securing safety on January 6, and that person was Nancy Pelosi.

If there was a security failure on January 6, and demonstrably there was, it was probably Nancy Pelosi's fault, and after looking at thousands of hours of footage, we came to the conclusion that many others have reached, which is the Capitol Police were not prepared for what happened, and that's fascinating when you think about it, because there was ample warning. The federal intel and law enforcement agencies knew perfectly well there could be a massive disturbance at the Capitol, but the frontline officers on duty that day didn't know and yet the people who kept that information from the frontline officers were overwhelmed by thousands of people milling around the Capitol building? The people who fell down on the job, who didn't do their job, they were not punished. They were rewarded, and you have to ask yourself, why is that?NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

Has the progressive fever broken? Are Democrats finally abandoning the crazy policies that have delivered damaging inflation, soaring crime, unsustainable illegal immigration and failing schools?

There are five positive signs.

1 .Joe Biden shocked Leftists by declaring he will veto Washington, D.C.’s new soft-on-crime bill, leaving 173 House Democrats who voted for it twisting in the wind;

2. Chicago Mayor Lori Lightfoot gets unceremoniously dumped by voters and a pro-cop Democrat leads the initial round of voting;

3. Puffin Books faces outrage by vowing to make Roald Dahl’s iconic books woke, and quickly announces it will continue to publish the originals;

4. #BoycottHershey’s trends on Twitter for two days as critics bash their ad campaign honoring women that features a trans activist;

5. The Board of Governors at the University of North Carolina voted to ban "DEI" statements in connection with hiring, admissions or promotions at the prestigious campus.

Could these events signal a shift in the political winds? For the sake of our nation, we can only hope so.

LORI LIGHTFOOT TORPEDOED AFTER LOSING RE-ELECTION BID: 'GOOD RIDDANCE!'

President Biden’s decision to oppose weakening crime enforcement in Washington, D.C. infuriated progressives in his own party and the many House Democrats who voted in support of the proposed measure – a vote which will likely be used against them by Republicans in upcoming elections. But Biden’s handlers aren’t stupid. They know that communities across the nation are furious about surging crime, and ready to topple the legislators and district attorneys who are pushing "social justice" instead of protecting their families.

Indeed, backlash against the bill was so widespread that Washington’s City Council Chair just recently announced he would withdraw the bill, possibly saving Democrats in the Senate from also having to take sides on the measure.

Voters don’t like Biden’s lenient stance on crime – a recent Economist poll showed 32% of respondents approve of his handling of crime, while 50% do not. As he prepares to run for a second term, Biden does not want rising homicides and theft in our blue cities hung around his neck.

Meanwhile, voters in Chicago, which last year recorded the highest murder rate in the nation, booted Mayor Lori Lightfoot, who had won 74% of the vote when first elected in 2019. Lightfoot’s fall from grace can be traced to several issues, including fights with the powerful teachers unions and failing schools, but crime was absolutely a top concern.

LORI LIGHTFOOT'S CRITICS SOUND OFF ON CHICAGO MAYOR LOSING RE-ELECTION: 'CRIME DOESN’T PAY'

How could it not be? Already this year there have been over 70 murders in the Windy City; as rival Democrat Paul Vallas declares on his campaign website, "Sadly, almost 200 school-aged children have been murdered since 2019, including 72 just last year."

In her first year in office, Lightfoot promised to cut Chicago’s police budget by $80 million; a year later, she begged the federal government for help in quelling the city’s soaring crime. Too little, too late; voters have had their say.

Voters are incensed about crime, but they are also angry about the spread of know-it-all liberal wokeism. Puffin Books recently announced it was re-writing the brilliant children’s books of Roald Dahl, to eliminate "hurtful" words like "ugly" or traditional gender descriptions like "female". What kind of children are too tender to hear the word "fat" or are better off reading that the Chocolate Factory’s Oompa Loompas were "small people" instead of "small men"? Are these people nuts? No, they just have an agenda and think they know best.

Thankfully, incensed fans worldwide howled over the desecration of Dahl’s works. Salman Rushdie tweeted that the changes amounted to "absurd censorship" and added that "Puffin Books and the Dahl estate should be ashamed." Penguin, parent of Puffin, quickly announced that they would continue to publish the original books, in addition to the "sensitized" versions.

HERSHEY'S FACES BACKLASH OVER PUTTING TRANS WOMAN ON CANDY BAR WRAPPER FOR INTERNATIONAL WOMEN’S DAY

Make no mistake, though, wokeism is alive and well. Witness Hershey’s ode to International Women’s Day, in which the chocolate maker issued candy wrappers celebrating five women, one of whom was trans activist Fae Johnstone. Calls to boycott Hershey’s over what many saw as a slight of women dominated Twitter for two days; the company, undaunted, is sticking by its "inclusive celebration of women and their impact…"

The other four (actual) women showcased by Hershey’s are an indigenous rights and water activist (?), a teenage climate innovator, a gender and education equality activist and the founder of Girl Up Quebec, which was actually founded by the UN.

Here’s a crazy idea: instead of spotlighting progressive activists, how about selecting some outstanding mothers? I know women who have raised developmentally disabled kids and given them a terrific life under incredibly difficult circumstances. Or how about moms like those of Sen. Tim Scott or Dr. Ben Carson, who overcame poverty and racism to raise brilliant men? Or how about some of the women home-schooling their kids today, fighting back in their own way against the failures of our power-mad teachers unions?

Women undertake many important roles, but none more important than parenting and, to be sure, educating.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

Educating has never been more important, especially since our schools and universities, with few exceptions, spend more time explaining "inclusive" pronouns than teaching kids how to read. These institutions have cowered before the woke mob, buying into every progressive diktat, including demanding racially biased teaching and regulations.

It was therefore a pleasant surprise to see the Board of Governors at UNC vote to ban diversity, equity and inclusion statements and preferential hiring. No applicant for a professorship or kid hoping to gain admission will have to affirm their political beliefs.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

It is insane to think that such demands are made on campuses, where debate and free speech have traditionally been celebrated. But these are the times we live in, at least for now.

It may be that voters are disgusted by this leftist tide, which is leading to soaring crime, profound division and the disparagement of the American Dream. Let us profoundly hope that disaffection dominates in 2024.

CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM LIZ PEEKNEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

Here we go. Here we go. There we are, look at that. Look at that. Somebody should have told me about my collar. I'm firing somebody. I don't know who it is. Happy Thursday, everyone. I'm super excited.

I'm welcoming Russell Brand to the show. Yes! I've been a fan of Brand for decades, ever since his talk show Big Brothers's Big Mouth. It's a show that was so outrageous, legal wouldn't even let us show it, which sucks. But even at the start of his career, he was a brilliant brain in search of food at a time when the shelves were bare. But now Brand has made the most abrupt change in his career, in any career since O.J. Simpson. Brand was a great comedian, successful actor, bigger than most rock stars. It helped that he looked like Rasputin had sex with Janis Joplin. They even had him play rock stars in movies because he was better at it than they were. And before he got sober, he proved no amount of drugs could take him down. So he's a comedian, TV star, movie star, married to pop star's hyper-articulate, dresses like a shabby hypnotist, tall and handsome, the hippest guy in Shangri-La. I mean, he inspired me to get hair plugs on my chest.

COMEDIAN RUSSELL BRAND: ‘FASCIST,’ ‘NAZI’ JUST CONVENIENT TERMS FOR ‘PEOPLE YOU DON’T AGREE WITH'

And what does he do? He walks away from it. He walks away from it like Hunter Biden strolling away from a stripper's baby. Literally, he lets it go, and for what? To do a podcast, because you know, we don't have enough of them. But he wasn't pushed. He wasn't a victim of cancel culture. No, it's the opposite. They didn't cancel him. He canceled them and no one does that ever. He dumped stardom. So who was the side piece he couldn't resist? Something called truth. Here's a taste.

RUSSEL BRAND MARCH 3, 2023: I've been on that MSNBC mate. It was propagandist. It's nut crackery.

HOST MARCH 3, 2023: Just give me, give me a specific example.

RUSSEL BRAND MARCH 3, 2023: Here are examples: The ludicrous, outrageous criticisms of Joe Rogan around ivermectin were deliberately referring to as a horse medicine, when they know it's an effective medicine here. What about Rachel Maddow turning on the TV saying, "If you take this vaccine, you're not going to get it," when it hadn't been clinical trialed... You're participating in the same game.

I feel so bad for him. It's like he wore that Joy Division shirt for nothing. But it's not like Brand was knocking just MSNBC. He was knocking us as well, but I can take it I'm a big boy, even though I buy my shoes at Baby Gap, because I know that I am biased. Just like I know that I'm short or strikingly handsome. That's the difference. I don't pretend you'd mistake me for Edward R. Murrow, mainly because he's dead and still gets better ratings than Don Lemon.

JOE ROGAN FORCES DR. SANJAY GUPTA TO ADMIT CNN SHOULDN'T HAVE CALLED HIS COVID TREATMENT ‘HORSE DEWORMER’

So what could drive a movie star to leave it all behind to join an uncertain future, one that may in fact offer a way out? Well, today we're watching a narrative pumped up by algorithms and media corporations that incite conflict because it makes money, and it preserves the power of such algorithms and corporate bosses. It directs our behavior by spiking our anger with every headline and missing fact and as long as we as a nation fight amongst ourselves, we can't fight them. It's genius, really. If only someone had said this three years ago.

GREG GUTFELD SEPTEMBER 26, 2020: We're watching a narrative pumped up by algorithms and media corporations inciting conflict because it makes money, and it preserves the power of such algorithms and corporate bosses. It directs our behavior by spiking our anger with every headline and missing fact and as long as we as a nation fight amongst ourselves, we can't fight them. It's genius, really.

Wow. It's almost like age backward. Five years from now, I'll be doing this show in a diaper. So that's how I feel about Russell. How does he feel about me? I bet Greg Gutfeld vibrates as a human being in hatred.

RUSSELL BRAND AUGUST 27, 2014: Greg Gutfeld vibrates as a human being in hatred... Greg's a bit of a swine and a bit of a snipe.... You're a silly sausage. You're stealing oxygen, and you're wasting time... Your name, your weird facial orifice looks like a caving in anus and most importantly, your views, your espousing of hatred, your emptiness, you're, the echoing tub of your mind.

Very good. F.Y.I., after describing my face as an anus, he received thousands of complaint letters, but from anuses. By the way, I consider that a compliment. The anus is very important. I can crack a stock of celery in half. So did I burn all my posters of him at a bonfire? No, because I remember that I had it coming.

CNN FACT CHECKER DANIEL DALE SLAMMED FOR TAKING THE ‘CONSERVATIVES POUNCED’ APPROACH TO FALSE IVERMECTIN STORY

GREG GUTFELD AUGUST 26, 2014: You know, it's bad when a left wing commie scum named Russell Brand actually weighs in... While Russell Brand is lecturing the United States on bigotry, the deadliest form of bigotry radical Islam is spewing from his homeland, but he's too much of a coward to actually focus on that.... He should talk about what's going on in his home and not in ours.

So there you go. I'm bad, if not worse, which is why I'm grateful Brand came here because he didn't have to. He doesn't need me, that's for sure. Meanwhile, as Brand visits us, and Bill Maher, and Joe Rogan and Tucker, we see how corporate media and the government it protects go after all four. We know how CNN accused Rogan of advocating taking horse pills. It was a lie so bold, even horses said, "nay." But it was a direct attack on someone threatening their power. And now here's a headline from The New Statesman about Russell Brand: We Have Lost Russell Brand. And why?

You know, I didn't read the article because it was behind a paywall and if I want to give money to progressives, I'll tip a barista. But the reason? He's no longer saying what they want him to say, just using the word "lost" implies they owned him in the first place. But now he's what Elizabeth Warren would call off the reservation. And of course, there's Tucker, who adds more and not less information to a story that the media claims is bigger than 9/11 and yet when they get all this new stuff, they go after him instead. And why? Because he undermined their corrupt narrative. And there's this an actual senator.

SENATE MAJORITY LEADER CHUCK SCHUMER: Last night, millions of Americans tuned in to one of the most shameful hours we have ever seen on cable television... And he's going to come back tonight with another segment. Fox News should tell him not to. I urge Fox News to order Carlson to cease propagating the big lie on his network and to level with their viewers about the truth.

TUCKER CARLSON RELEASES EXCLUSIVE JAN. 6 FOOTAGE, SAYS POLITICIANS, MEDIA LIED ABOUT SICKNICK, 'QANON SHAMAN'

That's one of our oldest senators, you can smell him before he enters the room. It's a combo of Bengay and ----. He's calling a private company to censor an employee. I think it's good to hear that out in the open because, you know, they always say the First Amendment only applies to the public sphere. But when the government puts its thumb on a private company, that's censorship, too. And now the FTC is asking Elon Musk to identify all journalists who had access to Twitter Files. Any word from any media reporters? Nope. I haven't seen a media this speechless since The View discovered an old donut in Joy Behar's armpit. And today, this is from today, watch how these Democrats treat Matt Taibbi.

REP. SYLVIA GARCIA: When was the first time that Mr. Musk approached you about writing the Twitter Files?

MATT TAIBBI: You're asking a journalist to reveal his source?

REP. SYLVIA GARCIA: So, then you consider Mr. Musk to be the direct source of all of this?

MATT TAIBBI: No. Now you're, you're trying to get me to say that he is the source.

REP. SYLVIA GARCIA: If you're telling me you can't answer because he's your source, well, then the only logical conclusion is that he is, in fact, your source.

MATT TAIBBI: Well, you're free to conclude that.

REP. SYLVIA GARCIA: Well, sir, I just don't understand. You can't have it both ways.

REP. JIM JORDAN: No, he can. He's a journalist.

REP. SYLVIA GARCIA: No he can't.

FTC RIPPED FOR GOING AFTER ELON MUSK: 'CLASSIC LEFT IDEOLOGY - GO AFTER THEM, TRASH THE FIRST AMENDMENT'

I guess if democracy dies in darkness, they're the ones turning off the lights. So it's an implosion of a two party system, but not in government, it's the media. We've been stuck in the prison of two ideas for so long. You have two choices, left or right, but now it's falling apart.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

People like Brand, Tucker, Rogan, Glenn Greenwald, Matt Taibbi, they're voices that identify with no one, and yet millions identify with them. If that's how the future looks, we should all be happy. And it's thanks in no small part to the epic journey of Mr. Russell Brand, may continue says this flapping anus.NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

New York City Mayor Eric Adams made headlines on Feb. 28 when he said, "When we took prayers out of schools, guns came in schools… Don’t tell me about no separation of church and state. State is the body. Church is the heart. You take the heart out of the body, the body dies." In true form, the liberal media jumped into outrage mode. CNN labeled the comments "controversial" and "alarming;" The New York Times went with "surreal;" and an opinion writer at MSNBC described Adams’s "theocratic impulses."

But Mayor Adams was exactly right in questioning the secular’s sacrosanct "separation of church and state." While the Constitution is clear that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion," the term "separation of church and state" is nowhere in our founding documents.

Despite this, the concept has been used to create a "religion of secularism" – the very outcome that the Supreme Court repeatedly warned against for decades. In my forthcoming book "Serenity in the Storm: Living through Chaos by Leaning on Christ," I explore the way in which God has been excised from society contrary to what our Founders intended.

NYC MAYOR ERIC ADAMS SAYS WHEN AMERICA 'TOOK PRAYERS OUT OF SCHOOLS, GUNS CAME INTO SCHOOLS'

In the nearly six decades since prayer was exiled from our nation’s schools, America has seen not "neutrality" toward religion but rather overt "hostility." Just a glimpse at case law pertaining to religion in our nation’s schools tells the story.

In 1985, for example, the court struck down an Alabama law allowing a sixty-second moment of silence "for meditation or voluntary prayer" in school. Student-led prayer before a football game at Santa Fe High School—even if "nonsectarian [and] nonproselytizing"—was barred. Likewise, a rabbi could not offer a prayer at a public middle school graduation ceremony.

Nor could the Virginia Military Institute recite a daily prayer before dinner with its cadets. The hostility toward faith from the court made its way into school curricula with the court striking down a Louisiana law called "The Balanced Treatment for Creation-Science and Evolution-Science Act," which mandated that where evolution is taught in school, creationism must be taught as well.

Pew surveys the aforementioned cases in more detail and points out that "[a]s a result [of the evolution decision], school boards have lost virtually every fight over curriculum changes designed to challenge evolution, including disclaimers in biology textbooks."

In New York, a federal court upheld the New York City Department of Education’s policy that allowed "[t]he display of secular holiday symbol decorations…includ[ing but not limited to], Christmas trees, menorahs, and the [Islamic] star and crescent" even though, according to Pew, "It explicitly forbids the display of a Christmas nativity scene in public schools."

Meanwhile, in Denver, a teacher was stopped from silently reading his Bible during a 15-minute "silent reading period" in his fifth-grade classroom, where students were free to read any book of their choice. The school additionally forced the teacher, Mr. Roberts, to remove the Bible from his desk while permitting him "to teach actively about Navajo Indian religion" and "read silently a book dealing with the life of Buddha and keep it on his desk for some period." The court admitted that the teacher, Mr. Roberts, "never read from the Bible aloud nor overtly proselytized about his faith to his students," but because he had a poster referencing "the hand of God" in his classroom as he silently read his Bible, the court found that Mr. Roberts had inappropriately "created the appearance that Mr. Roberts was seeking to advance his religious views."

CHRISTIANITY QUICKLY DIMINISHING IN US, ON PACE TO BECOME MINORITY RELIGION IN DECADES: STUDY

As you can see, for decades, courts across the country slowly whittled away at the free exercise of faith in our schools. Ironically, even in Schempp—Murray O’Hair’s case that ended prayer in schools—the court admonished against expelling religion altogether in a way that would establish a so-called "religion of secularism."

Citing the 1952 case, Zorach v. Clauson, the majority in Schempp went on to issue a very important admonition: "We agree, of course, that the State may not establish a ‘religion of secularism’ in the sense of affirmatively opposing or showing hostility to religion, thus preferring those who believe in no religion over those who do believe."

Regrettably, the court’s warning against a "religion of secularism" was unheeded, for that is exactly what has developed in America’s schools and society more broadly.

Yet, just a cursory look at history and tradition shows that the Founding Fathers intended the exact opposite. In the case Elk Grove Unified School District v. Newdow, a parent argued that children in the classroom hearing—even if not reciting—"under God" in the Pledge of Allegiance violated the First Amendment’s Establishment Clause.

Amazingly, the notoriously liberal Ninth Circuit agreed that the words "under God" violated the Constitution, though the court later backtracked on this decision. When the initial ruling of the Ninth Circuit reached the Supreme Court, the parent who brought the suit lost on a technicality, meaning that justices did not have to answer the substantive question at hand. Four justices, however, penned concurrences arguing that reciting the pledge in school did not violate the Constitution.

In his concurrence, Justice William Rehnquist wrote, "The phrase ‘under God’ in the pledge seems, as a historical matter, to sum up the attitude of the Nation’s leaders, and to manifest itself in many of our public observances." Rehnquist then proceeds to outline the place of God in America’s history. On April 30, 1789, at the first inauguration of President George Washington, Washington placed his hand on the Bible and turned to Psalm 121:1, which reads, "I raise my eyes toward the hills. Whence shall my help come."

Washington then recited the Presidential Oath of Office, ending with the words, "So help me God"—words still used to the this day at the presidential inauguration. During the first Thanksgiving Proclamation, Washington referenced the "favors of Almighty God," "obey[ing] His will," and being "grateful for his benefits, and humbly to implore his protection and favor…." As Rehnquist remarked, "Almost all succeeding Presidents have issued similar Thanksgiving proclamations."

During what is perhaps the most famous presidential address ever given, the Gettysburg Address of 1863, President Abraham Lincoln vowed, "[W]e here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain—that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom…." Lincoln, likewise, invoked God during his second inaugural address on March 4, 1865, saying, "[w]ith malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right…."

Rehnquist goes on to note that when President Woodrow Wilson declared war against Germany in 1917, he mentioned "God helping" America; when President Franklin Delano Roosevelt took office during the Great Depression, he "humbly ask[ed for] the blessing of God"; and, on D-Day, General Dwight D. Eisenhower told the Allied Forces, "Good Luck! And let us all beseech the blessings of Almighty God upon this great and noble undertaking." Moreover, during the treacherous Civil War, "In God We Trust" was added to the US currency. In 1956, Congress officially made "In God We Trust" our country’s motto. And our National Anthem, "The Star-Spangled Banner," has "In God is our trust" in the final verse.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

Taken together, Rehnquist writes this in response to the challenge of "under God" in our pledge, "The Constitution only requires that schoolchildren be entitled to abstain from the ceremony if they chose to do so. To give the parents of such a child a sort of ‘heckler’s veto’ over a patriotic ceremony willingly participated in by other students, simply because the Pledge of Allegiance contains the descriptive phrase ‘under God,’ is an unwarranted extension of the Establishment Clause, an extension which would have the unfortunate effect of prohibiting commendable patriotic observance."

I venture to say that our Founding Fathers would have agreed. In his book, William Murray [the son of famous atheist Madalyn Murray O’Hair, who later rejected his mother’s views and converted to Christianity,] explores the views of various thought leaders surrounding the founding of our country. John Locke—perhaps the greatest influence on our Founding Fathers and the Declaration of Independence—argued for the separation of church and state while also saying this of education in a letter to a friend: "With the reading of history I think the study of morality should be joined. I mean not the ethics of the Schools fitted to dispute, but…Aristotle, and above all the New Testament [which] teaches wherein a man may learn how to live…."

The term "separation of church and state"—while found nowhere in our founding documents—was used by Thomas Jefferson in this manner: the "legislature should ‘make no law respecting the establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof,’ thus building a wall of separation between church and state."

Murray makes an important and often ignored note—that Jefferson made his famous "separation of church and state" reference, ascribing it specifically to the legislature, not public schools. Setting this statement aside, Jefferson made ample references to morality and virtue, writing this in a letter: "The defect of these virtues can never be made up by all the other acquirements of body and mind." In other words, Jefferson understood and had high regard for morality. As Murray writes, "Jefferson’s aim was not separation of church and state but the fullest possible freedom of belief and opinion."

While the prohibition of a national religion is quite clear in the "Establishment Clause," our forefathers never sought to exile religion from school entirely. But that is exactly what has happened, and grave consequences have followed. William Murray noted, "July 17, 1963 was the first day Baltimore’s children could not pray in schools. Before that date, there had never been a murder in a Baltimore school. The nurses gave out aspirins and teachers taught English, math, history and the sciences. Thirty years later, there is a Baltimore schools police force to deal with violence and drugs in schools. The nurses give out condoms and implant birth-control devices that allow teen-age girls to have unprotected sex."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Those were Murray’s words in 1993, 30 years after prayer was taken out of our schools. Now, almost 60 years later, where are we? Teachers are convincing middle school students, without parental notice, that they may be a different gender. Kindergarteners are learning about sexuality and body parts. Toxic social media, suicide, and fentanyl overdoses plague our nation’s young people. Alongside the removal of God from education has come a series of ills that have tormented a generation.

Nevertheless, the tide very well may be turning.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE FROM KAYLEIGH McENANYNEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

The cherry blossoms aren’t the only things blooming early this year in Washington. Radical ideas have been blossoming in the D.C. City Council, too—ideas that will both disenfranchise and endanger the city’s citizens.

The Council’s radical rewrite of D.C’s criminal code has received a lot of attention—and rightfully so. Crime is so bad in the District right now, robbers are demanding the coats off of their victims’ backs. Seemingly no one is safe. Rep. Angie Craig was literally assaulted in her apartment building on the way to vote on whether to override the Council’s irresponsible criminal code revisions that will give criminals a get-out-of-jail free card. (Needless to say, she voted to override it).

Yet, the D.C. Council and other D.C. statehood activists have decried these override attempts as an inappropriate intrusion on D.C.’s local autonomy. They say if local citizens don’t like the law, they can kick them out of office.

Never mind the Constitution explicitly gives Congress the responsibility of overseeing the nation’s capital to ensure that local, partisan politics don’t interfere with or threaten the work of Congress.

SENATE DEMS OVERWHELMINGLY VOTE WITH GOP TO OVERTURN CONTROVERSIAL DC CRIME LAW

The Council apologists conveniently ignore that the Council passed another bill that would disenfranchise and dilute the vote of every citizen living within the District—making it harder to kick the reckless members out of office.

Late last year, the Council passed a bill allowing any adult who had resided within the District for 30 days to vote in the District’s local elections. We’ve written about other cities, like San Francisco and New York, which have tried something similar. But even their attempts weren’t so brazen.

The Washington Post’s editorial board called the bill a "bad idea" because "[v]oting is a foundational right of citizenship." It explained that "[t]here’s noting in this measure to prevent employees at embassies of governments that are openly hostile to the United States from casting ballots."

Imagine: Russian and Chinese embassy staff members – as well as "reporters" at the bureaus of Pravda and The People’s Daily – could carpool to cast votes in local elections in our nation’s capital—laughing all the way! It’s absurd and embarrassing and downright dangerous.

Not to worry, though, illegal aliens and foreign exchange students can likely vote too.

The Washington Post also candidly acknowledged that the "proposed law presents logistical nightmares that will require the Board of Elections to print separate ballots so that noncitizens don’t vote in federal races." Good luck smoothly implementing that plan.

Fortunately, the House of Representatives voted to override this proposal along with D.C.’s new criminal-friendly code.

But the Senate’s been slower to move. Each chamber of Congress has 60 days to review any criminal justice-related bill from the D.C. Council but only 30 days to review all other bills.

Because of this, the D.C. Council preemptively declared on Feb. 23 that the alien voting bill had become law because the Senate had not acted quickly enough.

Not so fast though. It turns out that the House and the Senate received the bill at different times. The Senate Parliamentarian claims that while "the House received the bill Jan. 10, the Senate did not receive it until Jan. 30," meaning that "the review period for the bill will end on March 14—or 30 days after the Senate received the bill."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

It comes down to a dispute about whether transmittal by the Council or official notation in the Congressional Record triggers the clock. The Senate Parliamentarian says the latter controls, so the D.C. Council’s contrary, self-serving interpretation is irrelevant. Not to mention that these are legislative (not calendar) days, so weekends, holidays, and non-session days don’t count either.

While time is still short—and it’s likely difficult to get a disapproval resolution passed in that short time—the Senate should make disapproving this alien voting law a priority.

It’s Congress’s constitutional responsibility to oversee affairs in our nation’s capital. Members of the House have done their duty; now it’s time for senators to do theirs to protect the voting rights of the city’s citizens.

At a minimum, let’s hope that foreign diplomats don’t get carjacked on their way to cast ballots in our nation’s capital—though that’s no guarantee either.

Hans von Spakovsky is a senior legal fellow and manager of the Election Law Reform Initiative in the Heritage Foundation’s Meese Center for Legal and Judicial Studies.

CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM ZACK SMITH

CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM HANS VON SPAKOVSKYNEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

Drug smuggling has increased by nearly 600 percent over the last two years. Border encounters have skyrocketed 1,500 percent under President Joe Biden. Meanwhile, U.S. Border Patrol agent staffing is down.

These numbers are not from America’s southern border. They are from our northern border.

The border between the United States and Canada is the longest international border in the entire world – a massive 5,525 miles from Alaska to Maine. Yet, it remains largely unsecured and overexposed. We represent two of those states – Pennsylvania and Montana – each with unique stories and experiences of how the Biden administration’s failed immigration policies have turned every state into a border state.

That is why we recently launched the Northern Border Security Caucus, a coalition of 28 members of Congress who share our vision of securing all of America’s borders and ensuring that the 13 border states and five Great Lakes in the north are receiving the attention and resources they deserve.

SEN. RISCH INTRODUCES SWEEPING BORDER SECURITY BILL TO EXTEND TITLE 42, RESUME WALL CONSTRUCTION

By calling attention to the northern border, we do not want to minimize the record illegal immigration, drug smuggling and crime that have ravaged communities along the U.S.-Mexico border. Instead, we are amplifying that message. More must be done to secure all of our borders; to protect our communities from deadly drugs; and to give leaders from northern states a greater voice in solving our nation’s troubled immigration system.

For those 5,525 miles between the U.S. and Canada, there are just 115 official ports of entry. In a 2019 analysis, the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) concluded that "while (U.S. Customs & Border Protection) has performance measures… some of which include data from the Northern border, it does not have specific measures to assess its effectiveness at securing the Northern border between ports of entry."

Somehow, there is no real measurement of who is crossing into the United States from the north, what they are bringing, and where they are going.

What we do know is this: migrants and smugglers are seeking alternative routes into the United States and the northern border is increasingly their first stop. In many cases, they are never caught. Like the southern border, that means the numbers of illegal migrants entering the United States is much higher than records show. In other cases, they end tragically. In January 2022, we learned about the deaths of four Indian migrants who died in Canada due to exposure to extreme weather while illegally trying to cross into the United States. In January, two men were charged with human trafficking in their deaths.

For American communities, illegal drug smuggling may be the biggest current threat. Fentanyl trafficking has become a poster child for the porous southern border. The devastating impacts this lethal drug can have on a community are very well-documented. Since fiscal year 2021, the northern border has seen a 26 percent jump in fentanyl apprehension. Ecstasy: a whopping 1,736 percent.

While the southern and northern borders have different circumstances and their own unique challenges, they require similar solutions. Key among them: Border Patrol needs more agents.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER

As record levels of border encounters and drug smuggling continue to increase, U.S. Border Patrol staffing on the northern border has remained flat since fiscal year 2009. Yet, officials from northern Border Patrol stations tell us they have assumed additional work to support southern border agents – specifically, digitally processing illegal migrants who have been apprehended at the southern border – because they are overwhelmed with the surge of migrants. In the north, this means agents are inside at a desk, not outside patrolling land or water. We must provide increased funding for more agents and improved technology. This mandate would go a long way toward securing all of our borders.

Although we serve on House committees that address policies other than immigration, like so many in Congress, this issue found us. Whether it was the Biden administration dropping off nearly 150 migrant children under the darkness of night in northwest Pennsylvania without notification; or the stories of deputized posses forced to patrol the Montana mountainside to combat drug traffickers, we were quickly exposed to the realities that open-border policies can impose upon communities thousands of miles away from the southwest United States.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Through the work of our new caucus, and that of House Republicans at large, we plan to show the Biden administration that our broken immigration system isn’t simply a talking point: it’s a critical issue that affects our entire country.

Members of Congress from both the north and the south have practical solutions to the joint border crises at hand. We plan to give a greater voice to the American people who, until now, have been left out of the conversation.

CLICK HERE TO READ MORE BY REP. MIKE KELLY

Republican Rep. Ryan Zinke represents Montana’s 1st Congressional District and serves on the House Appropriations Committee. He previously served as secretary of the Interior under former President Donald Trump.