EXCLUSIVE: The chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee is warning that the tax hikes in President Biden’s proposed budget would have a "devastating" effect on Americans across the country.

"It means a working-class (American) is going to have to pay more to put food on the table, clothes on their backs and gasoline in their cars, because this incredible spending will only fuel inflation. These Biden taxes will only reduce the take home pay for all Americans," Rep. Jason Smith, R-Mo., told Fox News Digital in an interview Friday.

"Whether you make less than $400,000 a year or whether you make more than $400,000 a year, the policies within this proposal are going to be devastating."

Smith was referring to one of the marquee points of Biden’s progressive fiscal 2024 agenda: an income tax hike from 37% to 39.6% on Americans whose earnings are in the top tax bracket. In total, the plan calls for more than $2 trillion in tax increases on the wealthy the White House claims will offset federal deficits by the same amount over 10 years.

YELLEN ANSWERS WHETHER IRS WILL CONSIDER RACE, GENDER IN AUDITS AS PART OF BIDEN'S ‘EQUITY’ PUSH

Biden is also proposing to raise the corporate tax rate from 21%, where it was rolled back to during the Trump administration, to 28%.

Smith also pointed to the president’s proposal to roll back fossil fuel subsidies and other measures that House Republicans say would result in a $37 billion tax hike on the American energy industry. All told, these changes would trickle down to consumers, raising prices across the board.

WERFEL CONFIRMED AS NEXT IRS HEAD

"That will affect every American," the chairman said, adding that Biden’s call to increase IRS funding by 15% after $80 billion was already granted by Biden’s Inflation Reduction Act last year would also make economic conditions tougher for Americans.

"And what is that going for? Enforcement. Just for the sake of monitoring working-class Americans' bank accounts," Smith said.

He argued that "everything in this budget harms middle-class Americans," citing calculations that project $4.7 billion in tax increases if Biden’s plan were to pass.

Smith also cited House GOP calculations that show Main Street businesses would pay $1.8 trillion more under Biden’s plan through an expansion of the small business surtax and other means.

"The last thing this economy needs right now for working-class families is more spending and more increases in taxes. Right now, they lost … months of their salaries over the last two years just because of the cost of inflation. … That happened because of reckless government spending," Smith said.

BIDEN PITCHES SOAK-THE-RICH TAX PLAN: HERE'S WHAT'S IN IT

Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen was on Capitol Hill earlier Friday for a hearing to defend Biden’s budget before Smith’s Ways and Means Committee.

Republicans have been calling on Biden to release his budget proposal since he missed the formal deadline to do so last month, urging him to consider spending cuts before they’ll agree to raise the $31.4 trillion debt ceiling.

But the GOP has ruled out supporting tax hikes as a way to help lower the deficit. And Smith said Friday that Yellen’s testimony and Biden’s plan show the administration is "clearly not" not serious about getting government waste under control.

"This is the largest tax increase that Biden has ever presented, and it is the largest spending he's ever considered. So, if he's really wanting to cut spending and control the fiscal crisis that we're in, he would have presented a budget that would balance at some point. This budget will never balance," Smith said.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The congressman deferred to leaders of the House Budget Committee when asked about whether Republicans’ own fiscal blueprint was in the works but said that talks on how to proceed with the debt limit were ongoing.

"There's a lot of conversations going on right now among Ways and Means Committee members, among all members in Congress, also with senators. And there are multiple avenues of what’s necessary to raise the debt limit," Smith said.

He declined to go into specifics, explaining that Republicans "are not boxing themselves in."

"They just know that we have a tough task before us, and that is we need to address the fiscal insanity that's happening," Smith said.Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., the chairman of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, announced Friday he will block a key Department of Interior (DOI) nominee from moving forward over her climate activism.

Manchin noted that his decision — which effectively kills President Biden's nomination of Laura Daniel-Davis to serve as DOI's assistant secretary for land and minerals management — came in response to an internal agency memo that was leaked last week. The memo showed that Daniel-Davis, who holds a lower position at DOI, signed off on an explicit decision to prioritize climate policies over energy security.

"Today, I have also decided, as chairman of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, that I will not be moving forward the nomination of Laura Daniel-Davis as assistant secretary of the Department of Interior," Manchin wrote in an op-ed for The Houston Chronicle.

"Daniel-Davis approved higher royalty rates for the Alaskan Cook Inlet sale, which were explicitly designed to decrease fossil energy production at the expense of our energy security," he continued. "Even though I supported her in the past, I cannot, in good conscience, support her or anyone else who will play partisan politics and agree with this misguided and dangerous manipulation of the law."

BIDEN ADMIN GIVES TOP ENERGY POST TO CLIMATE ACTIVIST WHO FAILED SENATE CONFIRMATION OVER ETHICS CONCERNS

President Biden first nominated Daniel-Davis for the position in June 2021. Since then, she has appeared in two confirmation hearings before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, but has failed two votes for her nomination to be passed to a floor vote.

The White House announced on Jan. 23 that it would again send the nomination back to the Senate.

BIDEN ADMIN OFFICIAL HIT WITH ETHICS COMPLAINT FOR ROLE IN FEDERAL OIL LEASING PAUSE

Daniel-Davis, who currently serves as principal deputy secretary for land and minerals management, previously served in a leadership position for the National Wildlife Federation, a group that has advocated for far-left climate policies. Senate Republicans have consistently opposed her nomination and expressed concern about her views on energy issues.

"Laura Daniel-Davis’ nomination should have been pulled over a year ago when she first failed to pass committee," Sen. Steve Daines, R-Mont., told Fox News Digital earlier this week. "The latest attack on oil and gas is no surprise. The Biden administration, his out of touch nominees and Senate Democrats have long put the cult of climate change ahead of energy security and local communities."

On March 3, a Bureau of Ocean Energy Management memo addressed to Daniel-Davis was leaked, showing that the agency projected energy security would be bolstered if the administration charged lower royalty rates for an offshore oil and gas lease in Alaska.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"While a 16 ⅔ percent royalty may be more likely to facilitate expeditious and orderly development of [offshore] resources and potentially offer greater energy security to residents of the State of Alaska, a reasonable balancing of the environmental and economic factors for the American public favors the maximum 18 ¾ percent royalty for Cook Inlet leases," the memo stated.

Daniel-Davis ultimately signed off on the maximum royalty rate option without publicly acknowledging the energy security implications of that decision.

The memo resulted in a rebuke from Manchin and additional calls from Republicans like Daines for her nomination to be withdrawn.FIRST ON FOX: The Republican congressman who led the D.C. crime bill in the House warned President Biden against going back on his word of not vetoing the bipartisan legislation.

Rep. Andrew Clyde, R-Ga., told Fox News Digital on Friday that he doesn't expect Biden to go back on his word and veto the legislation overturning the controversial D.C. crime law that has drawn bipartisan criticism.

"If he vetoes it, then he's sending a strong message to the city of Washington, D.C., that he doesn't care about their safety," Clyde warned.

SENATE DEMS OVERWHELMINGLY VOTE WITH GOP TO OVERTURN CONTROVERSIAL DC CRIME LAW

Clyde said that, if Biden were to veto the legislation and go back on his word, the 81-14 spread in the Senate could overturn the veto.

"But since he told the Senate that he would do it if they voted to pass it, and Chuck Schumer voted for it, then I would think that he would stir up a hornet's nest in the Senate if he decides to go back on his word," Clyde said.

"I mean, how can you trust the president then in anything he says if you're a Democrat?" the congressman continued. "I think it would be very problematic for the president in many, many ways."

Clyde said that he believes the overwhelming passage of the bipartisan legislation shows that Congress is "recognizing that the city of Washington, D.C., has a crime problem."

The Georgia Republican noted that other Democrat-led cities like Chicago and New York City are experiencing heavy crime and added that the "Constitution says that Congress has exclusive legislative authority in all cases whatsoever over the federal city."

"So we just don't have the authority; we have the responsibility," he added.

"I stepped in because we had a person, a resident of Washington, D.C., come to us and say, ‘Hey, I'm not getting any support from Democrat leadership. Will you help?’" Clyde said. "And I looked at it and said, "'Absolutely.'"

Clyde called his bill overturning the controversial D.C. crime law a "great win for all of America" and that he looks forward to seeing Biden sign the legislation into law.

The Senate voted 81-14 on Wednesday to block the Washington, D.C., city council’s dramatic overhaul of its criminal code that Republicans and many Democrats complained would ease criminal penalties in a city that is already suffering from rising crime rates.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

In the final vote, only 14 Democrats voted against the resolution aimed at reversing the D.C. law, which was originally the product of the House’s new Republican majority. Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., and most other Democrats voted to kill the D.C. crime law.

Once the resolution is signed by the president, as is expected, it will mark the first time Congress has acted to roll back D.C.’s own self-imposed regulations in more than 30 years, a power Congress has under the Constitution.

Fox News Digital's Elizabeth Elkind contributed reporting.A group of Republican House committee chairmen are sounding the alarm over the U.S. intelligence community's annual threat assessment released earlier this week that warned of "complex" threats from China, Russia, North Korea and others.

In a joint statement issued Friday, House Permanent Select Committee Chairman Rep. Mike Turner, R-Ohio, Homeland Security Committee Chairman Rep. Mark Green, R-Tenn., Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Rep. Michael McCaul, R-Texas, and Armed Services Committee Chairman Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Ala., argued the nation was at a "tipping point" when dealing with outside threats to national security.

"As a nation, we are facing a myriad of threats like never before, from foreign malign actors seeking to undermine our way of life to increasingly aggressive adversaries attempting to displace the United States as a leading power on the world stage," the chairmen wrote.

US INTEL COMMUNITY WARNS OF ‘COMPLEX’ THREATS FROM CHINA, RUSSIA, NORTH KOREA

"This ODNI threat assessment only reinforces the fact that China, Russia, Iran, al-Qaeda, ISIS, and North Korea all present grave threats to our national security that demand sustained attention from Congress," they wrote.

The statement went on to describe the numerous national security threats facing the U.S., including Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the "growing confidence" of al Qaeda following the fall of the Afghan government to the Taliban, the resurgence of ISIS, the espionage and military buildup by the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), and the frequent missile tests conducted by North Korea.

CHINA HAS STOLEN US MILITARY SECRETS TO CREATE FORMIDABLE J-20 KNOCKOFF OF AMERICA'S F-22 RAPTOR: EXPERTS

It also noted the "devastating opioid crisis" being fueled by the fentanyl production and trafficking by "nefarious actors."

"It is evident from this threat assessment that the tactics the CCP uses to accomplish its goals have not worked entirely in its favor, leaving our nation at a tipping point. The CCP must not be underestimated, but the U.S. can still triumph in a peer-to-peer competition with the CCP if our government acts in a swift and unified manner," they wrote.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Ultimately, this threat assessment only reinforces the concerns we have about the U.S. threat posture under the Biden administration. Our committees will continue working together to combat these threats and strengthen our national security, while demanding the Biden administration hold our adversaries accountable in response to acts of aggression," they added.A former Indiana congressman and Persian Gulf War veteran was convicted Friday of insider trading charges after a two-week jury trial.

The verdict against Steve Buyer, a Republican lawyer who served in Congress from 1993 to 2011, was returned after a jury heard evidence about stock purchases he made after he became a consultant and lobbyist.

Buyer once chaired the House Veterans’ Affairs committee and served for a time as a House prosecutor during former President Bill Clinton’s 1998 impeachment trial.

GOP REP. STEVE BUYER TO RETIRE AMID ETHICS PROBE

The jury returned guilty verdicts on four securities fraud charges. Judge Richard M. Berman set sentencing for July 11.

Prosecutors said at trial that Buyer took information from clients and used it to make illegal stock trades.

His lawyers, though, argued that he was a stock market buff who did research that led to legal profitable trades. They said it was a coincidence that his clients purchased two companies that he had invested in.

CLINTON IMPEACHMENT TRIAL: WHAT HAPPENED TO THE HOUSE IMPEACHMENT MANAGERS?

Authorities said Buyer made over $320,000 illegally for himself, relatives and a woman with whom he’d had an affair.

Buyer, 64, was an Army reservist with a solo law practice in Monticello, Indiana, when he was called for active duty during the 1990-91 Gulf War. He served as a legal adviser in a prisoner of war camp.

On returning home, he ran for Congress and unseated three-term Democrat Jim Jontz in 1992.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

While in Washington, Buyer helped draw attention to Gulf War-related illnesses, and he worked on other issues relating to the military, veterans, prescription drugs and tobacco.There oughta be a law….

That’s what millions of Americans may proclaim when they wake up Sunday morning, cursing the fact that Daylight Saving Time embezzled an hour of sleep.

Turns out, in fact there is law.

Several in fact, mandating when Daylight Saving Time begins. When Standard Time begins.

The most prominent law was passage by Congress of the Uniform Time Act in 1966. There was adoption of a massive energy bill in 2004 which shrunk Standard Time to just four months.

And there have only been 112 successful veto overrides by Congress in the history of the U.S. One was on a piece of time legislation after World War I.

People may lament that Congress doesn’t get much done. But it’s an indisputable point that Congress has spent a lot of time legislating about time.

A bipartisan coalition of Democrats and Republicans hopes to do that again soon – permanently parking the U.S. on Daylight Saving Time and never reverting to Standard Time. That would eliminate the biannual "changing of the clocks" ritual and probably make people feel better that they’re not losing an hour of sleep each March.

DAYLIGHT SAVING TIME 2023: WHEN DOES IT BEGIN AND HOW DID IT COME TO BE?

"I would love to see Republicans be the party that stop the stupid clock change every year, twice year," groused Rep. Thomas Massie, R-Ky.

"I think people are tired of switching clocks," said Rep. Michael Waltz, R-Fla. "It throws people off."

Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., is the chief advocate of legislation to eliminate the time change. Rubio and his bipartisan allies stunned the Senate in late March last year when they muscled through a bill to kill the time change.

"Yes!!!" said Sen. Kyrsten Sinema, I-Ariz., in a stage whisper as she presided from the dais over the Senate when it adopted Rubio’s bill and no one objected.

Yet the plan never came up in the House.

The 117th Congress expired in early January without any more action on Rubio’s bill. But just the fact that Rubio’s plan advanced through the Senate indicates that the time change issue is ripening. It may not yet be an idea whose time has come. But there is more energy behind ditching the time change now than there has been in years.

Congress is in charge of time. Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution grants the House and Senate the power to "fix weights and measures." That’s why Congress has legislated time zones and Daylight Saving Time in the past.

"States used to be all over the map prior to the passage of the Uniform Time Act of 1966," said Steve Calandrillo, a professor at the University of Washington who has studied time policy. "We had bunches of states and cities, some on Daylight Saving Time.

YELLEN ANSWERS WHETHER IRS WILL CONSIDER RACE, GENDER IN AUDITS AS PART OF BIDEN'S ‘EQUITY’ PUSH

Some on Standard Time. Minneapolis was on one clock system while St. Paul was on the other."

To some lawmakers, the time switch concept reflects legislation gone awry.

"It’s something probably that people are overthinking," said Rep. Alex Mooney, R-W.V. "It’s a perfect example of how democracy is not working. Not reflecting the majority opinion on this issue."

Congress may have the ability to legislate what time it is. But Einstein determined that time is relative – regardless of what the clock on the wall says

.I was referred a couple of years ago to Demetrios Matsakis. He’s a retried physicist who worked for decades at the Naval Observatory Master Clock in Washington, DC.

My friend, who suggested I phone Matsakis, called him "Dr. Time," – which sounds like a super villain straight out of Marvel Comics. Matsakis served as the chief timekeeper of the U.S. for many years.

The Master Clock at the observatory is the official clock for the U.S., the American military and much of the rest of the world.

"The development of clocks has paralleled the development of civilization," said Matsakis – who incidentally doesn’t wear a watch.

KEVIN MCCARTHY INTENDS TO RESTORE ORDER TO OP HOUSE FOLLOWING 2022 MIDTERM ELECTIONS

In essence, time is a tool, created by humans to help manage life. It tells us when to get up. It tells us when to go to school. It tells us when to harvest the crops.

"There is a satirical poem by a Roman playwright about 200 BCE, where he complains about the fact that they've installed sundials. And now it used to be a stomach told him when to eat. But now he has to look at the sun," said Matsakis.

Time is a measurement documenting cycles of the Earth and the rest of the Solar System. Humans just use time to split life into segments.

"When I was working at the Naval Observatory, some people had a very almost religious attitude about time. And others were more lackadaisical," said Matsakis. "I read once that Napoleon once wanted to have a party and he planned the whole thing meticulously with military precision, and nobody had any fun."

By the same token, Matsakis says that he sometimes tries to estimate how much time has passed in a given setting.

"Once I did an experiment and I discovered that drinking one whiskey sour slowed my perception of time down by 10 percent," said Matsakis.

Again, time is relative. But yet time marches relentlessly forward.

Which brings us back to Capitol Hill and the debate over actually legislating what time it is.

The U.S. first went to Daylight Saving Time to conserve energy. There has always been an argument that the shift saves energy. But not everyone is convinced.

"It was thought that Daylight Savings Time and shifting back and forth, though a hassle obviously will reduce total electric usage. And I haven't seen any more recent study and obviously with all electric cars that electric usage today is different than it was a hundred years ago," said Rep. Brad Sherman, D-Calif.

And while eliminating the time may get rid of the nuisance of switching the clocks twice a year – it’s always going to be too light early in the morning part of the year somewhere and too dark in the evening someplace too.

The amount of sunlight and darkness is finite. It’s just the hands on the clocks which change.

BAD TICKER: DOES DAYLIGHT SAVING TIME CAUSE 'BIOLOGICAL CLOCK SHOCK' TO YOUR HEART?

So should the U.S. be all on Daylight Saving Time or Standard Time, year round?

"There is no perfect solution," said Matsakis. "It’s all a compromise. The compromise can depend on where you live. If you live up north, that’s one thing. If you live down in Florida, that’s another."

Hence, the reason the U.S. switches the clocks twice a year. It’s a legislative compromise. And that’s all legislation is anyway: compromise.

Matsakis isn’t so sure it’s a great idea to shift the U.S. permanently to Daylight Saving Time.

"We tried going to permanent Daylight time in (the 1970s) and it was very unpopular. So we stopped doing it," said Matsakis.

President Richard Nixon shifted the clocks ahead an hour for two years via executive order to combat the OPEC oil embargo. But then the nation resumed the usual time change rituals.

So for now, there is a law about Daylight Saving Time. And it kicks in early Sunday morning.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

And if some lawmakers have their way, there oughta be another law.

But laws are a little like time: both are constructs of humankind.

The only constants are the sunlight and the darkness and what we make of it. And that’s something which can’t be legislated from Capitol Hill.FIRST ON FOX: Rep. Chip Roy, R-Texas, is introducing legislation that would designate Mexican drug cartels as Foreign Terrorist Organizations (FTO) in response to the ongoing trafficking of migrants and deadly drugs in the U.S. being facilitated by those cartels.

The Drug Cartel Terrorist Designation Act would require the State Department to designate the Gulf Cartel, the Cartel Del Noreste, the Cartel de Sinaloa, and the Cartel de Jalisco Nueva Generacion as foreign terrorist organizations.

The bill would also require the State Department to issue a report on those cartels and any additional cartels that meet the criteria for such a designation.

Cartels control large sections of the southern border on the Mexican side and facilitate the smuggling of drugs, illicit cargo and illegal migrants across the border – with most migrants having to pay cartel smugglers in order to be able to cross illegally into the United States.

MEXICAN PRESIDENT THREATENS TO MEDDLE IN US ELECTIONS WITH ‘INFORMATION CAMPAIGN’ AGAINST REPUBLICANS

The violent nature of the cartels was highlighted last week when four Americans were kidnapped during a shootout -- two of whom were killed.

In a statement to Fox News Digital, Roy said the kidnapping "clearly illustrates the fact that cartels are no longer just drug-running gangs."

"They are bold enough to kidnap and kill foreign nationals in broad daylight; there is no limit to the inhumane methods they will use to achieve their ultimate end — profiting off of human suffering," he said. "This most recent atrocity adds to the already massive human toll including 72,000 dead Americans from fentanyl poisoning, more than 1,000 dead migrants along our border, and countless human and sex trafficking victims."

"Enough words; it's time for Congress to act," he said.

The State Department says that such designations "play a critical role in our fight against terrorism" and allow the U.S. to crack down on material and financial support for those groups. It is illegal for Americans to support terrorist organizations.

AMERICAN FENTANYL CRISIS ‘UNLEASHED ON PURPOSE’ BY MEXICAN DRUG CARTELS, AG GARLAND SAYS

Should the cartels be designated, they would join groups like ISIS and its affiliates, Al Qaeda and the Revolutionary Armed Force of Colombia -- People’s Army currently on the list.

"It's long past time to designate these cartels as the terrorists they are and give U.S. authorities the tools needed to take them down," Roy said. "That's why I started pushing the Trump administration for FTO designations during my first few months in Congress, why I introduced this legislation last Congress, and why I'm introducing it again."

The bill has 21 co-sponsors including Reps. Dan Bishop, R-N.C., Lisa McClain, R-Mich, Tom Tiffany, R-Wis., Andy Biggs, R-Ariz., Byron Donalds, R-Fla., and Beth Van Duyne, R-Texas.

Attorney General Merrick Garland recently told lawmakers that the fentanyl crisis was unleashed "on purpose" by the cartels and that he did not oppose designating cartels as FTOs although he did express concern about the potential diplomatic impact with Mexico of such designations. Garland did concede, however, that while Mexico was helping the U.S. in the fight against fentanyl smuggling, "they could be doing a lot more."

Roy’s bill comes amid a fresh push by some Republicans for greater action against the cartels, both in light of the deaths of two Americans at the hands of cartels and the ongoing fentanyl crisis. Fentanyl is 50-100 times more potent than morphine and is produced in Mexico with Chinese precursors.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Sens. Rick Scott, R-Fla., and Roger Marshall, R-Kansas introduced a bill this week that would also designate cartels as FTOs. Meanwhile, Sen. Lindsey Graham. R-S.C., called for military action against the cartels.

That sparked pushback from Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, who threatened to launch an "information campaign" against Republicans and falsely claimed that fentanyl is not produced in Mexico.

"Here, we do not produce fentanyl, and we do not have consumption of fentanyl," he said. "Why don't they [the United States] take care of their problem of social decay?"