A strange formation that resembles a bear's face was captured on the surface of the Red Planet by NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter last month.

Two perfectly placed craters make up the eyes, a hill with a "V-shaped collapse structure" makes up the nose, and a circular fracture pattern forms the head, according to the University of Arizona's Lunar and Planetary Laboratory, which controls the orbiter's camera.

"The circular fracture pattern might be due to the settling of a deposit over a buried impact crater," the lab explained. "Maybe the nose is a volcanic or mud vent and the deposit could be lava or mud flows?"

The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, which lifted off from Earth in 2005, is just one of multiple spacecrafts NASA is using to explore the Red Planet.

NASA MARS ROVER DISCOVERS WEIRD STRING-LIKE OBJECT THAT GOES VIRAL

Last year, the Curiosity rover snapped a photo of what appears to be a door carved into the otherworldly landscape. The internet went wild with speculation, but the Curiosity team later clarified that it's just "a natural geologic feature."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

NASA retired the InSight Mars lander after four years on the planet last month after it ran out of power.

Perseverance, NASA's other rover on the Red Planet, has been collecting rock samples with its robotic arm and exploring Mars' landscape since 2021.The likelihood of the eruption of Alaska's Tanaga volcano, located in the Aleutians, increased over the past two days.

The Alaska Volcano Observatory said late Thursday that earthquake activity had become more frequent and had continued. The volcano alert level was raised from advisory to watch.

"Over the past 48 hours, earthquake activity near Tanaga and Takawangha volcanoes has been elevated and continues," it said in a Facebook post. "This sustained activity indicates an increased potential for eruption on Tanaga Island."

ALASKA VOLCANO DORMANT FOR A CENTURY DELIVERING OMINOUS WARNING SIGNS: 'SIGNIFICANT UNREST'

It also raised the advisory for Takawangha volcano.

"If an eruption were to occur, it is uncertain at this stage if it would come from Tanaga or Takawangha," it added.

NORTHERN LIGHTS DAZZLE ALASKA IN COLORFUL DISPLAY SEEN ON VIDEO

Analysts are continuing to monitor the situation, including earthquakes under Tanaga Island. The seismic events are occurring at a rate of up to several per minute, with the largest event being a 3.9 magnitude quake under the Tanaga volcano.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

No eruptive activity or signs of unrest have been detected in satellite or other monitoring data. Tanaga is monitored with a local seismic network, a single local infrasound sensor, regional infrasound and lightning sensors and satellite imagery.Southwest Florida beaches are littered with various sizes of fish and eels-- all dead-- that washed ashore following a red tide that has been reported along the once pristine beaches. Following the red tide, Fort Meyers shared that the town plans to use heavy equipment to remove the creatures.

A video posted on social media by Suzanne Stoker shows countless fish and other marine life washed ashore Fort Meyer's Beach.

Last week, the Florida Department of Health in Lee County issued a health alert after waters around Lynn Hall Memorial Park near Times Square on Fort Myers Beach were tested and found to have alert levels of red tide.

"An increased level of dead fish washing up with tides can be caused by Red Tide, which is a toxic algae bloom that periodically happens," Fort Myers town spokesperson Jennifer Dexter shared in a statement.

According to the Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission (FWC), red tide occurs "when microscopic algae multiply to higher-than-normal concentrations." Also known as harmful algal blooms (HABs) the red tide in Southwest Florida is K. brevis. This specific species produces brevetoxins, which is capable of killing fish, birds and other marine life. The FWC also said it can be harmful to humans and cause respiratory issues.

On Monday, Feb. 27, the Town of Fort Myers Beach announced that staff has, "been working on the beach daily to remove an increasing amount of dead fish that have started washing up daily." The town is using equipment from Lee County and started working on clearing the beaches on Tuesday, Feb. 26.

"The Town’s Environmental Services Manager started working last week with the Florida Department of Environmental Protection (FDEP) to receive official approval in the form of a permit to use heavier equipment to remove the fish." Dexter shared.

According to the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission, dead fish and eels also been reported in Pinellas, Manatee, Sarasota, Charlotte, Lee, and Collier counties.The National Park Service said Wednesday that peak bloom for the world-famous Washington, D.C., cherry trees around the Tidal Basin and the Washington Monument is predicted to fall between March 22 and 25.

The trees, represented by 12 different varieties, were given as a gift from Japan in 1912. While the initial gift totaled 3,020 trees, there are now approximately 3,800 cherry trees within the park.

Peak bloom is defined as the time when 70% of the Yoshino cherry blossoms are open.

This time varies annually depending on weather conditions.

LINCOLN MEMORIAL MUSEUM, EXHIBITS PART OF $69 MILLION UPGRADE PROJECT: 'CRUCIBLE OF AMERICAN DEMOCRACY'

However, the most likely time to reach peak bloom is between the last week of March and the first week of April.

Previously, extraordinarily warm or cool temperatures have resulted in peak bloom as early as March or as late as April.

ON THIS DAY IN HISTORY, MARCH 1, 1872, MAJESTIC YELLOWSTONE BECOMES AMERICA'S FIRST NATIONAL PARK

Forecasting the bloom is almost impossible more than 10 days in advance, as development is dependent on conditions. National Park Service horticulturists monitor bud development and report the status of the blossoms.

The Yoshino trees typically bloom for several days, although the length of the blooming period is dependent upon the weather. Cool and calm weather can extend the length of the bloom and a rainy or windy day can bring an end to the blossoms.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

A late frost can prevent the trees from blooming at all.

The 2023 National Cherry Blossom Festival dates are March 20 through April 16.The Alaska Volcano Observatory raised the alert level to advisory status for Tanaga Volcano on Tuesday following a series of earthquakes.

"Earthquake activity beneath Tanaga Volcano began to increase slowly starting at about 1:30 p.m. AKST today. At roughly 8:45 p.m. AKST this evening, the activity escalated with earthquakes occurring as often as two or three each minute," the office said in a Facebook post.

The largest of the quakes have magnitudes between 2.0 and 3.0, with initial locations at shallow depths beneath the volcano's summit.

"That indicates that we’re seeing significant unrest at the volcano," John Power, a research geophysicist with the U.S. Geological Survey stationed in Anchorage at the Alaska Volcano Observatory, told The Associated Press.

NORTHERN LIGHTS DAZZLE ALASKA IN COLORFUL DISPLAY SEEN ON VIDEO

"Whether or not this will lead to an eruption is something we can’t say at this point in time," he noted. "But we are concerned about it enough that we have gone and elevated the warning level."

Tanaga Volcano stands at 5,925 feet tall and is located in the western Aleutians. There are no communities or structures there, but Adak is about 65 miles away and could see ash fall.

2 DIE FROM CHOLERA IN SYRIA AFTER A DEVASTATING EARTHQUAKE DAMAGES HEALTH, WATER INFRASTRUCTURE

The last known eruption for Tanaga was in 1914. If the volcano were to erupt, the biggest threat would be to aircraft.

"It’s very different than what you would see, for example, in Hawaii, Kilauea or Mauna Loa, where you see these beautiful red rivers of lava flowing down the side of the volcano," Power said.

There are no known eruptions of the Takawangha or Sajaka Volcanoes, which are also on the island.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

However, field work has indicated that eruptions may have occurred from those volcanoes and were attributed to Tanaga.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.NASA's Curiosity rover has recently discovered rippled rock textures that suggest lakes existed in a region of ancient Mars that scientists had expected to be drier.

Rock layers at the "sulfate-bearing unit" formed in drier settings than regions explored earlier in the mission, and the area's sulfates are believed to have been left behind when water was drying to just a trickle.

However, when the rover arrived there last fall, the team was surprised to find the "clearest evidence yet of ancient water ripples that formed within lakes."

"This is the best evidence of water and waves that we’ve seen in the entire mission," Ashwin Vasavada, Curiosity’s project scientist at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory, said in a statement. "We climbed through thousands of feet of lake deposits and never saw evidence like this – and now we found it in a place we expected to be dry."

NASA CAPTURES PHOTO OF 'BEAR'S FACE' ON THE SURFACE OF MARS

Billions of years ago, NASA said, waves on the surface of a shallow lake stirred up sediment at the bottom, creating the rippled rock textures.

Climbing nearly half a mile above the base of Mount Sharp, the rover found the textures preserved in the "Marker Band," which is a thin layer of dark rock that stands out from the rest of the mountain. The rock layer is so hard that Curiosity has not been able to drill a sample from it after several attempts, and scientists will be looking for softer rock in coming weeks.

NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON SAYS JAMES WEBB SPACE TELESCOPE IS WINDOW TO UNIVERSE 'NEVER BEFORE ACHIEVED'

Another clue within the Marker Band is an unusual rock texture that was likely caused by some sort of regular cycle in the weather or climate.

In addition, NASA said that scientists can see another clue to the history of Mars' water in a valley named Gediz Vallis. Scientists suspect that wet landslides occurred there – resulting in debris – and a channel running through the valley that starts on Mount Sharp is thought to have been eroded by a small river.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The rover team hopes to have another chance to survey the debris at the Gediz Vallis Ridge.The squishy outer shell of Venus may be resurfacing the planet, according to researchers.

Using three-decade-old data from NASA's Magellan mission, agency scientists examined how Venus cools, finding that thin regions of the planet's uppermost layer may have an answer.

By making measurements of quasi-circular geological features on Venus called "coronae" in the Magellan images, the team concluded that coronae tend to be located where the planet’s lithosphere is at its thinnest and most active.

A thin lithosphere allows more heat to escape from the planet’s interior via buoyant plumes of molten rock rising to the outer layer, according to NASA. Where there's enhanced heat flow, there's increased volcanic activity below the surface, so coronae likely reveal locations where active geology is shaping Venus’ surface.

EARTH-SIZED EXOPLANET DISCOVERED USING NASA DATA

Focusing on 65 unstudied coronae, the group measured the depth of the trenches and ridges around each one to calculate the thickness of the lithosphere surrounding them. They found that ridges are spaced closer together in areas where the lithosphere is more flexible. Using computer modeling, they determined that, on average, the lithosphere around each corona is about seven miles thick – much thinner than previous studies suggested.

The regions have an estimated heat flow that is greater than Earth’s average, suggesting that coronae are geologically active.

NEW HUBBLE TELESCOPE IMAGE OF SATURN REVEALS MYSTERIOUS FEATURES

"While Venus doesn’t have Earth-style tectonics, these regions of thin lithosphere appear to be allowing significant amounts of heat to escape, similar to areas where new tectonic plates form on Earth’s seafloor," Suzanne Smrekar, a senior research scientist at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory, said in a statement. Smrekar led the study published in the journal Nature Geoscience.

By counting the number of Venusian impact craters, scientists estimate that its surface is relatively young. Studies suggesting that Venus' youthful-looking surface is likely due to volcanic activity – driving regional resurfacing – are supported by the new research that indicates higher heat flow in coronae regions.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"What’s interesting is that Venus provides a window into the past to help us better understand how Earth may have looked over 2.5 billion years ago. It’s in a state that is predicted to occur before a planet forms tectonic plates," Smrekar said.The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) intentionally destroyed a new H3 rocket just minutes after its launch on Tuesday after the ignition failed for the rocket's second stage.

This incident comes three weeks after an aborted launch due to a different glitch.

The H3 rocket – the country's first new rocket series in over two decades – blasted off from the Tanegashima Space Center.

The second stage had separated as designed and JAXA officials have apologized for the failure.

CHINA CONDUCTS SECRETIVE SPACE WALK IGNORING INTERNATIONAL NORMS: 'CONTEMPT FOR TRANSPARENCY'

It said a command was sent to destroy the $1.47 billion rocket about 14 minutes after liftoff.

JAXA's director for launch implementation, Yasuhiro Funo, said the second stage and its payload fell into the sea off the eastern coast of the Philippines and that the rocket was unsafe and had to be destroyed. No damages or injuries were reported from the rocket.

SCIENTISTS REVEAL NEW CLUES ABOUT HISTORIC TYCHO SUPERNOVA

The rocket was carrying an Advanced Land Observation Satellite (ALOS), which collects data for disaster response and mapmaking, as well as an experimental infrared sensor developed by the Defense Ministry that can monitor military activity, including missile launches.

There is currently no plan for an alternative satellite launch to replace the earlier generation of the ALOS.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Our top priority is to do everything we can to find the cause and regain the trust in our rockets," JAXA President Hiroshi Yamakawa told reporters. "We need to figure out what we should do to successfully achieve the next launch."

The Associated Press contributed to this report.NASA was given a "Go" for the launch of a four-man crew to the International Space Station from Cape Canaveral, Florida during the early morning hours on Monday.

In a blog on the space agency’s website, NASA said the Launch Readiness Review for SpaceX Crew-6 was good to go for a liftoff targeted for 1:45 a.m. from Launch Complex 39A at Kennedy Space Center.

The four-man crew, consisting of NASA astronauts Stephen Bowen and Warren "Woody" Hoburg, United Arab Emirates astronaut Sultan Alneyadi and Roscosmos cosmonaut Andrey Fedyaev, will spend nearly 25 hours in the SpaceX Dragon capsule as it catches up to the ISS.

WEBB TELESCOPE DATA HELPS UNCOVER WHAT APPEAR TO BE MASSIVE GALAXIES NEAR COSMIC DAWN

According to NASA, the crew is expected to dock with the space station at 2:38 a.m. on Tuesday.

Once there, all four crew members will remain in the microgravity laboratory for about six months, where they will conduct science experiments and maintenance.

Coverage of the launch will begin at 10:15 p.m. on Sunday, which can be found on NASA TV or NASA.gov.

NASA CONFIRMS HALF-TON METEOR CRASHED IN SOUTH TEXAS

Crew-6 is the sixth crew rotation using SpaceX’s human space transportation system, as well as the program's seventh flight with astronauts.

The crew will board the Dragon Endeavour, which was previously used for Demo-2, Crew-2, and Axiom Mission 1, NASA said on its website.

Once the rocket lifts off, it will reach an orbital velocity of 17,500 mph just before separation of the capsule and booster.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The Dragon capsule will start out attached to the Falcon 9 booster, which is fueled with liquid oxygen and rocket grade kerosene, and powered by nine SpaceX Merlin engines.A piece of the SS Savannah was likely found on a New York shoreline following Tropical Storm Ian last fall.

After becoming the first vessel to cross the Atlantic Ocean partly under steam power, the ship ran aground and broke apart more than 200 years ago.

The 13-foot, square piece of wreckage was located off Fire Island in October.

It is now in the custody of the Fire Island Lighthouse Preservation Society, which is working with the National Park Service to identify it and put it on public display.

LONG-LOST IRONTON SHIP IS FOUND IN LAKE HURON AFTER ELUDING HUNTERS FOR MORE THAN A CENTURY

Park service officials reportedly said that while it may be difficult to identify the wreckage with full certainty, the Savannah is a top contender among the area's known shipwrecks.

"It was pretty thrilling to find it," said Betsy DeMaria, a museum technician at the park service’s Fire Island National Seashore, told The Associated Press. "We definitely are going to have some subject matter experts take a look at it and help us get a better view of what we have here."

A 3,500-YEAR-OLD BEAR PRESERVED IN SIBERIAN PERMAFROST IS DISSECTED BY RESEARCHERS

Officials also said that the evidence includes the 1-to-1.3-inch wooden pegs in the planks that were consistent with a 100-foot vessel and that the wreckage's iron spikes suggest the vessel was build around 1820.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The SS Savannah was built in 1818 and was 98 feet long. It was transporting cargo between Savannah and New York when it ran aground and later broke apart.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.A newly-detected asteroid with a diameter of about 161 feet has a "very small chance" of striking Earth on Valentine's Day in 2046, NASA's Planetary Defense Coordination Office said Wednesday.

The space rock, dubbed 2023 DW, was first spotted on Feb. 28 and has about a 1-in-625 chance of impacting our planet, according to the latest estimate by the European Space Agency.

"Often when new objects are first discovered, it takes several weeks of data to reduce the uncertainties and adequately predict their orbits years into the future," NASA tweeted Wednesday. "Orbit analysts will continue to monitor asteroid 2023 DW and update predictions as more data comes in."

It's been about a decade since the last major asteroid impacted Earth, when a roughly 50-foot wide meteor exploded over Russia's Ural Mountains, shattering windows and injuring more than 1,000 people.

NASA AND DARPA TO DEVELOP NUCLEAR THERMAL ROCKET ENGINE THAT MAY PUT HUMANS ON MARS: REPORT

NASA's Planetary Defense Coordination Office and other agencies around the world have started tracking near-Earth objects and coming up with a game plan for how to knock a potentially devastating asteroid off its path.

The first Double Asteroid Redirection Test (DART) was completed last year, when a "vending machine-sized spacecraft" collided with the asteroid Dimorphos about seven million miles away from Earth, successfully altering its orbit.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

About 48 tons of harmless meteoritic material strikes Earth every day, the large majority of it burning up as it travels through the atmosphere.The full worm moon was captured in stunning images on Tuesday in skies across the globe.

The moon appeared opposite the sun in Earth-based longitude at 7:40 a.m. EST, according to NASA.

The moon would appear full potentially through early Wednesday night.

The shiny, pearly orb is seen in photos from Lebanon and Italy to San Francisco and New York City.

SCIENTISTS DEBATE WHETHER MOON SHOULD GET ITS OWN TIME ZONE

Per The Maine Farmers' Almanac, the moon is also known as the crow, crust, sap, sugar, chase, pothole, lenten or death moon.

Northeastern Native American tribes knew it as the crow moon, due to the cawing of crows that signaled the end of winter.

The term crust moon was used because the snow cover became crusted from thawing by day and freezing by night.

JAPAN LAUNCHES $1.47B ROCKET, DESTROYS IT AFTER SECOND STAGE FAILURE

The names sugar and sap moon were used because this was the tip for tapping maple trees.

Southern tribes called this the worm moon after the earthworm casts that appeared as the ground thawed.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The worm moon is the final moon of astronomical winter.

To note, from Thursday night into Friday morning, NASA said the bright star Spica will appear near the waning gibbous moon.A nearly 3,500-year-old brown bear that was nearly perfectly preserved in Siberian permafrost is now being dissected by Russian researchers.

The female bear has undergone a necropsy after it was discovered by reindeer herders on Bolshoy Lyakhovsky Island in the Arctic in 2020.

It was found just east of the Bolshoy Etherican River and, therefore, has been named the Etherican brown bear.

The extreme temperatures in the area helped to preserve the bear's soft tissue for 3,460 years, as well as the remains of its final meals.

GIRL, 9 YEARS OLD, DISCOVERS RARE PREHISTORIC MEGALODON TOOTH IN MARYLAND WATERS: 'I COULDN'T BELIEVE IT'

The 5.09-foot tall and almost 172-pound bear had ingested birds and plants.

The team cut through the bear's hide – with the tissue and fat visible – and scientists examined its brain and internal organs. They used a vacuum to suck up the skull bone dust.

BIGGEST PENGUIN IN HISTORY WAS 'MONSTER BIRD,' WEIGHED OVER 300 POUNDS

Maxim Cheprasov, laboratory chief at the Lazarev Mammoth Museum Laboratory at the North-Eastern Federal University in Yakutsk, eastern Siberia, said that the bear was probably aged about two to three years and that it had died from an injury to its spinal column.

It remains unclear how the bear came to be on the island, which is divided from the mainland. Melting permafrost has been altering Siberia's landscape.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Genetic analysis has shown that the bear does not differ in mitochondrial DNA from the modern bear from the north-east of Russia – Yakutia and Chukotka," Cheprasov told Reuters, noting the find is "absolutely unique."

Reuters contributed to this report.Astronomers have found what appear to be massive galaxies dating back to within 600 million years of the Big Bang.

Researchers reported the findings on Wednesday in the journal Nature, highlighting the size and maturity of the apparent mega-galaxies.

While each of them seem to weigh billions of times more than our sun, they are believed to be extremely compact.

"While most galaxies in this era are still small and only gradually growing larger over time," lead researcher Ivo Labbe of Australia’s Swinburne University of Technology said in an email to The Associated Press, "there are a few monsters that fast-track to maturity. Why this is the case or how this would work is unknown."

HUBBLE TELESCOPE SPOTS PAIR OF GALAXIES NEAR BIG DIPPER

Labbe and his team had expected to find baby galaxies this close to the dawn of the universe and initially thought their results couldn't be real – and they still need to be confirmed.

"We were mind-blown, kind of incredulous," he told the news agency.

NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON SAYS JAMES WEBB SPACE TELESCOPE IS WINDOW TO UNIVERSE 'NEVER BEFORE ACHIEVED'

The observations were among the first data set from the James Webb Space Telescope. The $10 billion observatory has the ability to peer through clouds of gas and dust using infrared imaging.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The team is still awaiting official confirmation through sensitive spectroscopy, and is careful to call these candidate massive galaxies for now.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.International scientists have uncovered new clues about the supernova remnant called Tycho.

The findings shed light on how conditions in the shock waves caused by titantic stellar explosions – known as supernovae – accelerate particles to near the speed of light.

Astronomers used NASA's Imaging X-ray Polarimetry Explorer to look at polarized X-rays from the Tycho supernova remnant. NASA said the star's explosion was discovered 450 years ago.

For the first time, IXPE revealed the geometry to the magnetic fields close to the shock wave, which is still propagating from the initial explosion and forms a boundary around the ejected material.

ROCKET LAUNCH FAILURE LIKELY CAUSED BY FAULTY PART FROM UKRAINE

By measuring X-ray polarization, the authors of a study published in The Astrophysical journal can determine the average direction and ordering of the magnetic field of light ways that make up X-rays from a high-energy source like the remnant.

The polarized X-rays are produced in a process called synchrotron emission, and the polarization direction from the X-rays can be mapped back to the direction of the magnetic fields at the location where the X-rays were generated.

NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON SAYS JAMES WEBB SPACE TELESCOPE IS WINDOW TO UNIVERSE 'NEVER BEFORE ACHIEVED'

Building on groundwork laid by NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory, IXPE allows scientists to better understand the process in which cosmic rays – highly energetic particles – are accelerated by supernova remnants. It helped map the shape of Tycho's magnetic field, measuring it on scales smaller than one parsec.

It's the closest researchers have ever come to observing the source of the cosmic rays emitted by one of these distant phenomena.

The supernova's namesake, Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe noticed the "star" in the constellation Cassiopeia in 1572.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The Tycho supernova is classified as a Type Ia, which occurs when a white dwarf star in a binary system shreds its companion star, capturing some of its mass and leading to a violent explosion.NASA’s Curiosity rover captured and transmitted images of "sun rays" as the sun dropped below the horizon on Mars last month, which was part of a new cloud-imaging campaign that the rover is part of.

According to NASA, Martian sunsets can be "uniquely moody," which is what makes these new images unique.

The "sun rays" were captured in an illuminated bank of clouds, and this was the first time NASA scientists had seen them so clearly on Mars.

CURIOSITY MARS ROVER FINDS THE ‘BEST EVIDENCE’ OF ANCIENT WATER IN RIPPLED ROCKS

NASA’s cloud-imaging campaign builds on 2021 observations of night-shining clouds, the space agency said, and while most clouds on Mars hover no more than 37 miles above the surface of the planet and are made of water ice, the clouds in the images sent from the rover appear to be at a higher and colder altitude.

Because the clouds are higher, scientists say they could be made of carbon dioxide ice, or dry ice.

In late January, the rover captured a feather-shaped iridescent cloud after sunset, which was also part of the cloud study.

The feather-shaped cloud image is composed of 28 images captured with the rover’s mast camera, or Mastcam. The images were processed to put emphasis on the highlights, NASA said.

NASA CAPTURES PHOTO OF 'BEAR'S FACE' ON THE SURFACE OF MARS

Scientists hope that by studying where and when clouds form on Mars, they will get a better understanding about the composition of the planet’s atmosphere, including the temperatures and winds within it.

A cloud survey conducted in 2021 included images from the black-and-white navigation cameras and provided a look at the structure of clouds as they moved.

The difference with this study is the Mastcam is providing color images, which show how the cloud particles grow over time, according to NASA.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Where we see iridescence, it means a cloud’s particle sizes are identical to their neighbors in each part of the cloud," Mark Lemmon, an atmospheric scientist with the Space Science Institute in Boulder, Colorado said in a press release from NASA. "By looking at color transitions, we’re seeing particle size changing across the cloud. That tells us about the way the cloud is evolving and how its particles are changing size over time."

The Curiosity rover was launched on Nov. 26, 2011 and landed on Mars on Aug. 5, 2012. Its mission was to find out whether Mars ever had the right environmental conditions to support life, and early on, the rover discovered chemical and mineral evidence habitable environments from the past.The European Space Agency said Friday that an investigation into the failure of a rocket carrying two Earth observation satellites last year indicated the cause was a faulty part procured from Ukraine.

The Vega C rocket ditched in the sea less than three minutes after liftoff from a spaceport in French Guiana in December. Arianespace, which provided the launch service, said at the time that decrease in pressure was observed in the rocket’s second stage, "leading to the premature end of the mission."

"The cause of the failure was a gradual deterioration of the Zefiro 40’s nozzle," the European Space Agency said.

NASA, SPACEX SUCCESSFULLY LAUNCH FOUR ASTRONAUTS TO SPACE STATION

The Zefiro 40 second stage, made by Italian space company Avio, suffered "an unexpected thermo-mechanical over-erosion" of a carbon component procured in Ukraine, it said.

Pierre-Yves Tissier of Arianespace said the conclusion was based on an examination of identical parts and still needed to be confirmed through further tests.

ESA added that during the inquiry "no weakness in the design of Zefiro 40 has been revealed."

The launch was the third failure in the past eight launches of Vega and Vega C rockets, an embarrassment for the agency and its partners.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"We will overcome this very difficult moment," Arianespace head Stephane Israel told reporters.

ESA chief Josef Aschbacher added that measures would now be implemented "to get out of this crisis stronger."

The launch was meant to take two Earth observation satellites made by Airbus, Pleiades Neo 5 and 6, into orbit. The satellites would have been part of a constellation capable of taking images of any point on the globe with a resolution of 12 inches.The northern lights were captured on video Sunday dancing over Alaska skies.

The green lights shimmered over Anchorage terrain and communities.

The auroras made an appearance across the Northern Hemisphere through Monday morning, with reports as far south as Ohio.

The waves of light are caused by the sun. While the sun sends energy and small particles, the Earth is protected by its magnetic field. Some outputs are stronger than others, including solar storms.

HUGE MOOSE KICKS ALASKA WOMAN IN THE HEAD AFTER SNEAKING UP ON HER

When the solar storm heads toward Earth, some of the energy and small particles can travel down the magnetic field lines at the north and south poles into Earth's atmosphere. There, the particles interact with gases in the atmosphere, creating the light displays.

A 3,500-YEAR-OLD BEAR PRESERVED IN SIBERIAN PERMAFROST IS DISSECTED BY RESEARCHERS

Oxygen gives off green and red light, and NASA says nitrogen glows blue and purple.

The aurora is named for the Roman goddess of dawn. While the aurora borealis occurs in the north, the southern pole sees the aurora australis, or southern lights.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Over the weekend, two solar storms – coronal mass ejections – occurred.The International Space Station avoided a collision with an Earth observation satellite early Monday.

NASA said that the ISS Progress 83 resupply ship, which is docked to the orbital laboratory, fired its engines for just over six minutes. The action slightly raised the station's orbit to avoid the satellite.

"The new orbital trajectory will not impact the upcoming departure of the Crew-5 mission," NASA said.

NASA ARTEMIS I MOON MISSION ROCKET DAMAGED MORE THAN EXPECTED IN LAUNCH

The SpaceX Crew-5 mission will return to Earth, with the company's Dragon spacecraft – named Endurance – unlocking from the ISS at 2:05 a.m. ET on Saturday, March 11.

NASA SAYS IT'S TRACKING 161-FOOT NEWLY-FOUND ASTEROID THAT HAS 'VERY SMALL CHANCE' OF STRIKING EARTH

NASA and SpaceX are targeting 9:02 p.m. ET for a splashdown.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The SpaceX Crew-5 members include NASA astronauts Josh Cassada and Nicole Mann, Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) astronaut Koichi Wakata and Roscosmos cosmonaut Anna Kikina.Israel acknowledged on Friday that an inscription in clay found in the country's south bearing the name of Darius the Great, ruler of the ancient Persian Empire, was not authentic.

The shard of pottery in question was discovered by a passerby last December and caused a sensation as the first mention of sixth century B.C. empire builder to appear in Israel.

After the news broke earlier this week, an expert in ancient Aramaic inscriptions approached the Israel Antiquities Authority to explain that she herself had actually etched those words onto the ancient fragment.

EGYPTIANS DEMAND BRITISH MUSEUM RETURN ROSETTA STONE TO EGYPT

The unnamed expert, part of a foreign expedition last summer to the Tel Lachish archaeological site, told officials that she had scratched the words into pottery as a demonstration while explaining to students how artifacts were historically inscribed.

She said that she then left the altered piece at the site where a Canaanite city once stood, about 40 kilometers southwest of Jerusalem, the Antiquities Authority said.

Authorities said they determined the misidentification of the artifact had come about "unintentionally and without malice" but described the expert's decision to leave behind the newly inscribed shard as "careless." The piece of pottery was examined in labs and found to be ancient, creating confusion.

Gideon Avni, the chief scientist of the Antiquities Authority, said it "takes full responsibility for the unfortunate event."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"In terms of ethical and scientific practices, we see this as a very severe occurrence," he said, noting that such cases remain extremely rare.

The authority said it will conduct a review of all procedures and policies at foreign expeditions nationwide. It was not immediately clear if any action would be taken against the unnamed expert behind the inscription.The James Webb Space Telescope has captured an image that may make viewers double take.

The shot features a special galaxy cluster – known as RX J2129 – and three different images of the same supernova-hosting galaxy.

RX J2129 is located approximately 3.2 billion light-years from Earth in the constellation Aquarius.

The tripled galaxy is shown this way due to gravitational lensing.

SCIENTISTS REVEAL NEW CLUES ABOUT HISTORIC TYCHO SUPERNOVA

Gravitational lensing occurs when a massive celestial body causes a sufficient curvature of spacetime to bend the path of light traveling past or through it – like a vast lens.

The mass and gravity of the galaxy cluster is so great that time and space around it is warped, magnifying, multiplying and distorting galaxies behind it.

The supernova in the triple-lensed background galaxy was discovered by astronomers using the Hubble Space Telescope.

NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON SAYS JAMES WEBB SPACE TELESCOPE IS WINDOW TO UNIVERSE 'NEVER BEFORE ACHIEVED'

It contains a Type Ia supernova. Supernovae are explosions that take place during the final stages of the death of a supermassive star. A Type Ia supernova occurs roughly once every 500 years in the Milky Way and NASA says evidence shows it originates from some binary star systems that contain at least one white dwarf – the small, hot core remnant of a sun-like star.

The supernovae produce a fairly consistent luminosity, which allows astronomers to calculate astronomical distances. Scientists are able to understand how strongly the galaxy cluster is magnifying background objects and how massive it is.

"As well as distorting the images of background objects, gravitational lenses can cause distant objects to appear much brighter than they would otherwise," the European Space Agency said in a post. "If the gravitational lens magnifies something with a known brightness, such as a Type Ia supernova, then astronomers can use this to measure the ‘prescription’ of the gravitational lens."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Furthermore, the spectroscopy of the supernova was obtained, allowing for the comparison of the supernova to Type Ia supernovae in the nearby universe.

The agency said that this is an important way to verify that methods of measuring vast distances works as expected.