The quarterback battle in Austin, Texas, is going to be a long one.

Following the first practice of the spring for the Texas Longhorns , head coach Steve Sarkisian discussed his two young quarterbacks – both big-time recruits – and set the stage for a quarterback competition for months to come.

The Longhorns are returning sophomore Quinn Ewers, while freshmen Arch Manning – the most-hyped recruit of the class – kicks off his college career.

COLORADO'S DEION SANDERS WAS 'SPITTING THE FACTS' ON RECRUITING STRATEGY, SHAQ SAYS

"I'm not worried about who's going to be on the cover of what magazine next week," Steve Sarkisian said, according to ESPN. "I'm more focused on is, is each guy focusing on what they need to do to develop to be the best player that they can be? Quinn has an entire year of a head start, but I don't want to hold Arch back. I want to see how far he can take this thing and what it can look like."

Manning chose Texas in June after being one of the more hyped quarterback recruits in recent memory.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

The son of Cooper Manning, brother to NFL quarterbacks Eli and Peyton Manning, Arch is expected to turn around a Texas program that has reached double-digit wins just once in 13 years.

However, Ewers is a highly-touted recruit himself, ranked No. 2 in the 2021 class before transferring to Texas from Ohio State.

Ewers was named the Big 12 Newcomer of the Year in 2022, starting 10 games and throwing for 2,177 yards, 15 touchdowns, and six interceptions.

However, Ewers struggled in stretches last season, leading many to believe Manning will get the nod as a true freshman.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"I thought Quinn had a really good winter," Sarkisian said.

"This winter it just feels natural. He’s throwing the ball well," he continued. "I think he’s emerging as a leader. I’m watching him break the team down, I’m watching him do those things which is positive. And I think what he’s done, he’s serving for Arch, ‘Hey, this is what it looks like. And this is how to go about your business.'"The NCAA Tournament hopes for the North Carolina Tar Heels took a major hit Thursday night, losing to No. 13 Virginia in the ACC Tournament, 68-59.

UNC entered the game on the bubble, one of the "Next Four Out" in Joe Lunardi’s Bracketology, and needed a deep run in the ACC Tournament to solidify its case for an NCAA berth.

The loss to Virginia dropped the Tar Heels to 20-13 in a season in which four starters returned from the 2021-22 team that reached the championship game.

PROTRUDING NAIL IN COURT PAUSES BIG 12 TOURNAMENT GAME AS IOWA STATE TAKES DOWN BAYLOR

"It’s not a great feeling," North Carolina head coach Hubert Davis said, according to ESPN. "Not the expectations that we had coming into the year. It was definitely frustrating and disappointing, but one thing I can say about this group is we fight to the end."

"I'm sad and disappointed for [the players] that we're in this position. Just very sad for them."

The Tar Heels entered the year No. 1 in The Associated Press preseason rankings but lost four straight games after starting the year 5-0.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

The Tar Heels beat just two ranked teams all season and went 11-9 in ACC play.

If UNC does not hear their name called on Selection Sunday, the Tar Heels will become the first preseason No. 1 to miss the tournament since 1974-75, according to ESPN.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Virginia improved to 24-6 on the season with the win and will play Clemson on Friday in the ACC semifinals.When Aaron Judge re-signed with the New York Yankees for a massive $360 million deal over the next nine seasons and was named the franchise’s 16th captain, the choice seemed obvious for the homegrown talent.

But when Judge was the top prize on the free agent market, his return to the West Coast — he grew up in Linden, California — was a real possibility when he was seen in San Francisco for a meeting with the Giants, the team he rooted for as a kid.

The San Diego Padres were also in the running. Owner Peter Seidler and general manager A.J. Preller have been aggressive recently trying to get to the World Series again. And Judge was once at the top of their wish list.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Judge traveled to San Diego to hear the Padres' offer, and it was massive, according to The Athletic,

Page Odle of PSI Sports Management, who represents Judge, said San Diego offered more than $400 million. The Athletic also had two sources saying it was "in the range of $415 million over a term that would have been at least 12 years."

GIANTS' LOGAN WEBB ADMITS TEAM WAS ‘BUTTHURT’ AFTER LEARNING AARON JUDGE RE-SIGNED WITH YANKEES

Judge received that astronomical offer after meeting with Seidler, Preller, assistant GM Josh Stein and manager Bob Melvin for a few hours at Petco Park.

Who knows if Judge seriously considered the offer? When you break down the math, $415 million over 12 seasons would come out to an average annual value of $34.5 million.

With the Yankees’ deal, Judge is making $40 million per season. Being a part of the rare captain’s club in the Bronx sweetened the deal.

Ultimately, The Athletic said, the Padres weren’t surprised Judge stuck with the Yankees, and they continued to swing away. Trea Turner also spurned the Padres' $342 million offer to join the Philadelphia Phillies, who defeated the Padres to advance to last season’s World Series. Turner received a $300 million deal.

PADRES, MANNY MACHADO FINALIZING MASSIVE CONTRACT EXTENSION: REPORTS

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Seidler and Preller ended up locking in former Boston Red Sox shortstop Xander Bogaerts, while extending Yu Darvish and Manny Machado to keep their core intact. Combining them with Juan Soto, who the Padres landed before MLB’s trade deadline last season, and Fernando Tatis Jr., the Padres are still set to make a championship run.The Philadelphia Flyers fired president of hockey operations and general manager Chuck Fletcher on Friday after more than four years with the organization and promoted special assistant to the general manager Daniel Brière to the role of interim GM.

Fletcher, who was hired as the Flyers ninth general manager in franchise history in 2018, was relieved of his duties a day after Philadelphia dropped to 24-30-11 this season with a 1-0 loss to the Carolina Hurricanes Thursday night.

"The Philadelphia Flyers organization has always been defined by grit, determination, and a standard of excellence," Flyers Chairman Dave Scott said in a statement.

FLYERS’ TONY DEANGELO SUSPENDED TWO GAMES FOR SPEARING OF LIGHTNINGS’ COREY PERRY BELOW THE BELT

"Over the past several seasons, our team simply has not lived up to that standard, so today, we will begin to chart a new path forward under a new leadership structure for Hockey Operations."

He continued, "This morning, we released Chuck Fletcher from his President and General Manager responsibilities. We are grateful for his hard work and dedication to this organization, and we wish him nothing but the best moving forward. Chuck faced significant challenges during his time as President and General Manager, including some that were outside of his control, but we have reached a point at which we must move in a different direction and look to the future under new leadership."

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Scott added that the organization will separate the duties of president and general manager and added that Brière will oversee hockey operations in his new role.

"Flyers fans deserve a better team than what they've seen on the ice over the past few seasons, and a clear plan to return this team to Stanley Cup contention. We know that this will be a multi-year process, and we are committed to doing it right, because we want to put this franchise on a path toward winning the Stanley Cup, period."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The Flyers went 141-145-43 under Fletcher, but he was fired just a week after failing to make any significant moves before the NHL trade deadline.

Scott noted that Brière will take over immediately and will travel with the team to Pittsburgh on Friday for a game against the Penguins.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.The name, image and likeness era has changed the landscape of college athletics .

With players now able to profit from their name , athletes are basing decisions on where to play at least partly on how much money they stand to make during their college careers.

Alabama head coach Nick Saban, who has been a proponent of college athletes earning compensation, has made it clear he sees flaws in the current NIL system.

STEVE SARKISIAN SETS STAGE FOR QUARTERBACK BATTLE AT TEXAS ON FIRST DAY OF SPRING PRACTICE

"The issue is, when you create those [collectives] for people, are you establishing a pay-for-play type of environment that can be used in recruiting? So now, all the sudden, guys are not going to school where they can create the most value for their future," Saban told Sports Illustrated. "Guys are going to school where they can make the most money. I don’t think that is even the best thing for the player."

NIL collectives pool money from boosters and businesses and help facilitate NIL deals for athletes.

"You went to college. I went to college," Saban added. "Why were we going? We had goals and aspirations for how we wanted to create value for our future. Sometimes these things can be a distraction academically as well as athletically. But I’ll say it again: I think name, image and likeness is good for players.

"The whole concept of collectives is what has created this environment that we are in, and I’m not sure that anybody really had the insight or the vision to see that was going to happen. So, therefore, we had no guidelines, and now we’re trying to develop some."

NIL collectives created a recent controversy in college football with the University of Florida and four-star recruit Jaden Rashada.

COLORADO'S DEION SANDERS WAS 'SPITTING THE FACTS' ON RECRUITING STRATEGY, SHAQ SAYS

In November, Rashada switched his commitment from Miami to Florida, giving head coach Billy Napier a significant recruit as Napier enters his second season.

But Rashada’s commitment was contingent on a four-year, $13 million NIL deal he signed with the Gator Collective fan club, according to The Associated Press.

On Dec. 7, Rashada reportedly received a letter from the head of Gator Collective that wished to terminate the deal, according to a report from The Athletic.

While the reasons behind the deal falling apart were unclear, the AP reported that not all the financial backers were aware that the NIL deal had gone from around $5 million to more than $13 million.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Rashada was released from his NIL in January and committed to Arizona State University.

When asked for a solution to the issues NIL presents, Saban told Sports Illustrated it may need to be addressed at the federal level so that "you don’t have different state laws and there are guidelines for what you can and can’t do."

"Players should create their opportunities, and what we’ve done now is some schools are creating opportunities for them. I don’t think that was the intent," Saban told SI.

In August, U.S. senators Tommy Tuberville, R-Ala., and Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., announced their intention to draft legislation regulating NIL.

Saban, who reportedly has close relationships with both senators, said he speaks with both politicians occasionally about their legislative effort.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"I talk to them on occasion, but I’m not trying to spearhead a solution. I talk to [SEC Commissioner] Greg Sankey a lot," Saban said. "I talk to [SEC Associate Commissioner] William King. I hear the other coaches in our meetings. I’m just trying to help provide information to [the senators] so they know what the issues really are. I’m trying to also direct them to people I think can input the solution, like Greg Sankey and those kinds of people.

"Everybody needs to look at the issue from 1,000 feet. I don’t want to take opportunities away from players. I just think the mechanisms around how they get those opportunities need to be more standard for everyone."Before his foot injury, LeBron James was still dominating the NBA in his 20th season in the league at age 38.

Former MMA fighter Chael Sonnen has a theory why, claiming James takes performance-enhancing drugs.

Sonnen claims he and James have "the same drug guy," adding that he and golfer Tiger Woods take "the big three" of EPO (erythropoietin), growth hormone and testosterone, a combination of enhancers he dubbed the "Lance Armstrong diet."

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

"I know exactly what [James is] doing," Sonnen said on the "Flagrant" podcast.

Sonnen claims Woods is the "only one golfer" who uses the cycle and provided "the reason" why James allegedly takes it.

"EPO matters; it’s the reason LeBron takes it. It matters," Sonnen said. "EPO increases your red blood cells, which gives you endurance so you can play all game long. You can shoot the fourth quarter just like you shot the fourth minute. It’s the king of performance enhancers."

Armstrong took performance enhancers throughout his cycling career, notably EPO, and it cost him his seven Tour de France titles.

Of course, we only have Sonnen's word with no evidence.

James has never failed a drug test in his career, and it has never been proven whether Woods has taken steroids.

PLAYING WITH LEBRON JAMES ‘A GIFT AND A CURSE,’ FORMER TEAMMATE SAYS

Before his injury, James was averaging 29.5 points, 8.4 rebounds and 6.4 assists. Since he turned 38, he's averaged 31.9 points a game.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Woods won two tournaments, including the Masters, in 2019 at age 43, but he has not won a tournament since.Kansas basketball coach Bill Self will miss the remainder of the Big 12 Tournament after undergoing a "standard procedure," the university said Thursday, adding that Self did not suffer a heart attack despite earlier reports.

The Jayhawks released an update Thursday shortly after confirming that Self would be sidelined from Kansas’ quarterfinal game against West Virginia.

"Kansas men’s basketball coach Bill Self will not coach in the remainder of the Big 12 Tournament," the statement read.

KANSAS BASKETBALL COACH BILL SELF MISSES BIG 12 TOURNAMENT GAME VS WEST VIRGINIA WITH ‘ILLNESS’

The University also offered a statement from the University of Kansas Health System’s Chief Medical Officer Dr. Steve Stites, who added, "Coach Self did not suffer a heart attack as reported by some media."

"He arrived at the emergency department last night and underwent a standard procedure that went well. He is expected to make a full recovery. There will be no further medical details released for now," the statement continued.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Kansas assistant Norm Robert, who filled in for Self earlier this season, coached the Jayhawks to a 78-61 victory over West Virginia to advance to Friday night’s semifinal game against fifth-seeded Iowa State.

Self said in a statement released by Kansas that he hopes to return to his team "in the very near future."

"I am very grateful for the overwhelming number of well wishes my family and I have received. I’m excited to get back with my team in the very near future."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Kansas will try to advance to the Big 12 title game for the fourth time in the last five full tournaments.

The Associated Press contributed to the report.



Former NBA player and current ESPN analyst Kendrick Perkins found himself in hot water this week after suggesting there is a racial bias in the NBA’s MVP voting process when discussing Nikola Jokic of the Denver Nuggets.

On Thursday, NBA Hall of Famer and current TNT analyst Charles Barkley had some fun with the controversy on "Inside the NBA."

When discussing their picks to represent the Eastern Conference in the NBA Finals, fellow analyst Shaquille O’Neal chose the Milwaukee Bucks, saying Giannis Antetokounmpo was his pick for MVP — which is when Barkley chimed in.

ESPN ISSUES PUBLIC APOLOGY AFTER KENDRICK PERKINS CLAIMED NBA MVP VOTERS WERE PREDOMINANTLY WHITE

"You’re only voting for him because he’s Black," Barkley said, as the other members of the panel cracked up.

Last week, Perkins pointed to three players since 1990 who have won the MVP despite being outside the top 10 in points per game: Jokic (in his first MVP campaign in 2020-21), Dirk Nowitzki (2006-07) and Steve Nash (2004-05, 2005-06). All three are White.

"What do those guys have in common? I’ll let it sit there and marinate. You think about it," Perkins said last week to "First Take" co-host Stephen A. Smith.

JJ REDICK SLAMS KENDRICK PERKINS' SUGGESTION NBA MVP VOTING IS RACIALLY BIASED, CRITICIZES ESPN SHOW'S FORMAT

That comment led to an argument between "First Take" co-host JJ Redick and Perkins, with Redick saying Perkins was implying White NBA voters are racist.

Perkins also said that 80% of NBA MVP voters are White, to which ESPN had to issue a correction the following day.

"I want to correct something here from yesterday’s show," ESPN host Molly Qerim said. "When Kendrick Perkins said 80% of NBA voters for the MVP award are white, the NBA publicly announces the voters each year, and after review, it is clear the panel is much more diverse than what was portrayed by Kendrick Perkins, and we wanted to make sure we corrected that today."

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

It’s not the first time Barkley has weighed in on the issue, joining Denver’s Altitude Sports Radio earlier in the week and calling Perkins’ take "one of the stupidest things I’ve ever heard."

"I’m pretty sure he don’t give a damn about those idiots talking about him on TV, either," Barkley said. "If I know the Joker [Jokic], he probably just got out of bed. Probably got a good night’s sleep. The Nuggets, they won a tough game last night. [Denver head coach] Mike Malone probably should’ve given them the day off and let them sleep in the day after that game. I’m pretty sure he’s not in for all this silliness."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"You can’t tell me, because the numbers don’t make sense," Barkley continued. "Does he know how many voters are White actually, or did he pull ‘80%’ out of his a--? My point is, if only five White guys have won MVP in the last 30 years, that makes zero sense — his argument. Zero sense. Because if that was the case, we’d have a lot more White MVPs. … Wouldn’t the numbers be way, way worse?"

Jokic is currently averaging a triple-double and is favored to win his third straight MVP award.

Fox News’ Ryan Gaydos and Scott Thompson contributed to this report.The Carolina Panthers have acquired the first overall pick in this year's NFL Draft from the Chicago Bears, according to multiple reports.

The Panthers are sending the ninth overall pick, a 2024 first-round pick, wide receiver D.J. Moore, the 61st pick this year and a second-round pick in 2025 to the Bears in exchange for the top spot, where they will likely select a quarterback.

The Panthers used three different starting quarterbacks last season while also trading away superstar running back Christian McCaffrey, yet they remained in playoff contention until the very end of the season.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Alabama's Bryce Young and Ohio State's C.J. Stroud are expected to be the top two picks in the NFL Draft. The Houston Texans select second. Florida quarterback Anthony Richardson has skyrocketed on draft boards, though.

49ERS’ BROCK PURDY EXPECTED TO RESUME THROWING IN THREE MONTHS FOLLOWING ‘SUCCESSFUL SURGERY’ ON ELBOW

The trade ensures Justin Fields is the guy in Chicago. He became the third quarterback in NFL history to rush for 1,000 yards in a single season last year.

But Fields now has a new top receiver. In his five NFL seasons, Moore has 5,201 receiving yards and eclipsed the 1,000-yard mark each season from 2019 to 2021. His seven touchdowns last season were a career high.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Moore will join receivers Darnell Mooney and Chase Claypool, both of whom have shown promise in their young careers but took a step backward last season.

Carolina now has over $22.7 million in cap space, saving over $10 million by trading Moore, per OverTheCap.Richard Williams, the father of tennis greats Serena and Venus, defended actor Will Smith for slapping comedian Chris Rock at the Oscars last year as the 2023 Academy Awards loom.

Rock made a joke about Smith’s wife, Jada Pinkett Smith, at last year’s show which prompted Smith to get up from his seat, storm the stage and slap the host. The incident marred the show as Smith won Best Actor for his portrayal of Richard Williams in the film "King Richard" – which was about the father of the tennis stars teaching and coaching his daughters.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

On Monday, Williams spoke to "Good Morning Britain" about the slap for the first time.

"I think he has done the best thing he needed to do, but I would never be disgusted with Mr. Smith. Matter of fact, I appreciate Mr. Smith," Williams said.

Williams said he "didn’t feel sorry" for Rock.

CHRIS ROCK TAKES AIM AT JADA PINKETT'S AFFAIR AND UNUSUAL MARRIAGE TO WILL SMITH: 'SHE HURT HIM WAY MORE'

"It’s time for everyone to forgive Will Smith," he added.

Last month, Serena Williams opened up about the Oscars slap and said she thought it "overshadowed" the film.

"I thought it was such an incredible film, and I feel that there was an incredible film after that with Questlove that kind of was overshadowed," she told CBS’ Gayle King. "But I also feel that I’ve been in a position where I’ve been under a lot of pressure and made a tremendous amount of mistakes, and I’m the kind of person that’s like, ‘I’ve been there. I’ve made a mistake. It’s not the end of the world.

"We’re all imperfect, and we’re all human, and let’s just be kind to each other. So, that’s often forgotten a lot."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Rock spoke about the slap in his new Netflix comedy special "Selective Outrage."Tiger Woods' attorneys are denying claims from his ex-girlfriend that he forced her to sign, or agree to, any tenancy agreements.

Erica Herman filed a lawsuit in Florida Monday over a nondisclosure agreement (NDA) she alleges she was forced to sign, citing the Speak Out Act, according to court documents obtained by Fox News Digital.

Woods, a 15-time major champion, asked to intervene as a defendant in the case, and his attorneys wrote that Herman sued the trust to avoid an agreement the two made to arbitrate all disputes.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

"During their relationship, Mr. Woods invited Ms. Herman to live with him as his guest in the Residence," the motion said. "Mr. Woods never negotiated an oral tenancy agreement with Ms. Herman. Nor was there ever a written tenancy agreement between Mr. Woods or the Trust, on the one hand, and Ms. Herman, on the other hand. Mr. Woods never transferred to Ms. Herman any ownership interest in or rights of possession to the Residence."

Herman is suing the Jupiter Island Irrevocable Trust, the trust that owns Woods' home, for at least $30 million after he asked her to move out of the property.

Herman says the agreement allowed her to live in the home expense-free in exchange for "valuable services" that were "extraordinary in nature." However, Herman alleges she was tricked to leave the home and was locked out when she returned.

US OPEN CHAMPION MATT FITZPATRICK 'WOULD NOT LET' LIV DEFECTORS BACK ON PGA TOUR

Lawyers for the trust filed a motion to dismiss the suit, first alleging that the trust isn’t who she was really going after and that she failed to name the trustee in the lawsuit. Lawyers for the trust also said it was Herman who removed her belongings from the home and that "oral tenancy agreements" are only good for less than one year in Florida.

The alleged NDA was signed in 2017.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

But Herman claims the agreement should be unenforceable under the Speak Out Act, which "prohibits the judicial enforceability of a nondisclosure clause or nondisparagement clause agreed to before a dispute arises involving sexual assault or sexual harassment in violation of federal, tribal, or state law."

Fox News' Ryan Gaydos contributed to this report.Dana White’s Power Slap league will wrap up this weekend with its championship matches in Las Vegas.

And while some have questioned the safety of this new combat sport, the former chairman of the Nevada State Athletic Commission says he regrets having sanctioned the league at all.

Stephen Cloobeck, who resigned from his position in December, more than halfway through his two-year term, was there when the Nevada State Athletic Commission (NSAC) sanctioned White’s latest endeavor.

But it’s a decision he now regrets.

DANA WHITE'S LATEST VENTURE DELAYED DUE TO PHYSICAL ALTERCATION WITH WIFE: REPORT

"I made a mistake," Cloobeck told The Associated Press Wednesday. "I'm not happy about it."

White recently addressed the concerns about the league, saying at a press conference Wednesday his involvement is what likely sparked the outrage.

"The Las Vegas Review-Journal is talking about how ashamed the Nevada State Athletic Commission should be about sanctioning Power Slap, right?" White said. "The Nevada State Athletic Commission is the best athletic commission in the world. It’s not just because they’re in our hometown. If the equivalent of the Nevada State Athletic Commission was in Alaska, we’d be going to them for approval, right?

"It doesn’t matter what your opinions are of this. This has been going on for 10 years unregulated. And what the athletic commission does is they come in and oversee it, and they make sure all the health and safety precautions are in place, that everybody’s abiding by it and doing what they’re supposed to do. These unregulated events are going on all over the world."

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

White defended the league’s medical testing, giving an example of one fighter who underwent testing to discover that he had "a brain aneurysm."

"We let him know that fight's off, and this guy should never compete again in a combat sport. That’s why health and safety is so important and why it should be regulated."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

White announced during the press conference that the league received approval to hold events in five states. The league is also being supported by the commission and awaiting approval in five additional states, and six more states have had discussions about it.Three-time Super Bowl champion Devin McCourty has announced his retirement from the NFL.

Posting a recorded Zoom with his twin brother and former teammate Jason on Instagram, he made it official.

"I will always only look good in a Pats uniform, but I will no longer look good in a Pats uniform going forward. I am officially retiring from the NFL," he said. "It has been a great ride."

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

McCourty said it's "tough to kind of come to the end, as you know," but for once in his life, he's finally taking the time to reminisce on his successful career.

"This whole offseason has been so much back-and-forth for me mentally, probably not even sharing as much of the thoughts that I was just going between from one day to the next day," he said. "But, ultimately, I think this is the best decision for me and my family, for my career is to be able to now look back at my 13 years and just enjoy. I got to say that to Bill, now I get a chance to reminisce and look back and not have to focus on how can I be better next year. I get to just say I’ll never be better again next year and just enjoy it man."

McCourty joked that he does not have a new job lined up, and he and his wife can't spend any money after March 15 when he will officially be retired and "unemployed."

Jason retired last year and has since been involved with the Players Association, something Devin hinted at doing.

"I’m excited about what’s to come. I never thought I’d be able to retire from the NFL. That’s all I’ve ever done, really, is play football and be excited about having another job. But everything you’ve done has shown me that that is possible, so I’m excited to follow your footsteps once again and then be better than you. It should be a great journey and ready to do it, man."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

McCourty won Super Bowls in 2015, 2017 and 2018 with the New England Patriots, spending all 13 of his NFL seasons in Foxboro.

He was the 27th selection of the 2010 NFL Draft and was a three-time second-team All-Pro.San Francisco 49ers quarterback Brock Purdy is expected to start throwing again just in time for the 2023 season after undergoing a successful surgery on his right elbow to repair a torn UCL, the team announced Friday.

The Niners provided an update on Purdy’s condition after the rookie quarterback suffered a devastating injury to his throwing arm during the Niners' first possession of their 31-7 loss in the NFC title game to the Philadelphia Eagles.

"San Francisco 49ers quarterback Brock Purdy underwent successful surgery with renowned specialist Dr. Keith Meister this morning," the team's statement said.

HALL OF FAMER TONY GONZALEZ BELIEVES QB BROCK PURDY’S INJURY ROBBED 49ERS OF ADVANCING TO SUPER BOWL

"Dr. Meister conducted an internal brace repair to Purdy's right elbow. Purdy is anticipated to start a throwing progression program in three months."

The news comes several weeks after Purdy’s initial surgery was postponed due to swelling in his elbow.

While Purdy can begin throwing in three months, the expectation is that the timeline for a full recovery will be around six months.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Dr. David Altchek, attending orthopedic surgeon and co-chief emeritus of the Hospital for Special Surgery Sports Medicine Institute in New York, told Fox News Digital last month that an internal brace was a "good" option for Purdy.

"It’ll work, and he’ll be able to return. I don’t think six months is out of the question. I really don’t," he said at the time.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Purdy took over under center for the 49ers in Week 13 after Jimmy Garoppolo broke a foot against the Miami Dolphins.

With Purdy as the starter, the 49ers went 7-0 before the NFC championship game.

Fox News' Scott Thompson and Joe Morgan contributed to this report.



Toronto Maple Leafs fans need no reminder that their team holds the record for the longest active Stanley Cup drought in NHL history.

But, over the weekend, a young Canucks fan decided to add to their misery.

During Vancouver’s 4-1 win over Toronto Saturday night, a young Canucks fan at Rogers Arena participated in a game segment called "Retro Rewind" during which she was asked to identify things from the past.

EX-NHL GOALIE SUSPENDED 5 GAMES FROM SWEDISH HOCKEY LEAGUE AFTER LAUNCHING WATER BOTTLE AT REFEREE

In her final question, she correctly identified a popular bicycle from the 1870s, but then she was asked to date it.

"The last time the Leafs won the Cup," she replied as the crowd roared.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

To be fair, the last time this "Original Six" franchise won the Stanley Cup was in 1967. So, it has actually been slightly more than five decades since.

The Leafs have the second most Cups behind the Montreal Canadiens with 13 but have the longest active drought.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Since hoisting the Cup in 1967, Toronto has made five conference final appearances, most recently in the 2002 playoffs, where they lost to the Carolina Hurricanes.

The Leafs’ playoff woes may be a running joke among some NHL fans, but getting humbled by a child is just brutal.The injury bug just continues to hit the New York Yankees.

Left-handed pitcher Carlos Rodon will start the season on the injured list with a forearm strain in his throwing arm just months after signing a lucrative free agent deal.

The Yankees inked Rodon to a six-year, $162 million contract in December to sure up what was already a stout rotation alongside Gerrit Cole, Nestor Cortes and Luis Severino.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

The Bombers, including Rodon, do not seem too worried about the injury, though. Rather, they just want to make sure Rodon can be a full-go when the Yanks need him most.

"I could go out there and perform," Rodon told reporters on Thursday. "But am I performing at my best and how long am I going to last throughout the season if I continue down this road?

"I'm not here to pitch until the All-Star break. I’m here to pitch well into October. If this was down the stretch, yeah, I would be going for sure. If it's Oct. 5 or the ALDS, I'm taking the ball."

General manager Brian Cashman said Rodon could return in April "in a perfect world" – he will be shut down for at least the next seven days.

YANKEES' BIG DEADLINE ACQUISITION ADMITS HE WASN'T HEALTHY WHEN TRADED TO NEW YORK

Rodon finished in sixth place in the NL Cy Young Award vote last year as a San Francisco Giant after a fifth-place finish in the AL vote in 2021 – he was named an All-Star in both seasons.

Injuries, however, are not unfamiliar for Rodon. Last season was the first time in the lefty's career he was able to rack up at least 30 starts, and he made just 43 from 2017 to 2020 (the latter season was the COVID-shortened season, but he still missed time after starting only seven times in 2019).

But he turned his career around in 2021. Since the start of that year, Rodon ranks first in K/9 (12.2) and FIP (fielding independent pitching, 2.42), fifth in ERA (2.67) and seventh in WHIP (1.00) (min. 200 innings). In his 31 starts in 2022, he pitched to a 2.88 ERA, yet his 2.25 FIP, and 12.0 K/9 were both the best marks in baseball.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Frankie Montas, whom the Yanks acquired at last year's trade deadline, will miss most of the season after shoulder surgery, as well, so 40% of the planned Opening Day rotation won't even be on the roster.UFC 285 is headlined by the fight between Jon Jones and Ciryl Gane, but they weren't the only superstars at the weigh-in.

Actor Jake Gyllenhaal, bulky as ever, also stepped on the scale.

He wasn't fighting. He was just in character for the remake of 1989's "Road House."

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

UFC fighters Conor McGregor and Jay Hieron will also star in the film. The latter shares the scene filmed Friday night with Gyllenhaal, who previously starred in "Southpaw."

Gyllenhaal and Hieron were acting, but their hyping up of the crowd was all real, and the crowd made some legitimate noise.

LIAM NEESON 'CAN'T STAND' UFC, SAYS 'LITTLE LEPRECHAUN' CONOR MCGREGOR 'GIVES IRELAND A BAD NAME'

Gyllenhall threw a slap, and his character was interviewed about it.

"This f---er just makes me laugh ’cause he’s a f---ing joke. Let’s go. Just give me the belt. Just give it to me. Hand it to me," Gyllenhall says.

"I promise you that’s the one and only hit you get. I’m putting you to sleep tomorrow night," Hieron responds.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The original film starred Patrick Swayze. UFC 285 kicks off Saturday night in Las Vegas.Philadelphia Flyers defenseman Tony DeAngelo will have a hearing with the NHL’s Department of Player Safety on Wednesday after he was ejected from a game the previous night for spearing Tampa Bay Lightning forward Corey Perry in the groin.

The league announced that DeAngelo, who was traded by the Carolina Hurricanes in the offseason, would have a hearing following an incident during Tuesday night’s game, when he was ultimately assessed a 5-minute major and game misconduct, leading to his ejection.

With the Lightning leading by two with less than three minutes remaining in the third period, DeAngelo approached a scrum in front of the Flyers net.

MINNESOTA WILD PLAYERS OPT OUT OF WEARING PRIDE-THEMED JERSEYS DURING WARMUPS

He then took his stick and speared Perry, seemingly in the groin, prompting Perry to fall over.

The cheap shot brought all the Tampa Bay players on the ice to go after DeAngelo, but the fight was quickly broken up by officials.

"He tried to slash my stick out of my hands a second beforehand. He talks all game," DeAngelo said after the game, via ESPN.

"I asked him to fight, he doesn't want to fight. He'll tell you he's asked me to fight for years. I don't say no. But wasn't trying to give him a shot [where it landed]. Replay probably looks worse."

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Flyers head coach John Tortorella said he did not see exactly what happened but believed that DeAngelo "may have crossed the line."

"That's the line you walk, as far as going over the edge," he said. "I want him to have his personality, to have that competitiveness. A couple of guys I did sit, I wish a little of that would rub off on them. But again, I haven't seen it, but I think he may have crossed the line."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

DeAngelo is no stranger to controversy.

After several issues during his tenure with the New York Rangers, he was placed on waivers in January 2021 after reports that he got into a physical altercation with backup goaltender Alexandar Georgiev.

The Lightning snapped a five-game losing streak with a 5-2 win over the Flyers.An Oklahoma football player was hospitalized Thursday after suffering an "exertional collapse" following a team workout, the Sooners athletic department said.

The university did not identify the player, but according to a report from KOCO, defensive back Gentry Williams was taken to Norman Regional Hospital, where he was said to be in good condition.

"At the end of this morning’s OU football team workout, a player experienced an exertional collapse and was immediately attended to by the team’s medical staff," the athletic department said, via the university’s independent, student-produced newspaper.

TEXAS, OKLAHOMA REACH AGREEMENT WITH BIG 12 TO LEAVE CONFERENCE AFTER 2023-24 ATHLETIC YEAR

"As a precautionary measure, he was transported to a local hospital for further care. He is responsive and it is anticipated he will be released today."

A source told KOCO that Williams collapsed after competing in one-on-one tug-of-war drill toward the end of practice. The source added that it was a routine exercise that the Sooners, and "other programs," have done for years.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Williams, a freshman out of Tulsa, Oklahoma, played in all 12 games for the Sooners this past season where he registered seven total tackles and an interception.

The university provided another update on the player’s condition Thursday.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"He has since been released and is heading home where he will spend spring break with his family. He will undergo follow-up exams with team physicians before he resumes athletic activities," the statement read, via The OU Daily.

"We commend our medical staff that provided immediate and thorough care and are appreciative of everyone who has expressed concern for him."Boston Red Sox third baseman Justin Turner is on the road to recovery after receiving a positive prognosis following a scary scene during Monday’s game against the Detroit Tigers that left him bloodied and in need of more than a dozen stitches.

Turner, 38, immediately fell to the ground after getting drilled in the face by a pitch from right-hander Matt Manning in the first inning. Bloodied and in obvious pain, Turner lay on the ground as medical staff ran to his aid.

He was eventually able to walk off on his own.

RED SOX'S JUSTIN TURNER IN HOSPITAL AFTER BEING HIT IN FACE BY PITCH

Turner’s wife, Kourtney, posted an update on Monday revealing that the two-time All Star required 16 stitches and was dealing with "a lot of swelling," but that his initial scans looked clear.

Then on Tuesday morning, Turner posted his own positive update.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

"Thanks to everyone for all the messages and prayers! I’m feeling very fortunate to come out of yesterday with no breaks & all my chiclets intact."

Turner also thanked the Red Sox and Lee Health medical staff, adding, "I’m going to be back out on the field as soon as possible!"

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

After spending nine seasons with the Los Angeles Dodgers, Turner signed a $15 million, one-year deal with the Red Sox during the offseason. In his final season with the Dodgers, he hit .278 with 13 homers and 81 RBIs in 128 games.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.Whether you’re a pro or an amateur, golf can be a frustrating and unforgiving sport.

PGA Tour pro Nick Watney can tell you all about that after his dreadful performance at the 17th green at TPC Sawgrass Thursday.

During the opening round of the Players Championship, Watney stepped up to the tee box on the 17th hole, a par-3 that features an island green that isn’t too far away but is still tricky for all levels of play.

Watney, 41, had the wrong club when he hit his tee shot from 125 yards away past the front pin, and it found the water. He was the 13th player to do so in the first round, but that wasn’t even the worst of it.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

The drop-area shot also saw Watney too strong as his 82-yard approach left him a hard, downhill putt from 29 feet.

Trying to walk away with a bogey on his first putt, Watney pushed it four feet past the cup. His next putt stayed right off his blade and didn’t find the hole either.

HAYDEN BUCKLEY ACES ON 17TH HOLE AT THE PLAYERS FOR 40TH HOLE-IN-ONE IN TOURNAMENT HISTORY

Frustrated, Watney stepped up immediately to the ball to tap it in, but that haste didn’t work in his favor. He missed the tap-in, and even NBC Sports’ Mike Tirico couldn’t hold back.

"Stop. Stop!" he yelled on the broadcast.

Watney finally tapped the ball in for a quadruple bogey and walked off the green in obvious disappointment.

US OPEN CHAMPION MATT FITZPATRICK ‘WOULD NOT LET’ LIV DEFECTORS BACK ON PGA TOUR

It hasn’t been the best few weeks leading into the Players for Watney, who missed the cut in six of his last seven events. He ranks 160th in the FedEx Cup standings.

Watney ended up shooting 4-over in his opening round as he eradicated an eagle and two birdies in his round with this quadruple bogey and a triple bogey on hole 10. He went on to bogey the 18th hole to finish 7-over on the back nine.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Chad Ramey ended Thursday as the leader at 8-under, while Collin Morikawa is behind him by one stroke.NBA legend Shaquille O’Neal had no qualms about what Colorado football coach Deion Sanders said when it came to the Pro Football Hall of Famer’s strategy for recruiting high school players.

O’Neal and his co-hosts on "The Big Podcast," Nischelle Turner and Spice Adams, listened to the clip of Sanders spelling out the specific things he looks for in high school quarterbacks vs. what he looks for in a defensive lineman. The former Los Angeles Lakers superstar had no issue with what Sanders said last month on "The Rich Eisen Show."

"Ain’t nothing wrong with that. There ain’t nothing wrong with what he said. You know why I have discipline? You know why I don’t get in trouble? You know why I don’t do dumb s---? Daddy would have whooped my a--. Lot of kids don’t have that. A lot of kids have hard-working mothers that really have to work and they grow up on their own. And you can go left or you can go right. Studies show, statistics show, that’s just how it is."

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

O’Neal doubled down when he explained his stance, saying Sanders was "spitting the facts."

Turner disagreed with what Sanders was talking about and wondered if she would be counted out as a quarterback if she didn’t come from a two-parent household.

Sanders made waves in February for the remarks.

"Well, we have different attributes. Smart, tough, fast, disciplined with character. Now, quarterbacks are different," Sanders told Eisen. "We want mother, father. Dual parent. We want that kid to be 3.5 [GPA] and up. Because he has to be smart. Not bad decisions off the field, at all. Because he has to be a leader of men."

DEION SANDERS AT THE CENTER OF RELIGION CONTROVERSY MONTHS BEFORE COLORADO STARTS 2023 SEASON

Sanders said he looks for similar attributes in offensive linemen, but his criteria are different for the defensive side of the football.

"Defensive linemen is totally opposite. Single mama, trying to get it, he’s on free lunch," Sanders continued. "I’m talking about just trying to make it. He’s trying to rescue mama. Like mama barely made the flight. And I want him to just go get it.

"It’s a whole different attribute that you look for in different positions. And we have that stuff just chronicled. We know what we want, and we go get it."

Sanders just completed his first recruiting class at Colorado, making a big splash on Signing Day and pulling in the 21st-ranked class and a top-five transfer portal class, according to 247 Sports.

"We’re not recruiting just no ordinary Tom, Dick and Harry," Sanders said. "We recruited some guys that can light up the scoreboard and prevent touchdowns from occurring. We’re coming. We’re serious about that.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Hope is in the house. Hope is in the air. Hope is in the city. Hope is in the community."

Fox News’ Joe Morgan contributed to this report.The Eagles could lose both cornerbacks who started in the Super Bowl. James Bradberry, who committed a pivotal defensive holding foul late in last month's Super Bowl, is set to hit the free agent market next week.

Now, five-time Pro Bowler Darius Slay may explore a trade after the Eagles gave the cornerback's representatives permission to talk to other teams, sources told ESPN's Dianna Russini.

The report mentioned that the team is hopeful it can find a way to keep Slay in Philadelphia.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Slay is entering the final year of a three-year, $50 million deal. He spent seven seasons with the Lions before signing with the Eagles before the 2020 season.

He is due to make a base salary of $17 million in 2023. Slay expressed his wish to stay in Philly on a recent episode of the "Montgomery & Co." podcast

JETS’ SAUCE GARDNER TURNS UP AARON RODGERS RECRUITMENT EFFORT BY BURNING CHEESEHEAD: ‘WHERE A-ROD AT?’

"Of course, I want an extension with the Eagles. I love the Eagles. They took another chance on me trading for me, and I panned out very well, of course. But yeah, I love that money. So, of course I'm going to be talking about it this offseason," Slay said.

"That's everyone, that's what we all do when we've got one year left on our deal. We try to get the extension because it makes the cap low, and then you get to start building around the team because once you're cap's too high, you can't add more players."

Slay acknowledged the impact his contract has on the Eagles salary cap and offered the team a solution.

"So, with me, with my cap that high, I'm sure they probably want to get it down, and the best way to get it down is to give me some money."

The Eagles sent a third-rounder and a fifth-rounder to Detroit three seasons ago in exchange for Slay. He was named an All-Pro in 2017 and has made the Pro Bowl in each of the last two seasons.

He registered 55 tackles and three interceptions in 17 regular season games in 2022. The Eagles defense led the NFL in pass defense, giving up an average of 179.8 yards per game.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Other key members of the defense who could be playing in a different uniform next season include pending free agents in defensive linemen Javon Hargrave and Fletcher Cox and safety C.J. Gardner-Johnson.

Defensive lineman Brandon Graham decided not to test the free agent market and agreed Friday to a one-year contract to remain with the Eagles, the NFL Network reported.Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis called on President Biden to allow tennis superstar Novak Djokovic into the United States to play in the upcoming Miami Open even though he's unvaccinated against COVID-19.

In a letter obtained by Fox News Digital, DeSantis urged Biden to "put pandemic politics aside and give the American people what they want – let him play." DeSantis wrote that Djokovic’s denial to enter the U.S. is unfair, unscientific and unacceptable."

DeSantis wondered whether Djokovic could potentially enter the U.S. by boat.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

"It is also not clear to me why, even by the terms of your own proclamation, Mr. Djokovic could not legally enter this county via boat," DeSantis wrote, citing a proclamation that barred noncitizens from entering the U.S. via the air. "Please confirm no later than Friday, March 10, 2023, that this method of travel into Florida would be permissible.

"Furthermore, even as you enacted a Proclamation on air travel that remains in force to this day, your administration pointedly allowed thousands of unvaccinated migrants to enter our country through the southern border," the letter adds.

NOVAK DJOKOVIC WITHDRAWS FROM BNP PARIBAS OPEN AFTER BEING DENIED ENTRY TO US OVER COVID-VACCINE STATUS

"In sum, the current ‘travel ban’ applied to Mr. Djokovic — and presumably millions of other potential unvaccinated foreign visitors — seems completely ungrounded in logic, common sense, or any genuine concern for the health and welfare of the American people."

Djokovic was recently forced to withdraw from the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells, California, after being denied entry to the U.S. over his COVID vaccine status. He requested a vaccine waiver, which would have allowed him to enter the U.S. unvaccinated, but it was rejected by the Homeland Security Department.

Djokovic was able to play in the Australian Open in January after being deported from the country last year over his vaccine status. Australia had far harsher COVID guidelines than most countries during the coronavirus pandemic.

"The only thing keeping Mr. Djokovic from participating in this tournament is your administration’s continued enforcement of a misguided, unscientific, and out-of-date COVID-19 vaccination requirement for foreign guests seeking to visit our great country," the letter continued. "American tennis legend John McEnroe recently termed this restriction ‘absurd.’ He was quite right to say so."

DeSantis also noted that Biden declared the "pandemic is over" and that he "communicated to Congress that the COVID-19 emergency will formally end on May 11."

A rep for Djokovic didn’t immediately return Fox News Digital’s request for comment. The White House didn’t immediately respond to Fox News Digital's request for comment.

Senators Rick Scott and Marco Rubio, both Republicans from Florida, expressed support for the Serbian tennis star and called on Congress to act to eliminate President Biden’s "bogus vaccine mandate."

FLORIDA LAWMAKERS URGE PRESIDENT BIDEN TO GRANT NOVAK DJOKOVIC WAIVER TO PLAY IN US DESPITE VACCINE STATUS

"It has come to our attention that your administration is in receipt of a request to waive the current vaccine mandate for international travelers entering the United States from top-ranked men’s tennis player Novak Djokovic. We write to urge you to grant the requested waiver, which is necessary to allow Mr. Djokovic to compete in the Miami Open professional tennis tournament held in our home state of Florida beginning March 19, 2023," the Republicans said in a joint letter.

In the letter, the Florida lawmakers even reminded Biden that he previously said the pandemic was "over."

"In September 2022, you plainly declared to a national audience on ‘60 Minutes’ that ‘the [COVID-19] pandemic is over,’ and, earlier this year, Dr. Anthony Fauci published a professional article acknowledging the limited efficacy of vaccines in protecting against respiratory pathogens, like the novel coronavirus," the senators continued.

"In light of these changing circumstances, and admissions by you and members of your own administration, the current restrictive vaccine mandate which you have maintained for international travelers entering the United States seems outdated and worthy of rescission.

"Mr. Djokovic is a world-class athlete in peak physical condition who is not at high-risk of severe complications from COVID-19. It seems both illogical and misaligned with the opinions of your own administration to not grant him the waiver he requests so that he may travel to the U.S. to compete in a professional event."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Djokovic last played in the states in the 2021 U.S. Open.

Fox News’ Lawrence Richard contributed to this report.Longtime Kansas City Chiefs wide receiver Otis Taylor, who helped lead the franchise to its first Super Bowl victory in 1970, has died, the team confirmed Friday.

Taylor, who spent more than 10 years with Kansas City, died Thursday after a long battle with Parkinson's disease and dementia.

"The Kansas City Chiefs organization is saddened by the passing of Otis Taylor. My family and I would like to extend our heartfelt condolences to Otis' wife Regina, his sister Odell and the entire Taylor family as we mourn his passing," Chiefs chairman and CEO Clark Hunt said in a statement.

DICK HALEY, WHO HELPED ASSEMBLE 1970S STEELERS DYNASTY, DEAD AT 85

"Otis was a Chief throughout his 11-year career, and he played an integral part in the early success of our franchise. He became a Kansas City icon with his signature touchdown in Super Bowl IV, as he helped the Chiefs bring home our first Lombardi Trophy," Clark added.

"He was one of the most dynamic receivers of his era, and he helped revolutionize the position. Off-the-field, he was kind and dedicated to his community. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family. Otis' legacy will live forever as a member of the Chiefs Hall of Fame."

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Taylor was selected by the Chiefs in the fourth round of the 1965 AFL draft and would go on to have a dynamic career alongside legendary quarterback Len Dawson, who died just seven months before Taylor.

Despite his many accolades, including two Pro Bowl selections, two 1,000-yard seasons and the iconic 46-yard touchdown reception that helped the Chiefs defeat the Minnesota Vikings in Super Bowl IV, Taylor was never inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame.

"Otis made my job easy," Dawson once said. "If you got the pass to Otis, you knew he’d catch it."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

A two-time AFL champion and an AFL MVP, Taylor played for the Chiefs from 1965 to 1975. He finished his career with 7,306 yards and 57 receiving touchdowns.

In 1990, Taylor was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease and associated dementia, which led his family to file a lawsuit against the NFL in 2012, claiming that the league was legally responsible for health issues he experienced, beginning with seizures in 1969.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.Aaron Rodgers is perhaps the best quarterback in the history of the Green Bay Packers, but it seems that they are just about done with him.

Despite four MVPs to his name, Rodgers trade rumors are hot and heavy.

And it seems the Packers would like to see Rodgers traded.

When asked if there is a scenario where Rodgers remains in Green Bay, Packers CEO Mark Murphy had quite a response.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

"Yeah, I mean unless, if things don't work out the way we want them, yeah, we would. He is obviously a great player," Murphy said, via WBAY.

The Packers have quarterback Jordan Love waiting in the wings, and it's been reported the Packers are ready to pass the torch to him.

"They are done with Rodgers," former Packers beat writer Bob McGinn said last month. "He’s not coming back. I mean, they’re disgusted with him, and they’re done with him. And they’re moving on."

Green Bay selected Love in the first round of the 2020 NFL Draft as Rodgers' replacement. Then, Rodgers won back-to-back MVPs. It was a good problem to have, but it definitely altered plans.

PATRIOTS' DEVIN MCCOURTY RETIRES AFTER 13 SEASONS

Murphy added the Packers will trade Rodgers if he requests one and confirmed they gave permission to the Jets to speak with the quarterback. Murphy also said there should be a resolution by the time free agency begins next week.

Murphy all but confirmed that a trade to New York is in the works.

"It’s a situation where I think we wanted to help Aaron achieve what he wanted, as well as the Packers," Murphy told WBAY when asked about giving the Jets permission to speak with the quarterback. "Hopefully, it’ll create a situation where it’s a win for both sides."

Jets owner Woody Johnson, general manager Joe Douglas, head coach Robert Saleh and offensive coordinator Nathaniel Hackett, who once had that same role with Green Bay for Rodgers, visited Rodgers at his California home earlier this week. The owner was reportedly "excited and satisfied" with the meeting.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

And Jets players, notably Sauce Gardner, have been trying to recruit the 2011 Super Bowl champion.Free agent wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr.'s private workout in Arizona reportedly grabbed the attention of several NFL teams.

According to CBS Sports' Jonathan Jones, the Panthers, Giants, Patriots, Rams, Cardinals, 49ers, Bills, Chiefs, Vikings, Browns and Ravens were represented at the workout.

Jones later added the Jets were present.

The Cowboys were notably absent. Team owner Jerry Jones publicly courted Beckham last season, but the two sides never reached a deal.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

"It’s not realistic to think about having him in a meaningful way for the playoffs. Now, that’s not dismissing the future," Jones said in December via The Athletic.

Beckham is coming off a second ACL tear but is still expected to be one of the most highly sought after wide receivers in free agency when the NFL's new league begins March 15.

JETS' SAUCE GARDNER FACETIMES WITH FREE AGENT ODELL BECKHAM JR., DUBS HIMSELF 'THE #1 RECRUITER IN AMERICA'

Beckham last played for the Rams in 2021 before he landed awkwardly during Super Bowl LVI. He caught three passes for 52 yards and a touchdown before the injury.

In his eight regular season games in Los Angeles, the three-time Pro Bowler had 27 catches for 305 yards and five touchdowns.

Beckham has had an up-and-down NFL career since the Giants drafted him the first round of the 2014 draft.

He turned heads with a memorable one-handed catch against the Cowboys during his rookie year and had a productive first three seasons in the league.

Beckham won Offensive Rookie of the Year honors in 2014 and had at least 1,300 receiving yards in each of his first three years in the league.

In recent years, injuries have cut Beckham's production. Aside from the ACL injury, he suffered a fractured leg in 2017.

The Giants decided to trade Beckham to the Browns before the 2019 season. A core muscle injury slowed Beckham shortly after he arrived in Cleveland. He also never seemed to develop a strong relationship with quarterback Baker Mayfield.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Beckham did not work out with any of the teams he visited in December. He is eligible to sign with any team.Novak Djokovic will not participate in the BNP Paribas Open this month after the Biden administration denied his entry to the United States, due to him being unvaccinated against COVID-19.

Djokovic, 35, requested a vaccine waiver, which would have allowed him to enter the U.S. unvaccinated, but it was rejected by the Homeland Security Department.

The 22-time Grand Slam champion subsequently withdrew from the combined ATP-WTA event, which begins Wednesday at Indian Wells Tennis Garden in Indian Wells, California.

The event includes matches in both California and Miami, Florida. It runs through March 19.

NOVAK DJOKOVIC ASKS PERMISSION TO ENTER US FOR TOURNAMENTS DUE TO VACCINE STATUS: 'NOT IN MY HANDS’

Djokovic, who is from Serbia, is currently ranked No. 1 in the world by the Association of Tennis Professionals.

In Djokovic’s latest professional appearance, he lost in the semifinals of the Dubai Tennis Championships to Russia's Daniil Medvedev, 27.

Medvedev went on to defeat fellow Russian Andrey Rublev, 25, in the finals.

FLORIDA LAWMAKERS URGE PRESIDENT BIDEN TO GRANT NOVAK DJOKOVIC WAIVER TO PLAY IN US DESPITE VACCINE STATUS

Sens. Rick Scott and Marco Rubio, both Republicans from Florida, expressed support for the Serbian tennis star and called on Congress to act to eliminate President Biden’s "bogus vaccine mandate."

"It has come to our attention that your administration is in receipt of a request to waive the current vaccine mandate for international travelers entering the United States from top-ranked men’s tennis player Novak Djokovic. We write to urge you to grant the requested waiver, which is necessary to allow Mr. Djokovic to compete in the Miami Open professional tennis tournament held in our home state of Florida beginning March 19, 2023," the Republicans said in a joint letter.

In the letter, the Florida lawmakers even reminded Biden that he previously said the pandemic was "over."

"In September 2022, you plainly declared to a national audience on 60 Minutes that ‘the [COVID-19] pandemic is over,’ and, earlier this year, Dr. Anthony Fauci published a professional article acknowledging the limited efficacy of vaccines in protecting against respiratory pathogens, like the novel coronavirus," the senators continued. "In light of these changing circumstances, and admissions by you and members of your own administration, the current restrictive vaccine mandate which you have maintained for international travelers entering the United States seems outdated and worthy of rescission."

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

They added: "Mr. Djokovic is a world-class athlete in peak physical condition who is not at high-risk of severe complications from COVID-19. It seems both illogical and misaligned with the opinions of your own administration to not grant him the waiver he requests so that he may travel to the U.S. to compete in a professional event."

COVID-19 emergency declarations in the U.S. are set to expire in May.

Djokovic did not compete in the U.S. Open last year due to his COVID-vaccine status and has been public about his decision not to get the vaccine.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Georgian tennis player Nikoloz Basilashvili moved into the Indian Wells draw following Djokovic’s withdrawal.

The Associated Press contributed to this reportJim Boeheim's illustrious career is over after 47 years as Syracuse men's basketball coach.

However, he confused some media members when it seemed he wasn't exactly ready to retire, saying Wednesday it was "up to the university."

Boeheim initially joked that he "gave my retirement speech on the court last Saturday, and I gave it to the press conference afterwards," but no one picked up on it.

However, when the university announced he was no longer the coach, the word "retire" was not used, nor did the release include any quotes from Boeheim.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Former Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski, the only coach Boeheim trails for most wins as a Division I coach, said it was an "awkward" ending.

"The other day was awkward. Syracuse the university and Syracuse athletics and Syracuse basketball, they should all be one in making this announcement," Coach K said. "The fact that there's any ambiguity is wrong. It's not right. I would hope that if that is the case — I'm not saying it is — but I would hope things get right quickly and be celebrated the way it should be.

"The ending has to be better. Maybe we can do this right in a week or in two days. Just where everyone should know what his future is. It should be at Syracuse… so all the fans and everyone knows he’s always going to be a part of that. I can tell you that it’s helped us and our fans. It really has helped the transition. It shows a level of support for the new person."

Boeheim cleared the air Friday, saying he was "thrilled to be retired."

For more clarification, Syracuse athletic director John Wildhack said Boeheim told his team he would not return shortly after the Orange got knocked out of the ACC Tournament by Wake Forest. Wildhack added that the transition to Adrian Autry as the next head coach had long been planned.

KANSAS BASKETBALL COACH BILL SELF TO MISS REMAINDER OF BIG 12 TOURNAMENT AFTER UNDERGOING ‘STANDARD PROCEDURE’

Boeheim admitted he didn't think about retiring until a four-game losing streak late in the season, when he realized that "this is the time."

The 78-year-old went 1,116–440 as a head coach. The NCAA vacated 101 of those wins after an athletics scandal, dropping his official record to 1,015-440. He coached only his alma mater for his entire career.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Vacated wins or not, Boeheim has the second-most victories in NCAA Division I history, and he is the only coach to win an NCAA tournament game in six different decades.

With Wednesday's loss, Syracuse (17-15) likely will not qualify for March Madness this year.The New York Yankees traded with the Oakland Athletics for starter Frankie Montas in 2022 at the MLB deadline, hoping his presence would bolster their rotation for a potential World Series run.

While the Yankees weren’t able to reach that series, they also weren’t able to see the best version of Montas in his limited time on the mound. Now we know why.

Montas revealed on Wednesday that he wasn’t fully healthy when the Yankees acquired him in July.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

"I was like eh-eh. I wasn’t fully 100 percent," Montas said via the New York Post. "I was trying to pitch through it. Of course, I got traded to a new team, I wanted to show what I can do. Things didn’t go the way I was expecting. But I’m here to try to help this team and go out there and show what I can really do when I’m healthy."

Montas was removed from the injured list for a few weeks after dealing with shoulder inflammation while with Oakland when the Yankees made the deal. However, that inflammation resurfaced after eight starts, where Montas owned a 6.35 ERA.

YANKEES ACE GERRIT COLE SHARES THOUGHTS ON MLB'S NEW PITCH CLOCK: ‘ITS GOING TO BE GREAT’

Montas hit the IL, leaving him off the Yankees’ ALDS roster against the Cleveland Guardians. He was on the ALCS roster for the Houston Astros series but only in a relief role.

GM Brian Cashman told the Post in February that Montas had a "clean bill of health" when the trade was made. But he has admitted the trade moves into the "bad category" now.

"We gave up assets and we didn’t get anything for it," Cashman said.

After trying to work through a throwing program this offseason, Montas’s shoulder didn’t show any improvement, leading to a recent surgery to clear out his labrum.

TOP PROSPECT ANTHONY VOLPE HAS ‘IT’ FACTOR, SAYS YANKEES LEGEND

"This was a thing I had to take care of," Montas said. "I don’t have control of it. Of course, trust me, I’m one of the guys that wants to be out there pitching right now and showing what I can do. But things didn’t work out that way, so just trying to rehab and come back so I can help with whatever they want me to do."

He’s expected to miss months, but Montas promises he’ll play this season.

"Oh yeah, no doubt," he said. "I’ll for sure be back this season."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

With Montas not starting the season in the Yankees’ rotation, manager Aaron Boone is currently evaluating a battle between Domingo German and Clarke Schmidt for the final starter spot.The Miami Dolphins are committed to Tua Tagovailoa for the next couple seasons.

The team exercised Tagovailoa's fifth-year option, sources confirmed to the NFL Network.

The Dolphins had until May 2 to decide whether to pick up the quarterback's option.

Despite multiple head injuries throughout the 2022 season, Tagovailoa set career highs in passing yards, touchdowns and completion percentage. He also led the NFL in passer rating last season.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Tagovailoa was sidelined for five games last season after he suffered two concussions over the course of the year. He was ruled out for the Dolphins playoff game against the Bills.

Head coach Mike McDaniel has consistently spoken highly about the type of player he believes Tagovailoa is.

JETS' SAUCE GARDNER FACETIMES WITH FREE AGENT ODELL BECKHAM JR., DUBS HIMSELF 'THE #1 RECRUITER IN AMERICA'

"I think it's important to recognize that we have a congruence of interest by the Dolphins and the player — Tua — that both parties really want him to play at a very high level for a long time for the Miami Dolphins," McDaniel said last month.

General manager Chris Grier has also expressed confidence in the 2020 No. 5 overall draft pick.

"I would say with Tua, he is our starting quarterback," Grier told reporters in January. "I mean, I don't know how we can say it any more clearly. We've been that way through this season and what he's done. What Mike and Tua, (Darrell) Bevell, Chandler (Henley), the coaching staff have all done. They've all worked tremendously hard, all of them together."

Tagovailoa's second confirmed concussion of the season happened during the Dolphins' Christmas Day loss to the Packers. He did not play in any games the remainder of the season.

On Feb. 1, the NFL Network's Ian Rapoport reported Tagovailoa cleared the concussion protocol.

During last week's NFL scouting combine, Grier mentioned that the team was not concerned about committing to the quarterback.

"It's not something that is going to make us afraid to do something long term with him," Grier said. "The one thing he's had, he's been banged up, but he always comes back and bounces back and plays hard and performs. So excited for his future."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Tagovailoa will enter the fourth year of his rookie contract in 2023. His salary of just over of $23 million in 2024 will be fully guaranteed.As the Golden State Warriors and the Memphis Grizzlies prepared for their Thursday night contest, all eyes were on Draymond Green and Dillon Brooks.

The two players exchanged words through the media in the days leading up to the game, the dislike for each other well publicized.

Brooks plainly stated that he disliked Green and the Warriors in an interview with ESPN and Green responded by breaking down Brooks’ quote piece by piece before saying Memphis wasn’t ready to compete for a championship.

WARRIORS’ DRAYMOND GREEN RIPS GRIZZLIES’ DILLON BROOKS: ‘NOT SURE YOUR TEAMMATES LIKE YOU’

The two finally had a chance to square off face-to-face on Thursday and had a chippy moment in the second quarter.

After stealing the ball in the backcourt and scoring to take a 74-57 lead over Golden State, Brooks and Green bumped chests before being separated by a referee.

After the 131-110 loss to the Grizzlies, Green told reporters that Brooks had tried to bait him into a technical foul.

"He thought he would like bait me, like he gets baited," Green said, according to ESPN. "I get technical fouls when I want to get technical fouls. I don't get baited into technical fouls. So, I think that's probably the difference between me and him. If I do that to him, it'd be a double tech, because he'd respond. But it's not a double tech, because I didn't respond. One of us are baitable, one of us aren't."

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Brooks, who had 14 points and was the primary defender on Steph Curry , said he was expecting Green to do a little more talking throughout the game.

"I kind of wanted that play, just to see what he was going to say," Brooks said. "But he took the media approach with that and didn't say nothing, which is cool. I was expecting him to talk a little bit more, but I guess he needs to get all his facts together and talk."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The dislike between the two teams has been brewing for the past few years with the two squaring off in the last two playoffs.

En route to their fourth NBA championship in eight years, the Warriors defeated Memphis in six games in the 2022 NBA Playoffs.

"One team has to win, and then another team has to win," Green said. "That's what creates a rivalry. Not because one team gets up for you and talk like they can beat you and then not. That doesn't create a rivalry. Rivalries are created by you win, I win. Clearly, we've won four times, and I think their organization has zero championships, so I can't consider that a rivalry."The Minnesota Wild hosted its second annual Pride Night on Tuesday against the Calgary Flames, but players had noticeably ditched the Pride-themed jerseys normally worn during warmups in what was reportedly an "organizational decision."

After previously advertising that the players would wear rainbow-colored jerseys in warmups that would be signed and auctioned off in support of the LGBTQIA+ community, players on the ice were only seen using rainbow-colored tape on their sticks and themed pucks before the game.

According to The Athletic, it was an "organizational decision" but a statement from the team before puck drop offered little clarity on the call.

RANGERS BAIL ON WEARING LGBTQ-THEMED WARMUP JERSEYS ON PRIDE NIGHT

"The Minnesota Wild organization is proud to continue our support for the LGBTQIA+ (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, intersex, queer/questioning, asexual) community by hosting our second annual pride night tonight which we are celebrating in many ways. It is important to host nights like this to show all players, fans, and the LGBTQIA+ community that hockey is for everyone."

According to the report, mention of the auction was also seemingly scrubbed from the team’s website.

Wild players previously wore Pride-themed jerseys during Pride Night in 2022.

Fans did get a glimpse of what the jersey would have looked like before the start of the first period when Jack Jablonski, a fixed figure in Minnesota hockey who suffered a severe spinal cord injury while playing in high school and is also openly gay, was shown on the Jumbotron wearing it.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

The Wild players' decision not to wear the themed jerseys follows a number of teams and players who have recently opted not to participate in the NHL’s "Hockey is for Everyone" initiative.

Earlier this year, defenseman Ivan Provorov decided to skip out on the Philadelphia Flyers pregame warmups, when players wore Pride-them jerseys, citing his religious beliefs.

The NHL issued a statement at the time seemingly backing Provorov’s decision, while adding that it will "continue to encourage their voices and perspectives on social and cultural issues."

"Clubs decide whom to celebrate, when and how — with League counsel and support. Players are free to decide which initiatives to support, and we continue to encourage their voices and perspectives on social and cultural issues."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

In January, the New York Rangers did the same with the entire team opting not to wear the jerseys in warmups.

"Our organization respects the LGBTQ+ community, and we are proud to bring attention to important local community organizations as part of another great Pride Night. In keeping with our organization’s core values, we support everyone’s individual right to respectfully express their beliefs," the Rangers told Fox News Digital in a statement.Jordan Spieth approached the ninth hole (his 18th) at the Players Championship at TPC Sawgrass on Friday in jeopardy of missing the cut, and then sliced his drive toward the water.

All hope was lost, until a miracle happened — his errant drive hit a fan in front of the water and wound up rolling right smack in the middle of the fairway.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

A wet shot would have pretty much guaranteed he missed the cut, as he would have had to drop two and take three back at the tee box on the par-5. Instead, he eagled to get to even on the tournament, with the projected cut at 2-over.

Spieth's approach shot missed the green, but he was able to chip in to end his round.

Spieth shot a 3-over 75, so it by no means was a great round, but it certainly was a nice ending that will let him see the weekend and a payday afterwards.

TPC Sawgrass has generally not been kind to Spieth over his professional career. In his first appearance at the Players Championship in 2014, he finished tied for fourth, but from 2015 to 2021, he missed the cut five times, finished T41 in 2018 and T48 in 2021. The tournament did not take place in 2020.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Christiaan Bezuidenhout and Adam Svensson lead the way at 8-under. Defending champion Cameron Smith has since defected to LIV Golf, so he is barred from participating.The NHL has suspended Philadelphia Flyers defenseman Tony DeAngelo for two games after he was ejected from a game earlier this week for spearing Tampa Bay Lightning forward Corey Perry in the groin.

DeAngelo will miss Thursday night’s game against his former team, the Carolina Hurricanes, and Saturday’s matchup against the Pittsburgh Penguins after the NHL’s Department of Player Safety found during a hearing on Wednesday that he intentionally speared Perry with his hockey stick, well after the whistle was blown.

"As the goaltender freezes the puck for a whistle, Perry slashes down on the stick of DeAngelo as he passes through the net front," the league said in a video explanation of the decision.

FLYERS’ TONY DEANGELO EJECTED FOR SPEARING LIGHTNING’S COREY PERRY IN THE GROIN, TO FACE DISCIPLINARY HEARING

"Well after the whistle is blown, DeAngelo circles back toward Perry, pulls back his stick, and drives the point of his stick blade into Perry’s groin with a stabbing motion, causing him to fall to the ice."

"What causes this play to rise to the level of suspension is the premeditated nature of the foul against another unsuspecting opponent well after the whistle, the area of the body where the spear was delivered, and the force of the blow."

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

DeAngelo was assessed a 5-minute major and game misconduct on Tuesday night, leading to his ejection.

"He tried to slash my stick out of my hands a second beforehand. He talks all game," DeAngelo said after the game.

"I asked him to fight, he doesn't want to fight. He'll tell you he's asked me to fight for years. I don't say no. But wasn't trying to give him a shot [where it landed]. Replay probably looks worse."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APPJalen Carter was recently charged with reckless driving in the wake of a crash that killed a Georgia teammate and a recruiting staffer, but it wasn't the first time he was driving dangerously.

Newly released bodycam footage shows that the potential first pick in the NFL Draft had been pulled over back in September for being "reckless" on the road.

Carter was also given citations for his tints - his driver's side window tint was too dark, and in the state of Georgia, windshields may not be tinted at all.

"Your break is you're not going to jail, because I'd be in all types of news," the officer told Carter while explaining he was "not smart" while driving.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

The cop later said that he would have let Carter slide had he not been "reckless," but it's not known how fast Carter was going.

"We wouldn't be talking if you were going the speed limit. I could care less about tints, but when you do something dumb, stupid like that, I'm gonna stack stuff on you. . . . That was reckless," the cop continued.

The officer said that Carter was the third Georgia football player he had pulled over in the last two days, and he had pulled over Dylan Fairchild "a minute ago" for "doing 70" in the same area. However, despite the recent string of arrests, quarterback Stetson Bennett, who was arrested in January for public intoxication, says the Bulldogs do not have a culture issue.

"Those were individual mistakes that those individuals are responsible for. Not a culture issue," he said Friday at the NFL scouting combine in Indianapolis.

"Absolutely not. I would say we're far from it," head coach Kirby Smart told ESPN on Friday when asked the same thing. "When you talk to people outside our program that come into it, they talk about what a great culture we do have, and we do an incredible job. Because I've got a lot of outside entities that come into our program and pour into these young men.

"Do we have perfect young men and women and players? Not necessarily. But I promise you this, that's the intent: for us to grow these guys and get them better. And I feel really good about the culture within our program."

TOP NFL PROSPECT TELLS STEELERS TO 'COME GET ME' SO HE CAN REUNITE WITH COLLEGE TEAMMATE KENNY PICKETT

Carter was initially in Indianapolis on Wednesday to take part in the NFL Scouting Combine but rushed back to Atlanta, where an arrest warrant was issued for his alleged involvement in the crash that killed Georgia offensive lineman Devin Willock and 24-year-old Chandler LeCroy. He was booked at 11:33 p.m. ET in the Athens-Clarke County Jail and released 16 minutes later.

He returned to the combine on Thursday but did not take part in any on-field activities.

The 21-year-old is accused of racing his 2021 Jeep Trackhawk against the 2021 Ford Expedition driven by LeCroy, 24, which led to the wreck. The crash occurred just hours after the Bulldogs celebrated their second straight championship with a parade ceremony.

NFL PROSPECT PASSES AARON DONALD IN RECORD BOOKS AT NFL COMBINE

LeCroy was traveling at 104 mph with a BAC of .197, more than double the legal limit in the state of Georgia.

Carter expects to be "fully exonerated of any criminal wrongdoing" and "answer the misdemeanor charges against me and to make certain that the complete and accurate truth is presented."

He is listed as the top overall prospect in this year's draft. The Chicago Bears own the top pick but are reportedly open to shopping it. Carter was a five-star recruit out of Apopka High School in Florida. He was a unanimous All-American and All-SEC First-Teamer this season. In 2021, he made the All-SEC Second Team.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APPUkraine's Marta Kostyuk refused to shake hands with her Russian opponent Varvara Gracheva after she won a Women's Tennis Association tournament on Sunday.

Kostyuk win at the ATX Open over the weekend marked her first career WTA title. Instead of shaking Gracheva's hand, Kostyuk shook the umpire's hand at the end of the match.

"It was just my choice," Kostyuk said in reference to decision not shake Gracheva's hand, according to The Mirror. "We had a great match, don't get me wrong. She's a great competitor, I respect her as an athlete, but that has nothing to do with her as a human being."

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Kostyuk noted that her win on Sunday was dedicated to "all the people who are fighting and dying" in the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine.

"Being in the position that I'm in right now, it's extremely special to win this title," she said. "I want to dedicate this title to Ukraine and to all the people who are fighting and dying right now."

SERENA, VENUS WILLIAMS' FATHER DEFENDS WILL SMITH, SAYS IT'S TIME FOR 'EVERYONE' TO FORGIVE ACTOR

Russian and Belarusian athletes are allowed to play on the tour, but they cannot display the flags of either of the countries. Fans are also restricted from displaying Russian or Belarusian flags.

Kostyuk has previously been vocal about her feelings about Russian and Belarusian players competing in WTA events.

"Whoever speaks out [regarding the war] clearly I believe has every right to be on tour but whoever doesn't... I don't think it's just humane," she said in January, according to The Mirror. "I don't really talk to anyone [Russian and Belarusian competitors] I barely say 'hi' to them."

The Lawn Tennis Association All England Club, which hosts the annual Wimbledon Grand Slam, is debating on whether it will permit Russian and Belarusian players to participate in this summer's tournament.

Last year, Russian and Belarusian players were not allowed to play in the Grand Slam which resulted in the stripping of ranking points from the tournament and a $1 million fine.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The Australian Open did allow players to compete this year, as long as their flag or country was not displayed. Kostyuk made it to the third round of the Aussie Open before she was eventually defeated by Jessica Pegula.ESPN college basketball analyst Bill Walton has become well known for his colorful commentary, but some think he went too far Thursday night.

During halftime of Arizona State's 77-72 win over USC, Walton used the term "midget" twice when discussing the in-game host in the arena and his broadcast partner.

"He does not need a little chair, because he is a giant in a world of shriveling midgets. And speaking of shriveling midgets, what was your name again?" he asked play-by-play announcer Dave Pasch.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

"What's wrong with you," Pasch replied, later adding he wasn't sure "what you consumed at halftime."

The Little People of America, a nonprofit organization "that provides support and information to people of short stature and their families," caught wind of Walton's language and was not happy with what it heard.

"Those who use the term midget or any terminology that further stigmatizes people born with dwarfism are asked to educate themselves to eradicate this word," the organization said in a statement to TMZ Sports, adding that it was "deplorable and inexcusable."

The organization added it wants the former NBA player to apologize and not use the word again. It also challenged Pasch to "speak up."

"Little People of America is asking Bill Walton to issue an apology and vow to use appropriate terminology rooted in respect and dignity going forward," the organization said. "We hope that in the future Dave Pasch will speak up against disparaging language in solidarity with our organization fighting for disability equity and justice."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Walton has been calling Pac-12 games for ESPN since 2012. He is scheduled to call Friday night's Pac-12 semifinal game between Arizona and Arizona State on ESPN.Joe Rogan was on the call for UFC 285 on Saturday as Jon Jones defeated Ciryl Gane to win the heavyweight title in his return to the Octagon in more than three years.

Before the night made its way to the big main event fight, Rogan had a helping hand in making sure Shavkat Rakhmonov was safe during his bout against Geoff Neal. In the first round, Rogan alerted referee Herb Dean to Rakhmonov’s mouthpiece which fell out during the fight with more than a minute left.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Dean pressed pause on the fight to make sure Rakhmonov found his mouthpiece and then the bout would continue. Daniel Cormier said on the broadcast it did not appear Rakhmonov "cared" about finding the piece of equipment to keep his mouth safe and kept on fighting.

Dean checked Rakhmonov’s mouth and then found the mouthpiece on the floor of the Octagon.

ACTOR JAKE GYLLENHAAL MAKES 'ROAD HOUSE' FILMING APPEARANCE AT UFC 285 WEIGH-IN

"He didn’t know," Rogan said. "If I didn’t tell him, he wouldn’t have known. That’s so crazy."

Rakmonov defeated Neal via submission in the third round and remained undefeated with a 17-0 record. Neal fell to 15-5. Their bout was initially supposed to take place at UFC Fight Night back in January, but Neal pulled out due to an injury.

Their welterweight bout was then rescheduled for March. However, Neal came into the weigh-ins four pounds over the limit and the fight went on as a catchweight.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Rakmonov has been fighting in UFC since 2020. He submitted Alex Oliveira at UFC 254. Neal was in Dana White’s Contender Series 3 in 2017, defeating Chase Waldon via TKO. He then beat Brian Camozzi via submission at UFC Fight Night in 2018.Former Alabama basketball player Darius Miles has been indicted on murder charges in the Jan. 15 shooting death of a 23-year-old woman in January.

Miles claims he gave the murder weapon to Michael Davis, who then allegedly killed Jamea Harris.

Miles was dismissed from the team after his arrest the day of the murder.

Both men have been charged with capital murder. Miles is accused of "aiding and abetting" Davis.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

"While we are not surprised by the indictment based on the reality that a person accused of a crime is not allowed to present any evidence to a grand jury, we are nonetheless disappointed that the government presented this case to the grand jury as capital murder considering the evidence uncovered during our investigation and the obvious weaknesses in the government’s case brought to light during the preliminary hearing," Miles' attorney, Mary Turner, said in a statement.

JIM BOEHEIM, SYRACUSE CLEAR UP QUESTIONS SURROUNDING 'AWKWARD' RETIREMENT

Officials said it appeared the shooting was the result of an argument between the suspects and the victim.

It has since been revealed that the gun legally belonged to Miles, who left it in the backseat of current Bama player Brandon Miller's car.

Miller has continued to play because he has remained out of legal trouble. Police have said there is nothing they can charge the freshman with.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Miles and Davis are both being held in Tuscaloosa County Jail and are expected to have separate trials.Jon Jones is back on the mountaintop.

In his first UFC bout in three years, Jones moved up a weight class and won the heavyweight title with a first-round submission of Ciryl Gane. He won with a guillotine choke at 2:04 to put a dramatic cap on UFC 285 in Las Vegas.

"I'm so excited," Jones said. "I've been working for this for a long time. A lot of people thought I wasn't coming back. I've been faithful to my goal, faithful to my mission."

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Jones’ last fight came on Feb. 8, 2020, against Dominick Reyes, and he took the necessary time to prepare for a new weight class and a new crop of fighters. He believed the time away preparing was worth it and hired a team in Albuquerque, New Mexico, to get into optimal shape.

"I had to show up and get (Gane) down to the ground," Jones said. "I've been wrestling since I was 12 years old. I feel stronger than ever. Once I got him in my hands, I know I could take control."

UFC president Dana White put Jones’ win simply: "Ciryl Gane is a monster. Jon Jones showed up and treated him like a kid."

UFC FIGHTER DUSTIN POIRIER SLAPS HECKLER AT MARDI GRAS PARADE OVER SIGN DISRESPECTING WIFE

Jones’ unbeaten streak was extended to 19 and he improved to 27-1 with one no-contest. He won a record 13 title fights at light heavyweight. He said after the bout he would want to face Stipe Miocic next. White said the fight will take place, but it's unclear when and where.

Gane fell to 11-2 with the loss.

"This one is so painful," he said. "This one is a win lost. So now this is past, and most of all for what I see is in the future. I’m going to go straight back to the gym."

Tom Brady, Mike Evans and Conor McGregor were also in the house for the fight.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Jake Gyllenhaal showed up as well as he shot scenes for the "Road House" reboot.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.The chemical spill in East Palestine, Ohio, hit home for legendary golfer Annika Sorenstam.

Mike McGee is the son of four-time PGA Tour winner Jerry McGee and the husband of LPGA Hall of Famer Annika Sorenstam. McGee grew up with his sister Michelle in East Palestine, Ohio.

A freight train carrying toxic chemicals derailed in the small town on Feb. 3, spurring environmental and health concerns among residents.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

Mike's ties to the area run deep. His mother is a native of the area and was a schoolteacher for 20 years. His father was a volunteer basketball coach. Jerry McGee died two years ago at age 77.

Although Mike and Annika no longer live in the area, they are still connected to the community. "My mom has some friends she talks to and the world feels like it’s ending every day," Mike said.

JORDAN SPIETH SET TO MAKE CUT AT PLAYERS AFTER ERRANT DRIVE HITS FAN WHO SAVED IT FROM GOING IN WATER

As the community faces an uphill battle, Sorenstam and her husband are lending a helping hand. The couple created the "Annika Fore East Palestine" campaign.

According to Golf Week, the campaign is the result of a partnership with Youngstown Mahoning Valley United Way, The Way Station and businessman Ed Muransky, owner of The Muransky Companies.

"What happened and continues to happen in East Palestine is a tragedy that makes everyone’s heart hurt," Sorenstam said. "Mike’s connection to the area brings this suffering right to our doorstep. His first job in high school was at the Lake Club, and my father-in-law was the pro emeritus there after he retired from the Champions Tour."

Mike remains shocked by what is happening to his hometown, which reported a population of less than 5,000 in the 2020 census.

"It’s shocking," said Mike. "The big thing is the soil and the water treatment."

The campaign will include a celebrity golf event in May at The Lake Club in Poland, Ohio, which is 15 minutes outside of East Palestine, Ohio.

"Mike and I wanted to do something to help his hometown during this time of need, and Ed was his first call. He’s very philanthropic and ran with the idea," Sorenstam said.

"East Palestine is a close-knit community, and I enjoyed my many visits there over the years. We even had both of our kids baptized there, and held our receptions at the Lake Club afterwards, so this fundraiser brings us full circle."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

All the money raised will be given to the United Way of Youngstown and the Mahoning Valley fund in support of East Palestine.During a recent stream on Twitch, eight-time NBA All-Star Kyrie Irving made it clear he was not happy about the way he is perceived by the public following his recent controversies.

Irving also addressed the idea he has created problems in locker rooms throughout his NBA career.

"I am not a cancer," Irving said in the Twitch video.

The crux of Irving's argument seemed to hinge on the idea that people have judged him based on the few hours they get to watch him perform in games.

CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM

"You see me for three hours, and you think you know who I am. You see a few posts. ‘Oh Ky is woke, Ky got it. Oh, Ky is, oh my goodness. He just doesn’t fit into the mold of all the people. He’s different, he’s crazy, he’s arrogant, he’s this, he’s that.’

"All from seeing me for three hours. You get all that."

KEVIN DURANT ‘DISAPPOINTED’ HE COULDN’T FINISH SEASON WITH KYRIE IRVING, ‘CAN’T FAULT’ HIM FOR TRADE REQUEST

His comments came after the Mavericks lost 113-106 and Irving appeared to get into an argument with a fan during the game over the guard sharing an antisemitic movie.

Irving served an eight-game suspension when he was with the Nets after he posted a link to the film. As the controversy about the social media post grew, Nike parted ways with Irving.

He also addressed speculation surrounding his departures from the Cavaliers, Celtics and Nets.

"‘What’s Ky gonna do this summer? Does Ky like Dallas? What happened in Brooklyn? What happened in Boston? What happened in Cleveland? Why did you leave LeBron [James]? Why did you leave Jayson [Tatum]? Why did you leave KD [Kevin Durant]? Why did you leave all these people?'"

Irving also noted that the other "21 hours every day" outside of games should be considered. He also said "older, bitter gentlemen and women" were responsible for portraying him as a "cancer" when there are 15 players on an NBA team.

In July 2017, ESPN's Stephen A. Smith reported that Irving didn't want to play for the Cavaliers anymore because he didn't like feeling "like he's the child and LeBron's the father or big brother he's supposed to look up to."

JAKE PAUL RUNS AWAY FROM ALTERCATION WITH FLOYD MAYWEATHER AFTER HEAT GAME

During the Forbes' Under 30 Summit in 2018, Irving mentioned that, at one point in his life, he believed in conspiracy theories. He also previously declared that the earth was flat, but he later apologized for those remarks.

In October 2018, when Irving was in Boston, he vowed to sign an extension with the Celtics but ultimately changed his mind a few months later.

In a May 2019 report from Jeff Goodman of Stadium, an unnamed Celtics player said Irving was "hard to play with" because he makes things "all about him."

Irving did not speak with the media for the majority of Brooklyn's home games during the 2021-22 amid his controversial decision to decline the COVID-19 vaccine.

On Feb. 3, Irving requested a trade from the Nets after he declined a contract extension. A few days later, he was sent to the Mavericks.

The Nets received Spencer Dinwiddie, Dorian Finney-Smith, a 2027 second-round pick, an unprotected 2029 first-round pick and a 2029 second round-pick in exchange for Irving and Markieff Morris.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Irving has teamed up with superstar Luka Dončić in Dallas. The Mavs have won three of the nine games the two have played in. Dončić and Irving combined for 82 points in a win over the 76ers last week.

Dončić and Irving became the first duo in franchise history to score at least 40 points in the same game. In his 11 starts for the Mavs, Irving is averaging 27.5 points and 6.6 assists.