The president of the U.N. General Assembly announced Tuesday that Lebanon, Gabon and South Sudan made sufficient payments to restore their voting rights in the 193-member world body, leaving Venezuela as the only country that is barred from voting.

UN COMMITTEE VOTES FOR ISRAEL TO DISPOSE OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS, ALLOW INTERNATIONAL INSPECTORS

President Csaba Kőrösi told a plenary meeting of the assembly that the three countries reduced their arrears to the U.N. regular budget below the amount specified in the U.N. Charter to cut off voting rights.

The Charter states that countries will be barred from voting if their arrears equal or exceed their assessed contribution to the U.N. budget for the previous two years.

UNITED NATIONS CONDEMNS DEPLOYMENT OF SOUTH SUDANESE TROOPS TO DISPUTED REGION OF ABYEI

Assembly spokeswoman Paulina Kubiak said four countries remain in arrears but the General Assembly adopted a resolution in October giving three poor and conflict-torn countries -- the Comoros, Sao Tome and Principe, and Somalia – permission to vote until the end of the current session in September.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

That leaves only the fourth country, Venezuela, in arrears and unable to vote.Seven people were killed, including an unborn child, after a gunman opened fire during a Jehovah's Witness hall meeting in Hamburg, Germany reports said Friday.

The gunman, identified only as Philipp F. due to German privacy laws, fired over 100 rounds in what is believed to have been a solo attack Thursday night before taking his own life.

His motive remains unconfirmed, though he was reported to have been a former member of the religious group who posed "ill-feelings" toward the community, according to the BBC.

GERMAN AUTHORITIES: SHOTS FIRED INSIDE CHURCH RESULTING IN SEVERAL FATALITIES

Chancellor Olaf Scholz, a former mayor of Hamburg, described the attack as "a brutal act of violence."

Footage has since emerged of the Thursday attack taken from a resident near the hall that showed the gunman firing through a window into the meeting.

Two women and four men were killed during the attack along with a seven-month-old unborn child. The mother of the child survived the attack after being hit in the womb, the BBC reported Friday.

Another eight people were injured in the attack, including four others who were seriously injured.

GERMAN AUTHORITIES RESPOND TO SHOOTING INSIDE JEHOVAH'S WITNESS HALL THAT KILLED MULTIPLE PEOPLE

A call was made to emergency authorities at 9:04 p.m. after gun shots rang out in Germany’s second-largest city. By 9:09, a special operations unit had arrived on the scene.

"We can assume that they saved many people’s lives," Hamburg’s State Interior Minister Andy Grote told reporters, calling the shooting "the worst crime that our city has experienced recently."

Hamburg Police Chief Ralf Martin Meyer said the guns were legally owned and that the gunman had a weapons license.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Meyer also said that the 35-year-old had been flagged as possibly being unsuitable to own a weapon, but that authorities could not find that any regulations had been broken to remove said weapons.

German authorities did not need to fire a single shot after arriving at the scene.

It is unclear when exactly the gunman took his own life.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.Prosecutors have formally accused Barcelona of corruption because of its payments of millions of euros over several years to a company that belonged to the vice president of Spain's football refereeing committee.

The decision, made official on Friday, was reported this week by Spanish newspaper El País. An investigating judge will decide whether the accusations should lead to charges.

Barcelona, which denies wrongdoing, has been under scrutiny since the club's payments became public. The payments were initially investigated as part of a tax probe into the company.

LIONEL MESSI LEAVING FC BARCELONA AFTER HISTORIC CAREER WITH CLUB

Prosecutors in Barcelona have issued three accusations which include alleged corruption in sports and fraudulent management. The other accusation related to the alleged falsification of mercantile documentation.

Spanish soccer has been rocked since it was revealed that Spain’s tax officials were probing Barcelona's payment of 1.4 million euros ($1.5 million) from 2016-18 to a company belonging to José María Enríquez Negreira, a former referee who was a part of the Spanish Football Federation refereeing committee from 1994 to 2018.

The prosecutors said in court documents seen by the Associated Press that the payments by the club actually reached 7.3 million euros ($7.7 million) from 2001-18. They added that this "quantity was not justified because it was not foreseen in the statutes of the club nor approved by its general assembly (of club members)."

That scenario would mean that Barcelona paid Enríquez Negreira’s company during different club presidents, including from 2003-10 under the first term of current president Joan Laporta, who again took charge in 2021. Laporta, however, is not being accused by the prosecutor and has denied any wrongdoing.

The accusations are against Barcelona the club, Enríquez Negreira, former Barcelona presidents Sandro Rosell and Josep Maria Bartomeu, and former Barcelona executives Óscar Grau and Albert Soler.

Prosecutors said there was sufficient evidence to believe that Rosell and Bartomeu, who ran Barcelona in consecutive terms from 2010-20, "reached a confidential, verbal agreement" with Enríquez Negreira, who, "in exchange for money, was to carry out acts tending to favor Barcelona football club in the decision-making process of referees in the games played by Barcelona, and in the results of the competitions."

There is so far no evidence that referees or game results were actually influenced.

The refereeing committee to which Enríquez Negreira belonged assigned referees to games, chose which ones worked in which division, and picked the ones for international competitions.

Barcelona has consistently denied any wrongdoing or conflict of interest, saying it paid for technical reports on referees but never tried to influence their decisions in games.

Getting reports on referees is common practice and clubs can pay other companies or have them prepared internally, as Barcelona does now. But paying large amounts of money to a person involved in the running of Spain’s referees for reports is not a normal practice.

BARCELONA PRESIDENT CONFRONTS REFEREES AFTER EL CLÁSICO LOSS: REPORT

Bartomeu, who has denied any wrongdoing, told ABC newspaper last month: "It looks like with this service we were asking for more penalties in our favor or that we wanted to condition the referees’ decision, but it is not true. This person (Enríquez Negreira) had zero power over referees."

Several former and current referees, including their current president, have all denied that they ever received any orders or pressure to favor Barcelona.

Enríquez Negreira told Cadena SER radio that he never favored Barcelona while assigning referees to matches, and his job was to only aid the club verbally about how players should conduct themselves before each referee.

The scandal threatens to stain Barcelona's golden age when Lionel Messi and company dominated Spanish soccer. During the years that prosecutors say Barcelona paid Enríquez Negreira, Barcelona won nine Spanish leagues and six Copa del Reys.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Other than an initial statement by the club and its president when the payments were first reported by Cadena SER last month, Barcelona has remained silent on the scandal. The club has hired a law firm to carry out its own investigation of the payments, whose results it is expected to make public.Brazil’s President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva announced measures Wednesday seeking to promote and protect women after years of setbacks in their causes blamed in part on a rise in far-right forces.

At a ceremony in the capital, Brasilia, Lula presented a package of over 25 measures, the most significant of which is a bill that would guarantee equal pay for women and men who perform the same jobs.

He also announced plans to spend $72 million to build domestic violence shelters and $19 million for science projects led by women.

BRAZIL'S LULA INAUGURATED AS NEW PRESIDENT AFTER BOLSONARO REPORTEDLY FLED TO FLORIDA HOME OF MMA FIGHTER

The president has expressed his indebtedness for the votes of women who helped him beat incumbent Jair Bolsonaro in the 2022 election. And on Wednesday he blamed his predecessor for policy decisions that harmed Brazilian women.

"The previous government lacked respect when it opted for the destruction of public policies, cut essential budgetary resources and tacitly motivated violence against women," said the president, flanked by his female ministers, for the ceremony on International Women's Day.

Of Lula’s 37 ministers, a record-high 11 are women. During most of his administration, Bolsonaro had just two female ministers.

Several of Lula's announced measures, including the spending on shelters and science projects, are by decree. However, others require congressional approval and given that Lula's legislative base has yet to be consolidated it is difficult to gauge whether he will have enough votes, said Beatriz Rey, a senior researcher at the Center for Studies on the Brazilian Congress at the State University of Rio de Janeiro.

"It is possible that some support beyond party lines will help the administration on this specific issue of salary equality," Rey said in a telephone interview.

Advocates say the policies of Bolsonaro’s administration dovetailed with the spread of extremism in Brazil, which together contributed to the deterioration of gender equality.

"Bolsonaro was not the cause of this; he was the symptom of something bigger, which is the consolidation and rise of the far-right in Brazilian society," said Samira Bueno, executive director of Brazilian Forum on Public Security, a non-profit that last week published a report showing an 18.4% rise in all forms of gender-based violence in 2022.

Bueno told The Associated Press that such forces have been gathering over the past decade, as an example pointing to the School Without Party movement that encouraged parents and children to report teachers attempting to teach sexual education and women’s rights.

And Bolsonaro’s loosening of gun controls spurred domestic violence, Bueno said. In 2022, 5.1% of women said they were threatened with knives or firearms, as opposed to 3.1% in 2021, according to her group’s recent report.

"This uptick didn’t happen randomly. It happened because you had a federal government policy to allow more civilians to own and carry firearms," Bueno said.

On Jan. 1, Lula's first day on the job, he rolled back some of Bolsonaro’s decrees to loosen gun control. His government also required civilians to register their guns with the Federal Police by a deadline later this month; as of mid-February just a fraction had done so as the pro-gun lobby aligned with Bolsonaro pushes back on the registration effort.

Among campaigners and civil society, there is also an expectation that Lula will restart policies and programs that worked in the past but were affected by budget cuts. That includes revitalization of the national hotline for domestic violence victims, which lost funding during the Bolsonaro government.

A study published in March 2022 by the Institute of Socioeconomic Studies, a Brasilia-based non-profit, showed funding for the hotline fell 42% to 25.8 million reais from 2019 to 2021. The same study found that the amount budgeted for the Ministry of Women and Human Rights to fight gender violence in 2022 was the least in four years.

BRAZIL'S LULA SWORN IN, PLEDGES TO REBUILD COUNTRY, HOLD OUTGOING BOLSONARO ADMIN ACCOUNTABLE

And, in 2021, only 0.01% of the Justice Ministry’s National Public Security Fund went towards programs to fight gender violence; a law passed last year established a 5% minimum.

Speaking to the AP on Wednesday in Paraisopolis, Sao Paulo’s second-largest favela, or slum, Juliana da Costa Gomes lamented the impact of Bolsonaro’s government in increasing domestic violence and diminishing the cause for women.

"But I think we are living in another moment," said Gomes, 37, who in 2017 founded a program to provide professional training to women in vulnerable situations, roughly a decade after helping to establish the favela's womens' association. "It’s a moment of hope, for a new Brazil that can be better for women."

At the ceremony on Wednesday, Lula also issued a decree to guarantee distribution of free menstrual pads for all poor and vulnerable women; Bolsonaro in 2021 vetoed a bill that had sought to do the same.

Lula was joined by first lady Rosângela da Silva, known as Janja, who has been a constant presence at both his private meetings and public events. She recently took an official position within his government, liaising with ministries as well as advising the president.

By contrast, Bolsonaro’s wife, Michelle, remained out of view during the first three years of his administration, emerging during the 2022 campaign in an effort to drum up votes from women and evangelicals.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"If it depended on this government, inequality would end today by decree. But it is necessary to change policies, mentalities and an entire system built to perpetuate male privileges. And this, my friends, is only possible with a lot of fight," Lula said.South Korea's labour minister said on Thursday that lifting the weekly work hour cap to 69 hours from 52 will give working mothers more choice and help them raise children amid growing concerns over the country’s falling birth rates.

The government says allowing workers to accrue more overtime hours in return for time off later will mean people who want to take longer breaks - such as parents or caregivers - will be able to do so.

"We’ll introduce bold measures to help cut working hours during pregnancy or while raising children," the minister, Lee Jung-sik, told a media briefing when asked whether the labour reform proposal will help tackle South Korea's fertility crisis.

GA SENATE APPROVES BILL TO GIVE CASH TO LOW-INCOME PREGNANT WOMEN

Critics of the measure, however, have said that the measures will hurt, not help, working mothers and other women.

"While men will work long hours and be exempt from care responsibilities and rights, women will have to do all the care work," the Korean Women's Associations United said in a recent statement.

South Korea has the lowest fertility rate in the world -- 0.78 in 2022. President Yoon Suk Yeol on Wednesday ordered "bold measures" to tackle the country’s fertility rate.

The ministry said the labour reform proposal, first unveiled in December and officially announced on Monday, is part of efforts to bring more labour flexibility and improve work-life balance in a country where many women are forced to choose between their career and raising children.

BLACK WOMEN AGES 20-50 ARE TWICE AS LIKELY TO HAVE HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE THAN WHITE WOMEN, SAYS NEW STUDY

It would supersede a 2018 law that limited the work week to 52 hours - 40 hours of regular work plus 12 hours of overtime. The Ministry of Employment and Labor said the law had made the labour market more rigid.

While the move has been welcomed by business interest groups, it has been criticized by the opposition and unions as neglecting workers’ rights.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"It will make it legal to work from 9 a.m. to midnight for five days in a row. There is no regard for workers' health and rest," the Korean Confederation of Trade Unions said in a statement.

Lee Jae-myung, leader of the main opposition Democratic Party with a parliamentary majority, said on Wednesday that his party would block the bill.The Belarusian government is struggling to thwart an internal guerrilla group that opposes Minsk’s assistance to Russia and has engaged in a sabotage campaign since the war in Ukraine kicked off.

Earlier this week, opposition activists from the Association of Security Forces of Belarus (BYPOL), a group formed following the 2020 political turmoil in Belarus, attacked a Russian warplane outside the capital city using drones.

"Belarusians will not allow the Russians to freely use our territory for the war with Ukraine, and we want to force them to leave," one retired Belarusian serviceman, who joined a group of saboteurs and goes by the name Anton, told The Associated Press in a report Friday.

BELARUSIAN COMMANDER IN UKRAINE SAYS 'MATTER OF TIME' BEFORE HE HAS TO FIGHT HIS OWN COUNTRY IN RUSSIA'S WAR

"The Russians must understand on whose side the Belarusians are actually fighting," he added.

Though Belarus has not become directly involved in Russia’s war effort, Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko has been one of the few world leaders to vocally support Vladimir Putin’s "special military operation," and he has permitted Russian troops to deploy into northern Ukraine from his borders.

Russia has also frequently relied on Belarusian airspace to launch missiles at Ukraine.

Lukashenko’s positive feelings toward Putin’s war effort are not necessarily widely shared.

The sabotage group has been sporadically attacking Belarusian train systems since the war began in an effort to block Russian supplies from reaching its troop on the southern border.

Lukashenko also claimed earlier this week to have found the culprits behind a drone strike that hit a Russian Beriev A-50, which apparently had to be returned to Russia for repairs.

UKRAINE ACCUSES RUSSIA OF BRINGING BELARUS INTO WAR AFTER MISSILE LAUNCHES FROM NORTHERN NEIGHBOR

The authoritarian president claimed that one Ukrainian saboteur and more than 20 accomplices were detained following the strike, though the Belarusian saboteurs on Friday said otherwise.

"We are not familiar with the person Lukashenko talked about," BYPOL leader Aliaksandr Azarau said, adding that the people involved in the attack were able to successfully flee the country.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Ukraine has also denied having any involvement in sabotage attacks within Belarus.

"We have a two-headed enemy these days," Azarau, who also remains outside Belarus, said. He added that the group aims to free Belarus "from the Russian occupation" and from the Lukashenko regime.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.Egyptian prosecutors Wednesday ordered the detention of an engineer pending an investigation into a train crash a day earlier that killed four people near Cairo.

The passenger train slammed into a concrete barrier at a station in Qalyub city while traveling Tuesday to the Nile Delta city of Menouf, prosecutors said in a statement. As a result, the locomotive and the first carriage were knocked off the tracks.

NORTHERN EGYPT TRAIN DERAILMENT KILLS 2, INJURES 16

Initial investigations blamed high speed for the crash, which left at least 23 people injured, according to the statement.

Prosecutors said the engineer, the train's driver, would be detained for four days while an investigation continues.

ARCHAEOLOGISTS IN EGYPT UNEARTH SPHINX-LIKE ROMAN-ERA STATUE

It was the latest train crash in Egypt, where railroad accidents claim many lives every year.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Following a series of deadly crashes in recent years, the government embarked on an ambitious plan to modernize the country’s railway system, which has a long history of mismanagement and poor maintenance.A Delta Air Lines flight parked at a Chilean airport in close proximity to another plane carrying more than $32 million in cash from Miami was not struck by gunfire during a deadly attempted heist Wednesday, according to the airline, despite videos circulating online suggesting otherwise.

A spokesperson for Delta Air Lines told Fox News Digital by email Thursday that there was no gunfire damage to Delta's aircraft at Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport.

"This was confirmed through hours of meticulous inspection to the aircraft yesterday," the spokesperson said. "Delta would not ever operate an airplane in a damaged or unsafe condition."

Another plane for LATAM Airlines, which is a Delta partner, was carrying $32.5 million in cash that was shipped from Miami for distribution to several banks in the South American country.

MEXICO'S PRESIDENT CLAIMS COUNTRY HAS ‘MORE DEMOCRACY’ THAN THE US, IN REBUKE OF STATE DEPARTMENT

Around 10 heavily armed robbers were able to skirt security measures to reach the runway at the airport, where a LATAM aircraft had $32.5 million in cash that was being transferred to an armored truck, Interior Subsecretary Manuel Monsalve said.

There was a shootout between the would-be robbers and security officials that killed an employee of the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGAC), as well as an alleged assailant. The other robbers fled. Two burned vehicles were later found nearby.

"Our hearts go out to the loved ones of those impacted by yesterday’s sad events at Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport," Delta Air Lines said in a statement to Fox News Digital. "Delta will work closely with all aviation stakeholders as these events are investigated. Nothing is more important than the safety of our customers and our people."

"The brave action by the DGAC officials frustrated the robbery," Monsalve said, noting that the would-be robbers were "highly organized" and "very armed."

10 ARMED GUNMEN ATTEMPTED $32M HEIST AT CHILE AIRPORT, LEAVING 2 DEAD

The Associated Press, and other outlets, reported video posted on social media "appeared to show bullet holes in a Delta plane that was parked next to the Latam aircraft that was targeted."

But the Delta spokesperson refuted those claims, saying the aircraft was extensively examined following the incident and confirmed to be clear of damage. Its flight to Atlanta Wednesday night happened on schedule. There were also no reported injuries to Delta people or customers.

Another video appears to show a moment in the shootout during which a lot of gunshots can be heard.

"There was no risk to passengers," DGAC chief Raúl Jorquera said.

The attempted robbery "will undoubtedly lead us to revise processes, protocols that must be improved… it forces us to rethink many things," Jorquera said.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

This was not the first time the airport in Chile’s capital was targeted. In 2020, thieves stole some $15 million from a warehouse in the airport, six years after a similar $10 million heist.

President Gabriel Boric bemoaned the latest heist during a speech Wednesday, saying "when there’s insecurity, everything else wobbles."

The Associated Press contributed to this report.Concerns over a Chinese invasion of Taiwan continue to mount with Beijing now suspected of involvement in damaging some of the island nation's undersea internet cables this week in another show of deliberate harassment.

The disruption to Taiwan’s internet was not only a nuisance for the island’s inhabitants and visitors, it also revealed significant implications for Taiwan's national security.

There is no definitive evidence that China purposefully cut the internet lines, but the incident brought renewed attention to what an attack on Taiwan might look like and whether the U.S. would be able to adequately stop it.

U.S. INTEL COMMUNITY WARNS OF 'COMPLEX' THREATS FROM CHINA, RUSSIA, NORTH KOREA

U.S. war games involving a Chinese takeover of Taiwan generally involve a large-scale amphibious attack that would attempt to quickly and efficiently take the island and its international allies by surprise.

President Biden has said he will send troops to counter a Chinese land invasion, which would likely prompt responses from other regional U.S. allies and could make this form of assault costly and deadly for all parties involved.

But it has also prompted questions over whether the U.S. is capable of engaging with China in a traditional kinetic attack like the ongoing war in Ukraine.

"China does have a military advantage," retired Gen. Jack Keane, a Fox News senior strategic analyst, said. "They have more ships, more airplanes, more offensive and defensive missiles than the United States has."

A war game conducted by the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) earlier this year simulated what would happen following an amphibious attack on Taiwan by the People's Republic of China, and it revealed that the U.S. likely would run out of long-range precision-guided missiles within a week.

"The only advantage militarily that we have are our nuclear submarines," Keane said, pointing out that even with that advantage, the U.S. still needed more of these specialized subs.

But, Keane argued this form of warfare was unlikely to be how China actually would carry out an assault, which Chinese President Xi Jinping is said to have slated for 2027, according to U.S. defense officials.

CHINA'S XI DEMANDS RAPID MILITARY UPGRADE TO 'WORLD-CLASS STANDARDS'

"A more likely scenario would be a quarantine or a blockade of Taiwan where China would attempt to control the airspace, as well as the sea lanes, and gain control of it without firing a shot," the retired four-star general said.

China regularly has harassed and intimidated Taiwan by sending warplanes and naval ships off the island, which one commander of the U.S. Pacific Air Forces said this week will play a key role in stopping China if it were to launch a kinetic attack against Taiwan.

Speaking to reporters at the Air & Space Forces Association Warfare Symposium in Colorado on Wednesday, Gen. Kenneth Wilsbach said, "You saw when Speaker Pelosi went to Taiwan what [China] did with their ships. They put them on the east side of Taiwan… as a sort of blockade.

"We've got to sink the ships," he added, according to Military.com.

How the U.S. would respond to a blockade on Taiwan or the slow takeover of smaller islands connected to Taiwan remains unclear.

"[It puts] the onus on the adversary, in this case Taiwan, the U.S. and our allies," Keane explained, adding that in this scenario, the principle of deterrence would play an immense role.

"We’re in a position here where we have to build up our deterrence capability," he said. "We want that to prevent a war."

WHITE HOUSE RESPONDS TO CHINA, SAYS 'WE DO NOT WANT CONFLICT'

Keane said in order to successfully deter China from prompting a war that would involve two major superpowers, the U.S. would need to drastically ramp up its arms production, weapons stockpiles and the development of advanced missile systems like hypersonic missiles.

But, the U.S. also would need to better arm Taiwan and fill the current backlog of arms that America has owed to the island, he added.

"Taiwan by themselves could never defeat the Chinese military, but they could impose significant costs on China," Keane said. "We’ve got a $19 billion backlog on military equipment that Taiwan has already purchased."

He continued, "Taiwan doesn’t need a handout in terms of military equipment, they can buy it themselves."

The U.S. is not the only nation in the region with a vested interest in making sure Beijing does not take control of the island.

Australia, South Korea, Japan and the Philippines, which have endured overt Chinese aggression for years, have thrown their weight behind the U.S. as well.

"This is all necessary," Keane said, "because when we bring the aggregate coalition together with the United States, we begin to match China’s capability. Their willingness to engage in this with us is very significant in terms of deterrence."

Some estimates suggest that it could take the U.S. nearly a decade to adequately fill its stockpiles to fend off a Chinese invasion — a time frame that may not be enough to tamper Beijing’s ambitions for Taiwan.

Not only would "reuniting" Taiwan with mainland China give Beijing a geopolitical boost and effectively supersede the U.S.' influence in the region, it would subject the South China Sea to even more Chinese dominance.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"Every one of our allied countries in the region would have to work out some kind of a deal with China," Keane said. "Secondly, Taiwan is a high-tech base. Every country in the world, to include the U.S., is completely dependent on Taiwan."

He continued, "And if China takes control of that, then they take control of the major influence that drives our automobiles, our iPhones, our military capabilities — that gives them enormous economic control."Two sisters from a Texas border town and another woman are reportedly missing after crossing the border in to Mexico last month to sell clothing at a flea market.

The Associated Press reported Friday that 48-year-old Marina Perez Rios and her younger sister Maritza Trinidad Perez Rios, 47, haven't been heard from since Feb. 24 after driving to the city of Montemorelos in the Nuevo León state.

Their friend, 53-year-old Dora Alicia Cervantes Saenz, was also along for the trip.

The two sisters are from the small city of Peñitas, which is a few hundred feet from the Rio Grande. It's unclear where Saenz is from.

US ISSUES 'DO NOT TRAVEL' WARNING FOR PARTS OF MEXICO AS SPRING BREAK APPROACHES

Peñitas Police Chief Roel Bermea told The AP the women's families have been in touch with Mexican authorities, who are investigating their disappearance. The State Prosecutor's Office has also been investigating the women's disappearance, The AP said.

The FBI and U.S. Customs and Border Protection are also allegedly aware of the missing women, but could not be reached by Fox News Digital Friday night for comment.

Bermea said the husband of one of the women talked with her on the phone while the trio was traveling in Mexico on Feb. 24, but he couldn't reach her after that conversation and became concerned.

"Since he couldn’t make contact over that weekend, he came in that Monday and reported it to us," Bermea said – the Monday in question would have been Feb. 27.

The police chief shared that the women were traveling in a green mid-1990s Chevy Silverado and the city they were traveling to is approximately three hours from the border.

DEADLY MEXICO KIDNAPPING HIGHLIGHTS DANGERS OF US CITIZENS SEEKING MEDICAL PROCEDURES IN REGION

Many questions remain in the disappearance of the three women as limited information has been released publicly – a case that stands in stark contrast to the abduction of four Americans who traveled to Mexico for plastic surgery last week.

Two of the four were allegedly killed by the Mexican Gulf Cartel after the van they were traveling in was shot at multiple times in the border city of Matamoros, Tamaulipas. Horrifying surveillance video from the area showed the Americans being hauled off from the scene of the shooting in a pickup truck. An innocent Mexican woman was also killed in the shooting.

The two survivors were found Tuesday in a wooden shack near the Gulf Coast following a massive search involving Mexican soldiers and National Guard troops.

On Thursday, the Gulf Cartel apologized for the act of violence against the innocent, stating it goes against their rules, and turned five members they say were involved in the shooting and abduction into authorities.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

According to The AP, approximately 112,000 Mexicans are missing nationwide, but the only people seemingly looking for them are their loved ones.

The outlet noted that the lack of manpower, equipment and training in Mexico does not even allow for authorities to identify tens of thousands of bodies that have been found.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.Women in Turkey braved an official ban on an International Women’s Day march in Istanbul, demonstrating for about two hours before police used tear gas to disperse remaining protesters and detained several people.

Thousands converged on a central neighborhood Wednesday for a protest that combined women's rights with the staggering toll of the deadly quake that hit Turkey and Syria a month ago.

Organizers had been forbidden — for the second straight year — from marching down the popular Istiklal pedestrian avenue in Turkey's biggest city where Women's Day marches were held since 2003. Police blocked demonstrators' access to the avenue. An Associated Press journalist saw officers detain at least 30 people and use tear gas after the group ended their demonstration at 2100 local time (1800 GMT).

BRAZIL'S LULA USES WOMEN'S DAY TO TOUT NEW SPENDING PLANS

Local authorities banned the march, saying the area was not an authorized demonstration site. They also claimed the march could "provoke" segments of Turkish society, lead to verbal or physical attacks, be misused by terror groups and threaten national security — as well as curtailing freedom of movement in the cultural and tourist area.

Metro stations in the vicinity were closed.

Lale Pesket, a 28-year-old theater student, said that was unfair.

"We are not harming anyone, but unfortunately, we are faced with police violence every time," she said. "Our only concern is the emancipation of women, we want free spaces in a world without violence and better economic conditions, especially for women."

Protesters held banners reading "we are angry, we are in mourning" for the more than 46,000 people who died in Turkey in buildings widely considered unsafe and the hundreds of thousands left homeless in the Feb. 6 quake.

TURKISH OPPOSITION LEADERS NOMINATE ERDOGAN CHALLENGER

One banner read "control contractors, not women," referring to contractors who are accused of ignoring building regulations and contributing to the devastation.

"Living as a woman in Turkey is already difficult enough and one of the reasons we are here is ... the earthquake ... and the people who were left under the rubble," 23-year-old university student Gulsum Ozturk said.

Protest organizers also slammed the government for withdrawing from a European treaty — signed in 2011 in Istanbul and named after the city — that protects women from domestic violence, and "endangering the lives of millions of women."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Turkey's We Will Stop Femicides Platform said 328 women were killed by men in the past year.Argentina has confirmed its first case of bird flu in industrial poultry, its agriculture secretary said on Tuesday, causing it to suspend avian product exports and raising fears the disease could spread and hurt exports from the South American nation.

The case was detected in the southern province of Rio Negro, an area with ​​low poultry density, Secretary Juan Jose Bahillo said on Twitter.

"Our poultry products continue to be safe for Argentines. The suspension of exports responds to the requirements of international regulations," he said, adding that the measure from the country's food safety agency aimed to avoid further spread.

MAINE WILDLIFE AUTHORITIES FIND 6 DEAD WILD DUCKS THAT TESTED POSITIVE FOR BIRD FLU

CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP

Some 25 cases have been confirmed so far, mostly in wild birds. The first cases were reported in mid-February and caused the country to declare a sanitary emergency.

Poultry products generate exports for Argentina valued at just over $350 million per year.Twenty-eight schoolgirls were hospitalized with anxiety attacks after allegedly playing with Ouija boards at their school in Colombia, reports say.

The girls reportedly suffered signs of fainting, anxiety and other symptoms at the Galeras Educational Institution in Galeras, according to Jam Press and shared by the New York Post.

The girls were admitted to a hospital accompanied by parents and school faculty. Info on their diagnoses has not been released.

Ouija boards, created in the U.S. in 1886, are often referred to as spirit or talking boards. They are believed to be a way for the living to communicate with the dead.

LATIN AMERICAN COUNTRY REJECTS SAME-SEX MARRIAGE IN LANDMARK COURT CASE; NOT A 'HUMAN RIGHT'

"I work here in a hospital kiosk and every day I see three or four children arrive after fainting," exclaimed one mother. "Parents, you have to move, investigate what’s happening at school, because our children cannot continue in this situation."

She added, "Our children always have a good breakfast, and it cannot be said that what’s happening is due to lack of food."

next Image 1 of 3

prev next Image 2 of 3

prev Image 3 of 3

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The school is apparently waiting for the medical diagnoses before providing further information.

"In November 2022, 11 teenagers were found collapsed after using a Ouija board at another school in Colombia," the Daily Mail reports. It was later reported that at least five of them had suffered from food poisoning.Italian prosecutors have placed former prime minister Giuseppe Conte under investigation for allegedly mishandling the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak in early 2020, three sources with direct knowledge of the matter said on Thursday.

The total of 19 suspects also includes former Health Minister Roberto Speranza, Lombardy region governor Attilio Fontana and executives and officials from Italian national and regional public health bodies, the sources added.

Prosecutors in the northern city of Bergamo, the epicentre of the deadly outbreak of COVID-19 that began in February 2020, issued a statement late on Wednesday saying they had wrapped up their investigation against 17 suspects, without naming them.

FBI DIRECTOR SAYS COVID PANDEMIC ‘MOST LIKELY’ ORIGINATED FROM CHINESE LAB

They cited 17 people in the statement because the documents relating to the former prime minister and former health minister were transferred to a separate court dealing with government figures under Italian law, the sources added.

The crimes alleged in the closing act of investigation by Bergamo prosecutors are multiple manslaughter, culpability in an epidemic and refusal to carry out official acts.

Two Issues

The investigation by the public prosecutor's office in Bergamo essentially dealt with two issues.

The first concerned the reasons why badly affected small towns around Bergamo were not locked down earlier in the outbreak, when infections were rising fast.

The second aspect concerned the fact that Italy's pandemic plan had not been updated since 2006.

CREDIBILITY CRISIS: NEW YORK TIMES HELPED MISLEAD AMERICA OVER COVID LAB LEAK THEORY

Conte, who was prime minister from 2018 to 2021 and now leads the opposition 5-Star Movement, said he would cooperate with the prosecutors.

"I face the country with calmness, having worked with the greatest commitment during one of the harshest moments experienced by our republic," Conte said.

Speranza, who represents the opposition Democratic Party (PD) in parliament, said he had acted in the best interests of the country and was prepared to account for himself.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Iacopo Pensa, lawyer for Lombardy president Fontana, said his client had been questioned as a witness and should not have been placed under investigation.

"It is shameful that a person initially heard as a witness, finds out from newspapers that he is under investigation, it is a shame", Fontana told a radio station on Thursday.

In an emailed statement the COVID victims' family association said the dead had paid the price for institutional inefficiency and incompetence.

"As of today, the history of the Bergamo and Lombardy massacre is being rewritten... Italy has forgotten what happened in the spring of 2020, not because of Covid but because of precise decisions or rather lack of decisions," they said.An Indian court has sentenced two pharmaceutical company executives to two-and-half years in jail for exporting substandard drugs to Vietnam a decade ago, months after the WHO linked their cough syrups to the deaths of children in Gambia.

India suspended production at Maiden Pharmaceuticals in October last year for violations of manufacturing standards after the World Health Organization said four of its cough syrups may have killed dozens of children in Gambia.

The company has denied its drugs were at fault for the deaths in Gambia and tests by an Indian government laboratory found there were no toxins in them.

INDIA TO IMPROVE DRUG REGULATORY SYSTEM WITH $80M AFTER LOCALLY MADE COUGH SYRUP WAS LINKED TO 89 CHILD DEATHS

The company had been facing legal difficulties for years over suspected shoddy products.

A court in Sonipat, near New Delhi, where Maiden has its main production facility, ordered jail for company founder Naresh Kumar Goel and technical director M.K. Sharma for exporting heartburn medicine "not of standard quality" to Vietnam.

"This court has come to the conclusion that the complainant/prosecution has duly proved the charge ... beyond a shadow of reasonable doubt," the judge, Sanjeev Arya, told the court in its ruling last week.

The written judgement was posted online this week. The court has given them until March 23 to appeal to a higher court.

WHO DEMANDS ACTION FOLLOWING COUGH SYRUP DEATHS

The two were also fined $1,209 each for exporting the medicine, Ranitidine Tablets B.P (Mantek-150), to Vietnam.

Goel did not answer calls to his telephone. The company said it had no immediate comment on the convictions and declined to provide Sharma's contact details.

CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP

Their lawyer told the court that as both Goel and Sharma were over the age of 60 and had been facing court proceedings for the seven years, it should take a "lenient view" on their punishment, according to the judgement.

Indian authorities started investigating the company in 2014 after the Consulate General of India in Vietnam told India's Drug Controller General that Vietnam had blacklisted many Indian companies, including Maiden, for quality violations.The Italian coast guard responded Friday to three boats carrying more than 1,300 migrants that were "in danger" in the Mediterranean Sea off Italy’s southern coast, officials said.

Coast guard vessels were dispatched to rescue about 500 people on a smuggler's boat about 700 miles off the Calabria region, which forms the toe of the Italian boot. Coast guard crews also were rescuing 800 migrants from two boats in difficulty some 100 miles off Calabria.

The rescues come nearly two weeks after a shipwreck off the Calabrian coast killed at least 73 migrants who had departed Turkey. Another 80 were rescued, but more are missing and presumed dead.

ITALY STADIUM FILLED WITH COFFINS OF MIGRANTS AFTER SHIPWRECK KILLS DOZENS

Prosecutors are investigating whether Italian authorities failed to properly respond to the ship signaled by the European border control agency, Frontex. Instead of deploying coast guard boats for a rescue, they sent border enforcement vessels for a law enforcement operation.

Four smugglers have been arrested in the case, including one who was stopped by authorities in Austria.

ITALY SHIPWRECK: COAST GUARD SAYS DOZENS DEAD AFTER MIGRANT CRAFT CRASHES OFF COAST

Italy has strongly rejected any blame for the shipwreck and is adopting new measures to clamp down on smugglers.

Frontex said that crossings in the dangerous central Mediterranean Sea have more than doubled in the first two months of this year, with more than 12,000 irregular crossings. Last month alone, the numbers tripled from a year ago, to 7,000.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The U.N. migration agency estimates some 300 people are dead or missing and presumed dead along the perilous central Mediterranean route this year.Iran and Saudi Arabia agreed Friday to end years of hostility and re-engage in diplomatic relations following previously undisclosed talks in Beijing between top security officials from the rival powers.

"The U.S. is aware of reports that Iran and Saudi Arabia have resumed diplomatic relations, but referred further details to the Saudis," a White House National Security Council spokesperson said of the report. "Generally speaking, we welcome any efforts to help end the war in Yemen and deescalate tensions in the Middle East region."

The two nations announced the deal following four days of meetings, saying they would "resume diplomatic relations between them and re-open their embassies and missions within a period not exceeding two months."

"The agreement includes their affirmation of the respect for the sovereignty of states and the non-interference in internal affairs."

FRANCE ASKS LEBANON TO QUESTION 2 SUSPECTS IN DEADLY 1983 BOMBING

Saudi Arabia and Iran also agreed to activate a security cooperation agreement signed in 2001 in addition to earlier agreements on trade, economy and investment. The talks in Beijing concluded an ongoing series of discussions that took place in Iraq and Oman in 2021 and 2022.

"The three countries also expressed firm resolve to make every effort to strengthen regional and international peace and security," a joint statement from Tehran, Riyadh and Beijing read.

Behnam Ben Taleblu, a senior fellow and Iran expert at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, told Fox News Digital that the deal presented Iran a means of showing it can "diplomatically maneuver around and limit the Abraham Accords," so he expected Iran to continue to "talk up the agreement."

He also noted the significance of China’s role in brokering the deal, which he argued presented an "increased interest" in the politics of the region that will create "deeper political enmeshment."

UKRAINE'S FIRST LADY OLENA ZELENSKA TRAVELS TO THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES, A COUNTRY THAT REMAINS OPEN TO RUSSIA

"That a potential Iran-Saudi diplomatic restoration was brokered by China should be a surprise to none," Ben Taleblu said. "China is the biggest trade partner of both sides of the Persian Gulf, thanks to its hunger for hydrocarbons and energy from the region."

"That Riyadh is seeking this agreement through Iran’s partner, Beijing, and not Iran’s adversary, Washington, tells you all you need to know about how much the JCPOA has damaged the impression in Saudi that America can meaningfully constrain the Islamic Republic," he added.

US ISSUES ‘DO NOT TRAVEL’ WARNING FOR PARTS OF MEXICO AS SPRING BREAK APPROACHES

Yuli Edelstein, a member of Netanyahu's Likud party, criticized his country for focusing on "internal struggles" instead of "our worst enemy."

"Iran and Saudi Arabia have just agreed on resuming relations and it is very bad for Israel and for the entire free world," Edelstein said.

The reaction from other countries in the Middle East, though, has been positive and welcoming of the agreement. Iraq said that it has welcomed "turning a new page" between the rival powers, according to the state news agency.

Yemen’s Houthi Chief Negotiator Mohammed Abdulsalam welcomed the deal, tweeting that the region needed the resumption of "normal ties" between the countries.

GOP LAWMAKER PROBES ALLEGED STATE DEPT FUNDING OF UK'S ‘GLOBAL DISINFORMATION INDEX’

Rebekah Koffler, president of Doctrine & Strategy Consulting and a former Defense Intelligence Agency officer, told Fox News Digital that the deal presented "another indicator of tectonic geopolitical shifts taking place in the world."

"China, Russia, Iran, North Korea, and now Saudi Arabia are getting closer and in the case of Saudi Arabia, a traditional U.S. ally, away from the U.S.," Koffler said. "Many of these recent changes are driven by the Biden Administration’s response to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, which was emotional rather than rational."

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"U.S. sanctions policies have failed to change the behavior of their targets, whether it’s Putin, Iranian Ayatollahs, etc.," she added. "Deterrence through military strength and occasional use of force is a much more potent option."

Reuters contributed to this report.Russia on Friday added the World Wildlife Fund to its register of foreign agents, along with a prominent Kremlin critic, a renowned economist and a few others.

Russian law requires individuals and organizations that are determined to have received foreign funding and to have engaged in loosely defined "political activity" to identify themselves as "foreign agents."

The label brings additional government scrutiny. It also carries a strong pejorative connotation in Russia. Authorities have used the law to discredit those listed and to stifle dissent.

FORMER PUTIN SPEECHWRITER, OTHERS ADDED TO RUSSIA'S 'FOREIGN AGENT' REGISTRY

The World Wildlife Fund, which is headquartered in Washington, is a conservation group with projects throughout the world, including in Russia.

Explaining the decision in Moscow, the Russian Justice Ministry said the organization, "under the guise of protecting nature and the environment ... tried to influence the decisions of the executive and legislative authorities" and "hindered the implementation of industrial and infrastructure projects."

WWF representatives told Russian news site Meduza that the decision to designate the organization as a foreign agent was unfounded. They promised to contest in court and stressed the group would continue to "protect rare animal species and preserve Russia's nature."

The ministry also added Russian economist Sergei Guriev, a professor at Sciences Po, a French university also known as the Paris Institute of Political Studies, to the list. It accused Guriev, a vocal critic of the Kremlin, of "speaking negatively about the servicemen of the Russian Armed Forces" and "spreading through foreign media false information about decisions Russia's state bodies make and policies they implement."

TOP GOP CHAIRMEN SOUND ALARM ON FOREIGN THREATS REPORT: NATION AT A 'TIPPING POINT'

Other individuals added to the register included Gennady Gudkov, a former lawmaker turned opposition figure who has publicly opposed what the Kremlin calls "a special military operation" in Ukraine, and feminist blogger Nika Vodvud.

Vodvud, the ministry said, "openly spoke out in support of Ukraine," "discredited the notion of serving one's Fatherland" and "formed negative attitude towards military service."

Another addition to the list was the Free Buryatia Foundation, an advocacy group from Russia's Siberian region of Buryatia that has condemned Russia's military campaign in Ukraine. The group has helped dozens of soldiers who refused to continue fighting in Ukraine return home.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The Justice Ministry accused the foundation of calling for "actions, the results of which could violate Russia's territorial inetgrity."Palestinian security forces on Wednesday fired tear gas canisters and flash grenades at angry Palestinian protesters during a funeral for a militant in the occupied West Bank. It was a rare encounter that highlighted deep public dissatisfaction with the Palestinian self-rule government.

Palestinians gathered in the northern West Bank city of Nablus for the funeral of Abdul Fattah Kharushah, a 49-year-old Hamas militant killed in an Israeli raid Tuesday. Kharushah had been wanted for killing two Israeli brothers in the nearby town of Hawara. It was the latest bloody raid into the flashpoint Jenin refugee camp, leaving five other Palestinians dead and over two dozen wounded.

Wednesday's funeral procession through Nablus spiraled into chaos after the mourners began to chant against the Palestinian Authority, which exercises limited self-rule in parts of the West Bank. The PA has long drawn resentment for its security cooperation with Israel, which allows its security forces to crack down on its Islamist rival, the Hamas militant group.

ISRAELI ARMY STOPS LIBERAL ISRAELIS FROM STAGING SOLIDARITY RALLY FOR PALESTINIAN TOWN

"Traitors!" the crowds shouted at the Palestinian security forces. "Spies!"

According to Palestinian security spokesman Talal Dweikat, Palestinian forces intervened when a group of Hamas supporters interrupted the procession and grabbed the shrouded body, almost dropping it. The group turned the funeral into a protest against the PA, Dweikat said, "instead of cursing the (Israeli) occupation that has committed crimes against our people."

Palestinian security forces unleashed tear gas on the crowds, sending mourners running in all directions, and returned Kharushah's body to the ambulance. They also prevented anyone from raising Hamas flags, even as Kharushah's body remained covered in one. There were no reports of casualties.

The Fatah-dominated Palestinian Authority is a fierce rival of Hamas, which seized control of the Gaza Strip from President Mahmoud Abbas' forces in 2007. Attempts at reconciliation have repeatedly failed.

The scenes from the funeral sparked condemnations from across Palestinian society. Hamas in particular seized on the chance to denounce the PA's use of force against its own people. Many Palestinians see the rule of the 87-year-old Abbas as increasingly autocratic, with the authority clamping down on critics, civil society organizations and democratic advocacy.

"The suppression of the funeral procession in Nablus ... marks a new moral failure added to (the PA's) dark record of oppression and abuse of our own people," Hamas said.

Further exposing the divisions tearing at Palestinian society, Fatah delivered its own condemnation of Wednesday's mayhem, accusing Hamas of "sedition" and "creating strife" at a funeral that opened with a military salute and should have been a unifying occasion.

AMERICAN CITIZEN CONFIRMED DEAD IN WEST BANK TERROR ATTACK

The infighting comes at a time of heightened violence in the West Bank, where many young Palestinians disillusioned with the PA are taking up weapons against Israel's open-ended occupation. Support for new armed groups that claim no links to any Palestinian party is growing. Under pressure from Israel and the United States, the PA has sought to rein in the fledgling militias but risks further inflaming the public.

Already this year, Israeli military raids have killed at least 70 Palestinians, about half of them militants, according to an Associated Press tally. Palestinian attacks against Israelis have killed 14 people, all but one of them civilians.

Settler violence against Palestinians has also surged in the West Bank, with a mob attack on Hawara after the killing of the two Israeli brothers last month — the worst such rampage in recent memory. Settlers torched dozens of homes, businesses and cars and assaulted Palestinians, leaving one dead and others wounded.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

In the southern West Bank city of Hebron, prominent Palestinian activist Issa Amro said Wednesday that Israeli settlers attacked his house, hurling wine bottles, breaking into his backyard and overturning chairs and tables. A video of the incident appeared to show Israeli soldiers initially standing by and watching the settlers bombard Amro's house with stones. The Israeli army described the video as "partial" and said soldiers had arrested the settlers for further questioning.Poland’s lawmakers agreed to relax the rules for installing onshore wind turbines, a move encouraged by the European Union to promote renewable energy in the coal-reliant country.

Members of the Sejm, the lower house of Poland's parliament, voted 231-209 with two abstentions late Thursday to allow turbines to be erected no closer than 700 meters from houses. The current rule, which was introduced by the current government in 2016, requires a distance of at least 10 times a turbine's height.

With no locations meeting that requirement found, the height formula practically stalled wind energy development in Poland. The EU, which is holding up the nation's pandemic recovery funds over a number of legislative issues, had called on the government to come up with a less restrictive measurement.

Almost all of the lawmakers who voted in favor of the new rule were from parties in the governing coalition.

The conservative government that took office in 2015 halted development of wind farms, arguing that residents were concerned turbines would bring noise, ground vibrations and other discomforts.

POLAND’S DUDA TO PUSH BIDEN ON INCREASING US PRESENCE IN COUNTRY AMID RUSSIA THREAT: DIPLOMAT

By contrast, the government has supported solar energy and planned significant offshore wind farms in the Baltic Sea. It is also supporting through subsidies Poland's coal mining, a major employer in the southern Silesia region.

Climate and Environment Minister Anna Moskwa said on Twitter the new law "strengthens Poland's energy security" and "increases the power coming from renewable sources" while respecting the views of local communities.

The law, which still needs the approval of President Andrzej Duda to take effect, also gives residents more say in the location of turbines and a 10% share of the energy produced.

Critics said the bill approved Thursday still overly limits the number of potential locations and the amount of power Poland could derive from wind. They argued that renewable sources should be promoted as much as possible given soaring energy prices and to reduce the reliance on Russian energy.

In January, some 73% of Poland's energy came from black and brown coal, 15% came from wind energy, 9% from natural gas and 1.4 % from other renewable sources, according to rynekelektryczny.pl, a website dedicated to Poland's energy market. Poland also imported some energy.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Brussels expects Warsaw to create the conditions for wind energy growth, as well as to meet a number of other benchmarks, before the pandemic recovery funds worth billions of euros will be disbursed to the country.

Other key milestones include improving Poland's rule of law record and revising the rules for disciplining judges.The U.S. government has escalated its trade dispute over proposed Mexican limits on genetically modified corn, asking Monday for formal consultations with Mexico on the issue.

The U.S. Trade Representative’s office announced it has called for consultations with Mexico over proposed rules that would ban GM corn for human consumption; Mexico says it could eventually ban it for animal feed as well.

The trade representative's office said the ban could "threaten to disrupt billions of dollars in agricultural trade."

ND MAYOR VOWS TO STOP CORN MILL OVER CHINESE SECURITY THREAT, SAYS GOVERNMENT'S RESPONSE WAS 'LACKLUSTER'

Mexico is the leading importer of U.S. corn, most of which is genetically modified. Almost all is fed to cattle, pigs and chickens in Mexico, which doesn't grow enough feed corn to supply itself.

Mexico argues GM corn may have health effects, even when used as fodder, but hasn’t presented proof. If the issue isn’t solved in consultations, it could lead to a dispute resolution panel or trade sanctions under the U.S.-Mexico-Canada free trade agreement, known as the USMCA.

"The United States has repeatedly conveyed our serious concerns with Mexico’s biotechnology policies and the importance of adopting a science-based approach that complies with its USMCA commitments," U.S. Trade Representative Katherine Tai said in a statement.

"Mexico’s policies threaten to disrupt billions of dollars in agricultural trade and they will stifle the innovation that is necessary to tackle the climate crisis and food security challenges if left unaddressed," according to the statement.

Mexico's Economy Department stressed in a statement Monday that the issue is not yet a trade dispute, though consultations are the first step in that process, and expressed confidence it could be worked out.

Mexico had previously appeared eager to avoid a major showdown with the United States on the corn issue — but not eager enough to completely drop talk of any ban.

In February, Mexico’s Economy Department issued new rules that dropped the date for substituting imports of GM feed corn. Some imported corn is also ground into meal for use in corn chips or other snacks.

Under a previous version of the rules, some U.S. growers worried a GM feed corn ban could happen as soon as 2024 or 2025.

While the date was dropped, the language remained in the rules about eventually substituting GM corn, something that could cause prices for meat to skyrocket in Mexico, where inflation is already high.

U.S. farmers have worried about the potential loss of the single biggest export market for U.S. corn. Mexico has been importing GM feed corn from the U.S. for years, buying about $3 billion worth annually.

The new rules still say Mexican authorities will carry out "the gradual substitution" of GM feed and milled corn, but sets no date for doing so and says potential health issues will be the subject of study by Mexican experts "with health authorities from other countries."

4 AMERICANS WHO TRAVELED INTO MATAMOROS, MEXICO, MISSING IN POSSIBLE KIDNAPPING: FBI

"Regarding the use of genetically modified corn for animal feed and industrial use, the date for prohibiting its use has been eliminated," the Economy Department said in the statement. "Working groups will be set up with the domestic and international private sector to achieve an orderly transition."

Mexico was where corn was first domesticated starting around 9,000 years ago, and in order to protect its native varieties, the country will still ban imports of GM seed corn.

Mexico will also prohibit the use of GM corn for direct human consumption, which in Mexico consists mainly of fresh white corn and white corn tortilla flour. Mexico has no need to import white corn from the United States, where most corn is yellow or sweet corn.

The United States has also been angered by Mexico’s limits on foreign and private electrical power plants in Mexico, but the U.S. government has not yet taken that issue to the USMCA dispute resolution process.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The United States says Mexico is unfairly favoring its state-owned electricity and oil companies over American competitors and clean-energy suppliers. Canada also has joined in that complaint. Mexico says it is protecting a majority share of its domestic energy market for the state-owned power company.Large swathes of Argentina were left without power on Wednesday afternoon after blackouts in the national grid due to a fire, officials said, as the country endures a major heat wave that has increased demand for energy.

Parts of the capital Buenos Aires, and the central regions of Santa Fe, Neuquen, Cordoba, and Mendoza, were plunged into darkness, according to a statement from the energy secretariat.

Sweltering passengers were left stranded in Buenos Aires as trains experienced delays and cancellations after the massive blackout.

THUNBERG CHAINS HERSELF TO NORWAY ENERGY MINISTRY IN PROTEST OVER PLACEMENT OF WIND FARM

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

The country's economy ministry has requested an investigation into how the fire was started.

Several blackouts have occurred in the country since January amid high electricity demand.