Conservative justices holding the Supreme Court’s majority seem likely to sink President Joe Biden’s plan to wipe away or reduce student loans held by millions of Americans. (Feb. 28)

Conservative justices holding the Supreme Court’s majority seem likely to sink President Joe Biden’s plan to wipe away or reduce student loans held by millions of Americans. (Feb. 28)

WASHINGTON (AP) — Niara Thompson couldn’t shake her frustration as the Supreme Court debated President Joe Biden’s student debt cancellation. As she listened from the audience Tuesday, it all felt academic. There was a long discussion on the nuances of certain words. Justices asked lawyers to explore hypothetical scenarios.

For Thompson, none of it is hypothetical . A student at the University of Georgia, she grew up watching her parents struggle with student loans and will graduate with about $50,000 of her own student debt.

“It felt like people who could never understand why we would want something like this,” she said. “I wanted to be like, ‘Y’all don’t understand. Y’all are focusing on this, but there’s people out here who are struggling to find food for their families.’”

Much of the discussion in Tuesday’s hearing centered on whether states had the legal right to sue over Biden’s student loans plan. But the justices also were scrutinizing whether Biden had the authority to waive hundreds of billions of dollars in debt without the explicit approval of Congress, which decides how taxpayer money is spent.

ADVERTISEMENT

It’s not unusual for Supreme Court cases to hang on legal technicalities, even in cases of great public interest. Yet to borrowers following Tuesday’s arguments, it felt isolating to hear such a personal subject reduced to cold legal language.

Opponents of the plan to wipe away debt held by millions of Americans have denounced it as an insult to those who have repaid their debt and to those who didn’t attend college.

Thompson was among a few dozen borrowers who camped out in drizzle overnight to get seats at the court for Tuesday’s hearing. Some of the court’s liberal justices sought several times to turn the arguments back to the people who would benefit from the program, pointing out their need for relief. In response, conservatives asked if those who passed up college should pay for those who borrowed money to attend.

For Thompson’s family, years of payments hang in the balance. Student loan payments have been on hold since the start of the pandemic, but they are set to restart 60 days after the court cases resolve — regardless of the outcome.

ADVERTISEMENT

Thompson and her father are each eligible for $10,000 in relief, she said. It would move her a step closer to financial stability, Thompson said, and it would eliminate the rest of her dad’s loans.

“It just hurt my feelings a bit,” she said of Tuesday’s arguments. “I just want better for us, you know?”

The mood inside the court — quiet and ceremonious — was a contrast to the atmosphere outside as dozens of activists rallied in support of cancellation. Crowds chanted and listened to speeches from members of Congress, including Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., and Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt.

Advocates took to the podium to share stories about family sacrifices and life milestones deferred because of heavy student debt.

ADVERTISEMENT

Ella Azoulay, a 26-year-old who lives in Washington, visited the rally to join the push for debt relief, which she calls a “family issue.” A 2018 graduate of New York University, Azoulay has $40,000 in student debt, while her dad has more than $400,000 taken out on behalf of her and her two siblings.

“I can’t really think about my future without thinking about this huge debt,” she said. “My dad has no plans to retire. He’s in his 60s and he has said for my whole life that he will never be able to retire. And that’s really upsetting to hear.”

During the hearing, liberal Justice Sonia Sotomayor said it would be a mistake for her fellow justices to take for themselves, instead of leaving it to education experts, “the right to decide how much aid to give” people who will struggle if the program is struck down.

Others justices also have shown a grasp of borrowers’ plight. Justice Clarence Thomas, the court’s staunchest conservative, has written about the “crushing weight” of his own student loans , which he paid off after reaching the nation’s highest court.

ADVERTISEMENT

Kayla Smith, 22, joined Thompson at the overnight campout for a seat inside the court. A recent graduate of the University of Georgia, she also felt the discussion missed the bigger picture.

Smith’s mother borrowed more than $20,000 in federal Parent Plus loans to help her pay for college. Smith sees it as the result of a broken system that forces people into debt for a shot at social mobility.

“They were focused on small, minuscule details,” Smith, of Atlanta, said of the justices. “I even saw some of them laughing during the hearing, which was odd to me because people’s lives are being affected. It’s not a laughing matter to us, at least.” ___

The Associated Press education team receives support from the Carnegie Corporation of New York. The AP is solely responsible for all content.Jaded with education, more Americans are skipping college

JACKSON, Tenn. (AP) — When he looked to the future, Grayson Hart always saw a college degree. He was a good student at a good high school. He wanted to be an actor, or maybe a teacher. Growing up, he believed college was the only route to a good job, stability and a happy life.

The pandemic changed his mind.

A year after high school, Hart is directing a youth theater program in Jackson, Tennessee. He got into every college he applied to but turned them all down. Cost was a big factor, but a year of remote learning also gave him the time and confidence to forge his own path.

“There were a lot of us with the pandemic, we kind of had a do-it-yourself kind of attitude of like, ‘Oh — I can figure this out,’” he said. “Why do I want to put in all the money to get a piece of paper that really isn’t going to help with what I’m doing right now?”

Hart is among hundreds of thousands of young people who came of age during the pandemic but didn’t go to college. Many have turned to hourly jobs or careers that don’t require a degree, while others have been deterred by high tuition and the prospect of student debt .

What first looked like a pandemic blip has turned into a crisis. Nationwide, undergraduate college enrollment dropped 8% from 2019 to 2022, with declines even after returning to in-person classes , according to data from the National Student Clearinghouse. The slide in the college-going rate since 2018 is the steepest on record, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.

Economists say the impact could be dire.

At worst, it could signal a new generation with little faith in the value of a college degree. At minimum, it appears those who passed on college during the pandemic are opting out for good. Predictions that they would enroll after a year or two haven’t borne out.

Fewer college graduates could worsen labor shortages in fields from health care to information technology. For those who forgo college, it usually means lower lifetime earnings — 75% less compared with those who get bachelor’s degrees, according to Georgetown University’s Center on Education and the Workforce. And when the economy sours, those without degrees are more likely to lose jobs.

“It’s quite a dangerous proposition for the strength of our national economy,” said Zack Mabel, a Georgetown researcher.

In dozens of interviews with The Associated Press, educators, researchers and students described a generation jaded by education institutions. Largely left on their own amid remote learning, many took part-time jobs. Some felt they weren’t learning anything , and the idea of four more years of school, or even two, held little appeal.

At the same time, the nation’s student debt has soared. The issue has loomed large in the minds of young Americans as President Joe Biden pushes to cancel huge swaths of debt , an effort the Supreme Court appears poised to block .

Many Americans who graduated during the pandemic are skipping college. Many have have turned instead to hourly jobs or careers that don’t require a degree. Others feel locked out, deterred by high tuition and potential student debt. (March 9) (AP Video: Patrick Orsagos)

As a kid, Hart dreamed of going to Penn State to study musical theater. His family encouraged college, and he went to a private Christian high school where it’s an expectation.

But when classes went online, he spent more time pursuing creative outlets. He felt a new sense of independence, and the stress of school faded.

“I was like, ‘OK, what’s this thing that’s not on my back constantly?’” Hart said. “I can do things that I can enjoy. I can also do things that are important to me. And I kind of relaxed more in life and enjoyed life.”

He started working at a smoothie shop and realized he could earn a steady paycheck without a degree. By the time he graduated, he had left college plans behind.

It happened at public as well as private schools. Some counselors and principals were shocked to see graduates flocking to jobs at Amazon warehouses or scratching together income in the gig economy.

ADVERTISEMENT

The shift has been stark in Jackson, where just four in 10 of the county’s public high school graduates immediately went to college in 2021, down from six in 10 in 2019. That drop is far steeper than the nation overall, which declined from 66% to 62%, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.

Jackson’s leaders say young people are taking restaurant and retail jobs that pay more than ever. Some are being recruited by manufacturing companies that have aggressively raised wages to fill shortages.

“Students can’t seem to resist sign-on bonuses and wages that far exceed any that they’ve seen before,” said Vicki Bunch, the head of workforce development for the area’s chamber of commerce.

Across Tennessee, there’s growing concern the slide will only accelerate with the opening of several new manufacturing plants. The biggest is a $5.6 billion Ford plant near Jackson that will produce electric trucks and batteries. It promises to create 5,000 jobs, and its construction is already drawing young workers.

Daniel Moody, 19, was recruited to run plumbing for the plant after graduating from a Memphis high school in 2021. Now earning $24 an hour, he’s glad he passed on college.

“If I would have gone to college after school, I would be dead broke,” he said. “The type of money we’re making out here, you’re not going to be making that while you’re trying to go to college.”

America’s college-going rate was generally on the upswing until the pandemic reversed decades of progress. Rates fell even as the nation’s population of high school graduates grew, and despite economic upheaval, which typically drives more people into higher education.

In Tennessee, education officials issued a “call to action” after finding just 53% of public high school graduates were enrolling in college in 2021, far below the national average. It was a shock for a state that in 2014 made community college free , leading to a surge in the college-going rate. Now it’s at its lowest point since at least 2009.

Searching for answers, education officials crossed the state last year and heard that easy access to jobs, coupled with student debt worries, made college less attractive.

“This generation is different,” said Jamia Stokes, a senior director at SCORE, an education nonprofit. “They’re more pragmatic about the way they work, about the way they spend their time and their money.”

Most states are still collecting data on recent college rates, but early figures are troubling.

In Arkansas, the number of new high school graduates going to college fell from 49% to 42% during the pandemic. Kentucky slid by a similar amount, to 54%. The latest data in Indiana showed a 12-point drop from 2015 to 2020, leading the higher education chief to warn the “future of our state is at risk.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Even more alarming are the figures for Black, Hispanic and low-income students, who saw the largest slides in many states. In Tennessee’s class of 2021, just 35% of Hispanic graduates and 44% of Black graduates enrolled in college, compared with 58% of their white peers.

There’s some hope the worst has passed. The number of freshmen enrolling at U.S. colleges increased slightly from 2021 to 2022. But that figure, along with total college enrollment, remains far below pre-pandemic levels.

Amid the chaos of the pandemic, many students fell through the cracks , said Scott Campbell, executive director of Persist Nashville, a nonprofit that offers college coaching.

Some students fell behind academically and didn’t feel prepared for college. Others lost access to counselors and teachers who help navigate college applications and the complicated process of applying for federal student aid .

“Students feel like schools have let them down,” Campbell said.

In Jackson, Mia Woodard recalls sitting in her bedroom and trying to fill out a few online college applications. No one from her school had talked to her about the process, she said. As she scrolled through the forms, she was sure of her Social Security number and little else.

“None of them even mentioned anything college-wise to me,” said Woodard, who is biracial and transferred high schools to escape racist bullying. “It might be because they didn’t believe in me.”

She says she never heard back from the colleges. She wonders whether to blame her shaky Wi-Fi, or if she simply failed to provide the right information.

ADVERTISEMENT

A spokesperson for the Jackson school system, Greg Hammond, said it provides several opportunities for students to gain exposure to higher education, including an annual college fair for seniors.

“Mia was an at-risk student,” Hammond said. “Our school counselors provide additional supports for high school students in this category. It is, however, difficult to provide post-secondary planning and assistance to students who don’t participate in these services.”

Woodard, who had hoped to be the first in her family to get a college degree, now works at a restaurant and lives with her dad. She’s looking for a second job so she can afford to live on her own. Then maybe she’ll pursue her dream of getting a culinary arts degree.

“It’s still kind of 50-50,” she said of her chances.

If there’s a bright spot, experts say, it’s that more young people are pursuing education programs other than a four-year degree. Some states are seeing growing demand for apprenticeships in the trades, which usually provide certificates and other credentials.

After a dip in 2020, the number of new apprentices in the U.S. has rebounded to near pre-pandemic levels, according to the Department of Labor.

Before the pandemic, Boone Williams was the type of student colleges compete for. He took advanced classes and got A’s. He grew up around agriculture and thought about going to college for animal science.

But when his school outside Nashville sent students home his junior year, he tuned out. Instead of logging on for virtual classes, he worked at local farms, breaking horses or helping with cattle.

“I stopped applying myself once COVID came around,” the 20-year-old said. “I was focusing on making money rather than going to school.”

When a family friend told him about union apprenticeships, he jumped at the chance to get paid for hands-on work while mastering a craft.

Today he works for a plumbing company and takes night classes at a Nashville union.

The pay is modest, Williams said, but eventually he expects to earn far more than friends who took quick jobs after high school. He even thinks he’s better off than some who went to college — he knows too many who dropped out or took on debt for degrees they never used.

“In the long run, I’m going to be way more set than any of them,” he said.

Back in Jackson, Hart says he’s doing what he loves and contributing to the city’s growing arts community. Still, he wonders what’s next. His job pays enough for stability but not a whole lot more. He sometimes finds himself thinking about Broadway, but he doesn’t have a clear plan for the next 10 years.

“I do worry about the future and what that may look like for me,” he said. “But right now I’m trying to remind myself that I am good where I’m at, and we’ll take it one step at a time.”

___

This story was produced with support from the Education Writers Association Reporting Fellowship program.

The Associated Press education team receives support from the Carnegie Corporation of New York. The AP is solely responsible for all content.

ADVERTISEMENTViktor Mikhalev shows roses transformed from weapons and ammunition into flowers of war standing in a workshop in his house in Donetsk, Russian-controlled Donetsk region, eastern Ukraine, Saturday, March 4, 2023. Mikhalev, trained as a welder, lives and works in a house whose fence and door are decorated with forged flowers and grapes. (AP Photo/Alexei Alexandrov)

Viktor Mikhalev shows roses transformed from weapons and ammunition into flowers of war standing in a workshop in his house in Donetsk, Russian-controlled Donetsk region, eastern Ukraine, Saturday, March 4, 2023. Mikhalev, trained as a welder, lives and works in a house whose fence and door are decorated with forged flowers and grapes. (AP Photo/Alexei Alexandrov)

A blacksmith in the Russian-controlled eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk is practically beating swords into ploughshares, and turning one man’s trash into treasures. Viktor Mikhalev takes weapons and ammunition and produces what he calls the flowers of war.

Mikhalev, who trained as a welder, lives and works in a house whose fence and door are decorated with forged flowers and grapes. In his workshop are piles of half-burnt machine guns and shells from the war’s front line. Friends and acquaintances bring them as raw material for his art.

Donetsk, the center of Ukraine’s industrial heartland of the Donbas, has been engulfed by fighting ever since the Moscow-backed separatist rebellion erupted in April 2014, weeks after Russia’s illegal annexation of Ukraine’s Crimean Peninsula.

The Kremlin has made capturing the entire region a key goal of its invasion that began a year ago, and it illegally annexed Donetsk along with three other regions in eastern and southern Ukraine in September, declaring them part of Russia.

ADVERTISEMENT

Fierce fighting has focused on the city of Bakhmut in the Donetsk region, and the city of Donetsk itself also has been frequently hit by shelling.

The smell of iron and paint permeates Mikhalev’s workshop, also decorated from floor to ceiling with dozens of religious icons. He makes the art as a keepsake, a souvenir of the war in eastern Ukraine.

“Real flowers will not last long, and my roses will become a reminder for a long memory,” the blacksmith says.

He began the project when a friend brought him broken machine guns. A month later, he exhibited his war art in a Donetsk museum. Since then, he’s constantly been making what he calls “flowers of war.” In addition, he constructs stands for writing pens from parts of a grenade launcher and a cartridge case.

___ Follow AP’s coverage of the war at https://apnews.com/hub/russia-ukraineMaker of unproven birth drug Makena to pull from US market

This image provided by Covis Pharma shows packaging for the company's Makena medication. The maker of an unproven drug intended to prevent premature births says it will voluntarily remove the product from the U.S. market, after regulators signaled plans to follow through on a long-delayed effort to force it from the market. The announcement late Tuesday, March 7, 2023, from Covis Pharma comes nearly four years after the company’s drug, Makena, failed to show a benefit in helping mothers carry their pregnancies to term. (Covis Pharma via AP)

This image provided by Covis Pharma shows packaging for the company's Makena medication. The maker of an unproven drug intended to prevent premature births says it will voluntarily remove the product from the U.S. market, after regulators signaled plans to follow through on a long-delayed effort to force it from the market. The announcement late Tuesday, March 7, 2023, from Covis Pharma comes nearly four years after the company’s drug, Makena, failed to show a benefit in helping mothers carry their pregnancies to term. (Covis Pharma via AP)

WASHINGTON (AP) — The maker of an unproven drug intended to prevent premature births says it will voluntarily remove the product from the U.S., after regulators signaled plans to follow through on a long-delayed effort to force it from the market .

The drug, Makena, is a synthetic version of the hormone progesterone, which is needed to maintain a pregnancy. It’s the only drug with FDA approval to reduce the risk of premature birth.

The removal announcement Tuesday from Covis Pharma comes roughly four years after Makena failed to show a benefit in helping mothers carry pregnancies to term.

Since then the Food and Drug Administration has been moving to get the drug off the market , though Covis has repeatedly appealed for more time to conduct additional research. The injectable drug has become a symbol for the challenges the FDA faces to withdraw a medication when the manufacturer won’t do so voluntarily.

ADVERTISEMENT

Indeed, the timing of the drug’s removal remains uncertain. Covis, based in Switzerland, said in its release that FDA regulators rejected its proposal to wind down the drug’s use over several months.

The company said that extended off-ramp would give women who are still receiving the drug time to finish their course of treatment, which involves weekly injections starting after 16 weeks of pregnancy.

But the FDA made clear it would continue its process to force the drug’s removal on its own terms, according to the company. In a separate filing Wednesday, the agency’s drug regulators recommended making the withdrawal “immediately effective.” The agency noted there’s no indication of “harm from discontinuing Makena, such as signs or symptoms of withdrawal.”

FDA Commissioner Robert Califf is expected to soon decide on the drug’s fate, in consultation with the agency’s top scientist.

Covis made its proposal to the FDA following an October public meeting at which outside advisers overwhelmingly concluded that Makena hasn’t been shown to work and should have its approval revoked. Despite hours of presentations and debate, the panel was unconvinced by arguments from Covis that the drug could be useful for a subgroup of women.

Such hearings are extraordinarily rare and occur only after a drugmaker rejects initial FDA requests to pull its drug.

ADVERTISEMENT

“While we stand by Makena’s favorable benefit-risk profile, including its efficacy in women at highest risk of preterm birth, we are seeking to voluntarily withdraw the product and work with the FDA to effectuate an orderly wind-down,” said Raghav Chari, Covis’ chief information officer, in a statement.

The company added that it “remains ready to work cooperatively with the agency,” to remove the drug, despite disagreement on the timeframe.

About 10% of U.S. births come too early, before 37 weeks, raising the risk of serious health problems and even death in infants. The problem occurs at higher rates among Black women.

The FDA granted Makena accelerated approval in 2011 based on a small study in women with a history of early deliveries. The expedited approval was conditioned on a larger follow-up study to confirm whether the drug resulted in healthier outcomes for babies.

ADVERTISEMENT

In 2019, results from that 1,700-patient international study showed the drug neither reduced premature births — as originally thought — nor resulted in healthier outcomes for infants.

Despite those results, reproductive specialists — including members of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists — have argued for keeping the decade-old drug available while more research is done.

The group said Wednesday its current guidelines will remain in effect until FDA makes a final decision.

“It is critical that other effective interventions be identified to prevent recurrent preterm birth for the health and well-being of our patients and their families,” the group said in a statement.

___

Follow Matthew Perrone on Twitter: @AP_FDAwriter

___

The Associated Press Health and Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute’s Science and Educational Media Group. The AP is solely responsible for all content.Rutgers' Oskar Palmquist (1) and his teammates react after an NCAA college basketball game against the Purdue at the Big Ten men's tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Chicago. Purdue won 70-65. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

Rutgers' Oskar Palmquist (1) and his teammates react after an NCAA college basketball game against the Purdue at the Big Ten men's tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Chicago. Purdue won 70-65. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

March Madness is coming up fast. Here is what to know along with some key games to watch and who’s on the bubble ahead of Selection Sunday for the NCAA Tournament:

KEY DATES

All eyes will be on the conference tournaments this week:

— The ACC Tournament is March 7-11 in Greensboro, North Carolina.

— The Big 12 Tournament is March 8-11 in Kansas City, Missouri.

— The Big Ten Tournament is March 8-12 in Chicago.

— The Big East Tournament is March 8-11 in New York.

— The Pac-12 Tournament is March 8-11 in Las Vegas.

— The SEC Tournament is March 8-12 in Nashville, Tennessee.

MARCH MADNESS

Selection Sunday is March 12, when bracket matchups will be set for the First Four and first- and second-round games that stretch from Florida to California .

Sweet 16 weekend will see games in New York City (East Region), Las Vegas (West), Kansas City, Missouri (Midwest), and Louisville, Kentucky (South).

ADVERTISEMENT

Where is the Final Four? In Houston, on April 1, with the championship game on April 3.

Basketball aficionados, take note: The women’s NCAA Tournament will hold its Final Four in Dallas, a four-hour drive from Houston.

BETTING GUIDE

Who’s going to win the national championship? With the regular season over, the betting favorites as of this week to reach the Final Four are Houston, Alabama, Kansas and Purdue, according to FanDuel Sportsbook . That matches the top teams in the NCAA’s initial seed watch . UCLA is in the mix near the top in the AP Top 25 , too.

WHO’S IN

These teams are already going dancing after landing their league’s automatic bid: Kennesaw State (26-8, Atlantic Sun), UNC Asheville (27-7, Big South), Fairleigh Dickinson (19-14, Northeast), Drake (27-7, Missouri Valley), Furman (27-7, Southern), Louisiana-Lafayette (26-7, Sun Belt), Southeast Missouri State (19-16, Ohio Valley), Gonzaga (28-5, West Coast), College of Charleston (31-3, Colonial Athletic Association), Oral Roberts (30-4, Summit League), Texas A&M-Corpus Christi (23-10, Southland), Montana State (25-9, Big Sky), Northern Kentucky (22-12, Horizon League) and Colgate (26-8, Patriot League).

BUBBLE WATCH

West Virginia (19-14): The metrics and strength of the Big 12 work in the Mountaineers’ favor. Their sleepy 78-61 loss to Kansas in the conference quarterfinals, when Bob Huggins was left to bemoan their lack of effort, does not. They may have gotten some help when fellow bubble buddy Oklahoma State was trounced by Texas.

ADVERTISEMENT

North Carolina (20-13): Simply put, the Tar Heels probably needed to beat No. 13 Virginia in the ACC quarterfinals and couldn’t get it done. They are just 8-7 over their last 15 games in a conference that was not particularly strong this season.

Rutgers (19-14): The Scarlet Knights had a chance to make Sunday a lot less stressful but lost to fifth-ranked Purdue 70-65 in a tightly contested Big Ten quarterfinal. How will the committee weigh Rutgers’ early season success against the fact that it lost seven of its last 10 games?

Nevada (22-10): Oh, how Steve Alford’s bunch has fallen the past two weeks. The Wolf Pack lost to Wyoming, UNLV and then in overtime to San Jose State in the Mountain West quarterfinals. Those three defeats could hurt come Sunday.

ADVERTISEMENT

GAME(S) TO WATCH

Florida Atlantic (30-3) vs. UAB (25-8), Conference USA championship, Saturday, 8:30 p.m. Eastern (CBSSN). Every team riding the NCAA Tournament bubble will be rooting for the Owls, who could slip into the dance as an at-large team if they lose to the Blazers in the finals. They would much rather FAU take the automatic berth and free up another spot for them.

Ohio State (16-18) vs. No. 5 Purdue (27-5), Saturday, 1 p.m. Eastern (CBS). The Buckeyes have been the biggest surprise of any conference tournament, but every team on the bubble will be pulling for the Boilermakers to knock them out. With two more wins, Ohio State would be swiping another bid from a potential at-large team.

___

AP March Madness coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/march-madness and bracket: https://apnews.com/hub/ncaa-mens-bracket and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25FILE - In this photo made on June 16, 2022, rows of fresh cut beef is in the coolers of the retail section at the Wight's Meat Packing facility in Fombell, Pa. Federal agriculture officials on Monday, March 6, 2023 released new requirements that would allow labels on meat, poultry or eggs to claim that phrase -- or “Product of USA” -- only if they come from animals “born, raised, slaughtered and processed in the United States.” (AP Photo/Keith Srakocic, File )

FILE - In this photo made on June 16, 2022, rows of fresh cut beef is in the coolers of the retail section at the Wight's Meat Packing facility in Fombell, Pa. Federal agriculture officials on Monday, March 6, 2023 released new requirements that would allow labels on meat, poultry or eggs to claim that phrase -- or “Product of USA” -- only if they come from animals “born, raised, slaughtered and processed in the United States.” (AP Photo/Keith Srakocic, File )

Shoppers could soon find it easier to tell if those grocery store steaks or pork chops were really “Made in the USA.”

Federal agriculture officials on Monday released new requirements that would allow labels on meat, poultry or eggs to use that phrase -- or “Product of USA” -- only if they come from animals “born, raised, slaughtered and processed in the United States.” That’s a sharp change from current policy, which allows voluntary use of such labels on products from animals that have been imported from a foreign country and slaughtered in the U.S., but also on meat that’s been imported and repackaged or further processed.

Imports of beef from countries including Australia, Canada and Brazil, for instance, account for about 12% of the total consumed in the U.S. Overall, imports of red meat and poultry account for less than 6%, while imports of eggs account for less than half of 1%.

ADVERTISEMENT

U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said the proposed rule would better align the labels with consumers’ views. A survey commissioned by the USDA found that nearly two-thirds of shoppers believed that a “Product of USA” label meant that most or all meat production steps occurred in the U.S.

“There’s obviously a disconnect between what the consumers’ understandings and expectations are and what the label currently is,” Vilsack said in an interview.

About 12% of all meat, poultry and egg products sold in the country carry the U.S.-origin labels, USDA officials said.

The label change was first proposed by President Joe Biden in 2021 and was included last year in a series of steps to bolster the U.S. meat and poultry supply chain.

The USDA survey, conducted last summer, included a nationally representative sample of more than 4,800 American adults who do the grocery shopping for their families and who bought beef or pork in the previous six months. More than 40% of the shoppers said they look for the USA label when buying meat.

The rule was praised by consumer advocates and representatives for U.S. ranchers and farmers, including the U.S. Cattlemen’s Association, which petitioned the USDA for the label change in 2019.

“The proposed rule finally closes this loophole by accurately defining what these voluntary origin claims mean,” said Justin Tupper, the group’s president. “If it says ‘Made in the USA,’ then it should be from cattle that have only known USA soil. Consumers have the right to know where their food comes from, full stop.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Thomas Gremillion, director of food policy for the Consumer Federation of America, said the change is a “small but important step” that should have been made long ago.

Under the current rule, Gremillion noted, a cow can be raised in Mexico under that country’s regulations for feed and medications, then shipped across the border and slaughtered that same day to make ground beef and steaks that qualify as “Product of USA.”

Carrie Balkcom, executive director of the trade group American Grassfed Association, said the existing rule also penalizes small domestic producers.

ADVERTISEMENT

“It’s expensive to raise grass-raised animals from scratch,” Balkcom said. “And these large producers were importing these animals raised elsewhere and just repackaging them and then kind of coasting on the ‘Made in the USA’ label.”

An official with the North American Meat Institute, which represents large firms that process most of the meat and poultry products sold in the U.S., said she hadn’t seen details of the new rule. But Sarah Little added, the group “opposes overly prescriptive labeling requirements that will raise prices for consumers.”

Another industry group, the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, has called for eliminating the voluntary USA labels entirely and allowing for strict labeling standards verified by the USDA.

The voluntary labeling rules are different from country-of-origin labels, known as COOL, which required companies to disclose where animals supplying beef and pork are born, raised and slaughtered. That requirement was rolled back in 2015 , after international trade disputes and a ruling from the World Trade Organization.

ADVERTISEMENT

Country-of-origin labels are still required for other foods, including fish, shellfish, fresh and frozen fruits and vegetables and more.

Companies won’t have to prove that their products are American-made before using the labels, but they will have to file documentation. The proposal applies only to meat, poultry and eggs, products overseen by the USDA’s Food Safety and Inspection Service, which can pull the label if companies are found to violate the rule.

The label proposal is open for public comment before it becomes final.

—-

The Associated Press Health and Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute’s Science and Educational Media Group. The AP is solely responsible for all content.Lego posts boost in profit, sales as it raised some prices

FILE - A LEGO set made of its blocks featuring K-pop band BTS, is shown during a publicity event at a store in Seoul, South Korea, on March 2, 2023. Danish toy company Lego said Tuesday March 7, 2023 that its net profit increased by 5% in 2022 coming in at 13.9 billion kroner ($2 billion), up from 13.3 billion kroner a year earlier. (AP Photo/Lee Jin-man, File)

FILE - A LEGO set made of its blocks featuring K-pop band BTS, is shown during a publicity event at a store in Seoul, South Korea, on March 2, 2023. Danish toy company Lego said Tuesday March 7, 2023 that its net profit increased by 5% in 2022 coming in at 13.9 billion kroner ($2 billion), up from 13.3 billion kroner a year earlier. (AP Photo/Lee Jin-man, File)

COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) — Lego said Tuesday that profits increased by 5% in 2022 from a year earlier and sales rose even as it raised prices on higher-ticket toys.

The Danish toy company said net profit rose to 13.8 billion kroner ($2 billion) from 13.3 billion kroner. Sales were up 12%, while revenue grew 17% to 64 billion kroner ($9.2 billion).

CEO Niels B. Christiansen called 2022 “a milestone year” as the privately held company celebrated its 90th anniversary.

We “landed the year beyond expectations on the back of exceptional growth last year and despite challenging market conditions,” he said.

With inflation growing, Lego increased prices on about a quarter of its products, Christiansen said.

“The low-cost products were not affected. The increase was chiefly on our expensive products,” he said. “Despite that, we saw our sales increase.”

Lego said that there was growth in all markets, particularly in the Americas and Western Europe.

ADVERTISEMENT

The company opened 155 stores worldwide last year to reach 904 locations. The colorful building bricks are sold in more than 130 countries.

Christiansen said 48% of the company’s products were new and that some top themes included Lego City, “Stars Wars” and Harry Potter.

He also highlighted collaborations, including one with Louis Vuitton to create windows and store displays for the Christmas season tied to the 200th birthday of the luxury fashion house.

“By doing a partnership with others, we can reach customers in a different way,” he said. “In the case of Louis Vuitton, we hope to reach women, mothers. We do hope to have more girls playing with Lego.”

This year, Lego expects single-digit revenue growth.

Headquartered in Billund, Denmark, Lego has factories on three continents, including what it says is a new carbon-neutral factory in Vietnam. There are plans for another carbon-neutral factory in Richmond, Virginia.

Lego was founded in 1932 by Ole Kirk Kristiansen and its name is derived from the Danish words “leg godt,” or “play well.”A tax credit is among the most satisfying benefits you can turn up when preparing your return.

Unlike a deduction, which decreases the income on which you’ll be taxed, a tax credit reduces your overall tax due. The result can mean hundreds of dollars knocked off your bill — or added to your refund.

“With a credit, you get a 100% benefit,” says Andrew King, vice president of tax policy and research at Goldman Sachs Ayco Personal Financial Management in Cohoes, New York. “It’s a full recoupment of taxes you’d otherwise have to pay.”

Some tax credits apply to a huge swath of the population, while others are specialized to incentivize specific economic activity. Before you file your return, here are some tax credits you may want to review.

1. EARNED INCOME TAX CREDIT

The earned income tax credit, or EITC, is one of the most common income tax breaks, designed to help lighten the burden for middle- and lower-income families.

ADVERTISEMENT

For the 2021 tax year, 4 out of 5 filers claimed this tax credit, with an average benefit upward of $2,000. The total value those credits was approximately $64 billion, the IRS said.

Even better, the EITC is what is known as a “refundable” tax credit. That means if the credit amount is higher than your tax owed, the government will pay you the difference.

DO YOU QUALIFY? As its name suggests, eligibility for the EITC mostly depends on your income, and you have to have worked to receive the credit. For the 2022 tax year, the income limits range from $16,480 to $59,187, depending on your filing status.

There are a few other requirements, including: — You can’t have more than $10,300 in investment income. — Everyone on your tax return has to have a valid Social Security number. 2. CHILD TAX CREDIT

If you’ve used the child tax credit , or CTC, in the past, it’s important to remember that this benefit for families with children has undergone some significant changes.

During the pandemic, the government temporarily increased the credit amount, providing thousands of dollars worth of additional relief to some families. But in 2022, the credit reverted to its previous levels. Taxpayers who saw a big refund last year thanks to the credit may be disappointed when they file this time around.

ADVERTISEMENT

Still, the CTC can wipe out a considerable chunk of your tax bill. The benefit can reach $2,000 per qualifying child, and up to $1,500 of that is refundable. People with dependents who don’t qualify for the full credit can be eligible for a credit up to $500.

DO YOU QUALIFY?

Families with children under 17 are generally eligible for the child tax credit as long as their kids have valid Social Security numbers. However, the amount you can claim depends on your income.

The credit begins to phase out once your adjusted gross income exceeds $200,000, or $400,000 for those married filing jointly. At a certain income level, the benefit lapses entirely.

3. AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY CREDIT AND LIFETIME LEARNING CREDIT

The American opportunity credit and lifetime learning credit are two education-focused tax breaks that help people with expenses such as tuition. Both credits have a similar setup, but they are tailored toward different types of costs.

ADVERTISEMENT

The American opportunity credit is targeted toward students pursuing formal degree programs. The lifetime learning credit, on the other hand, can be used for other types of training and education.

The partially refundable American opportunity credit is also more generous: Taxpayers can claim up to $2,500 per eligible student, including for expenses beyond tuition, such as course materials. With the nonrefundable lifetime learning credit, you can claim a total of $2,000 per tax return for tuition only, regardless of how many students would be eligible. You can’t claim both credits for one student.

DO YOU QUALIFY? The eligibility criteria for these two education credits vary. For instance, the American opportunity credit can only be used for four years of post-secondary education, and eligible students have to be enrolled at least half time. The lifetime learning credit is broader, and can apply to graduate courses or vocational classes.

ADVERTISEMENT

The credits do have basic eligibility requirements in common. Both share an income limit of $90,000 for single filers and $180,000 for married people filing jointly.

________________________________

This article was provided to The Associated Press by the personal finance website NerdWallet. Andy Rosen is a writer at NerdWallet. Email: arosen@nerdwallet.com.

RELATED LINKS:

NerdWallet: Understanding the child tax credit https://bit.ly/nerdwallet-qualify-child-care-tax-credit

IRS: Do you qualify for the earned income tax credit? irs.gov/credits-deductions/individuals/earned-income-tax-credit/use-the-eitc-assistant

IRS: Comparing education tax credits https://www.eitc.irs.gov/other-refundable-credits-toolkit/compare-education-credits/compare-education-creditsThis photo provided by the Consumer Product Safety Commission shows YETI Hopper M20 Soft Backpack Cooler. U.S. product regulators said Thursday, March 9, 2023, that Yeti has recalled 1.9 million coolers and gear cases because magnets can come detached from them, posing a risk of serious injury or death. The Consumer Product Safety Commission said consumers should immediately stop using the four recalled products and contact Yeti for refund information. (Consumer Product Safety Commission via AP)

This photo provided by the Consumer Product Safety Commission shows YETI Hopper M20 Soft Backpack Cooler. U.S. product regulators said Thursday, March 9, 2023, that Yeti has recalled 1.9 million coolers and gear cases because magnets can come detached from them, posing a risk of serious injury or death. The Consumer Product Safety Commission said consumers should immediately stop using the four recalled products and contact Yeti for refund information. (Consumer Product Safety Commission via AP)

U.S. product regulators said Thursday that Yeti has recalled 1.9 million coolers and gear cases because magnets can come detached from them, posing a risk of serious injury or death.

The Consumer Product Safety Commission said consumers should immediately stop using the four recalled products and contact Yeti for refund information.

The closures on the recalled products can fail, resulting in detached magnets, the CPSC said. If swallowed, two or more high-powered magnets can attract to each other or to another metal object and get stuck in the digestive system. The CPSC said if that happens, it can cause perforations, twisting and blockage of the intestines, potentially resulting in infection, blood poisoning and death.

The products being recalled are the Sidekick dry gear case, M20 soft backpack cooler and M30 soft cooler, version 1.0 and 2.0.

The coolers and gear bags were sold at Dick’s Sporting Goods, Ace Hardware, Academy Sports and Outdoors, Yeti and other stores, including Amazon, from March 2018 to January 2023. The gear case sells for about $50 and the coolers for between $300 and $350.

ADVERTISEMENT

The firm has received 1,399 reports of the magnet-lined closures degrading or failing, including reports of missing or detached magnets. No magnet ingestions or injuries have been reported.

Consumers can contact Yeti toll-free at 833-444-3151 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Sunday. The Austin, Texas company can also be contact by email at productrecall (at) yeti.com or online at https://stg.yeti.com/M20-M30-sidekick-product-recall.html or at www.yeti.com. Consumers should click on “Product Recall” at the bottom of the page for details.

More than 40,000 of the recalled products were sold in Canada.

Shares in Yeti were down about 1.5% in midday trading Thursday.Customer Ray Ozoria gets a shoeshine from Bertha Gomez at the Alpha Shoe Repair Corp., Friday, Feb. 3, 2023, in New York. Once a common practice, the tradition of getting a quick polish from a rag-toting shoeshine has become more of a rarity, and many stands have disappeared across the country. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer)

Customer Ray Ozoria gets a shoeshine from Bertha Gomez at the Alpha Shoe Repair Corp., Friday, Feb. 3, 2023, in New York. Once a common practice, the tradition of getting a quick polish from a rag-toting shoeshine has become more of a rarity, and many stands have disappeared across the country. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer)

NEW YORK (AP) — On a recent winter weekday at Penn Station Shoe Repair and Shoe Shine, men hop onto shoeshine chairs and pull out newspapers and phones to read while shoeshiners get to work applying polish and elbow grease to loafers, boots and other leather shoes. When finished, these customers hand over $8 in cash at a counter where a sign reads “We’re not God, but we do save soles.”

Shoeshining has a long history in the U.S. In the 1860s, Horatio Alger popularized the “rags-to-riches” American narrative with his book “Ragged Dick” about a shoeshiner (or “bootblack”) who works his way up to wealth. “Shoeshine boys” (and occasional girls) have over the decades been depicted in countless movies and TV shows ranging from classics like Vittorio De Sica’s 1946 “Shoeshine,” to racist caricatures of Black shoeshiners.

Today, the tradition of getting a quick polish from a rag-toting shoeshiner is greatly diminished, and many stands similar to the one in Penn Station have disappeared across the country. The decline has been exacerbated by the pandemic, remote working and the rise in popularity of more casual workwear when people did return to the office. SC Johnson, which makes the biggest shoe polish brand, Kiwi, even said in January that it had stopped selling the brand in the U.K. due to softening demand (they still sell it in the U.S.)

ADVERTISEMENT

The last time the Census listed shoeshining as a discrete business was 2007, when only 30 establishments were counted. The more-encompassing shoe repair market has declined an estimated 23% between 2013 and 2023 to $307 million, according to market research firm IBISWorld. Shoe polish sales in 2022 totaled 27.3 million units, down 29% compared with 2019, according to figures from Nielsen, a sign of the changes brought on by the pandemic.

Nisan Khaimov, who owns the Penn Station stand, said his stand would shine 80 to 100 shoes each workday before the pandemic. Now it’s between 30 to 50 on Tuesday to Thursday, and even fewer on Mondays and Fridays. Hybrid work is hurting his business.

“Until people come back to work, the problems will not be solved,” said Khaimov, who benefits from commuters traveling in and out of New York City who can’t get their shoes shined where they live. “And it’s not good for landlords and for tenants also like us. So, we’re waiting. But eventually it will go back to normal, we hope. But when we don’t know.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Rory Heenan, 38, an accountant in Philadelphia, said that as a young boy he would take the train with his father on his way to work one Friday each month and watch him get a shoeshine.

“I would just sit here as a a little guy, you know, observing,” he said. “And here I am, you know, 30 years later, doing the same thing. So, it’s certainly something that’s passed down over time.”

Across town, in the corridor between the subway and The Port Authority bus terminal, Jairo Cardenas is also feeling the pinch. Business at Alpha Shoes Repair Corp., which he’s run for 33 years, is down 75% compared with prior to the pandemic. He’s down to one shoeshiner, from the three he employed before the pandemic. His shoeshiners used to shine 60 or 70 shoes a day. Now a good day is 10 to 15 shines.

Cardenas’ landlord gave him a break on rent, but he’s still struggling, and has seen several other shoeshine stores in the area close. Still, he is noticing an uptick in people returning to work and hopes business slowly returns to normal by the spring.

Shoe repairs typically bring in more money than shines. At David Mesquita’s Leather Spa, which operates five shoe repair and shoeshine businesses, including two in Grand Central, the bulk of the business comes from shoe, handbag and garment repair. But shoeshines are still a key offering to draw people in to Leather Spa locations since they’re not available everywhere.

Pre-pandemic, Leather Spa had four shoeshine chairs in Grand Central and six shoeshiners rotating, who would do about 120 shines a day. Nowadays, there are three shoeshiners who do 40 or 50 shines on the best days.

But Mesquita is seeing people slowly coming back. His December 2022 shoeshine numbers were up 52% compared with December 2021. Mondays and Fridays are less busy than the middle of the week due to office workers’ hybrid schedules.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Traffic is slowly coming back in, we’re seeing the commuters come in and everything, but we’re still not back 100% of what we were,” Mesquita said.

Mesquita said shoeshining is not something that will go away completely.

“I think it’s just a little luxury,” he said. “People like to treat themselves, you know, whether it’s once a week or twice a week or, you know, once every two weeks. It’s just nice.”

Besides big city transit hubs, airports are one of the few remaining spots to reliably get a shoeshine. Jill Wright owns Executive Shine, which operates shoeshine stations in the Denver and Charlotte airports. Her business was devastated when air travel shut down.

When airports started to reopen, they were empty. The only people getting their shoes shined were pilots and crew, she said, which kept her company in business. Now, Wright says her businesses is still just 35% of what it was in 2019.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Travel has really changed,” she said. “Companies are starting to come back but not to the degree that they were.”

Business travel is rebounding, but the U.S. Travel Association predicts 2023 business trips will still be down 10% from 2019, and will return to pre-pandemic levels in 2024. Meanwhile, people are dressing differently when they travel. Instead of traveling in workwear, some travelers that still want to get their shoes shined will travel in tennis shoes, pull out their dress shoes to get a shine, and then put them back in their bag, Wright said.

Like Mesquita, Wright expects demand for shoeshines will never go away completely, because it’s more than just a transactional service. A shine is a moment of connection between two people, particularly at an airport where there is a lot of rushing around and stress, she said.

“People come for a shoeshine, but they also come for the connection and for the conversation and just for a place to relax and talk and be seen and feel some compassion,” she said.Corpses are carried out of a Jehovah's Witness building and loaded into hearses in Hamburg, Germany Friday, March 10, 2023. Shots were fired inside the building used by Jehovah's Witnesses in the northern German city of Hamburg on Thursday evening, with multiple people killed and wounded, police said. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber)

Corpses are carried out of a Jehovah's Witness building and loaded into hearses in Hamburg, Germany Friday, March 10, 2023. Shots were fired inside the building used by Jehovah's Witnesses in the northern German city of Hamburg on Thursday evening, with multiple people killed and wounded, police said. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber)

HAMBURG, Germany (AP) — A gunman stormed a service at his former Jehovah’s Witness hall in Germany, killing six people before taking his own life after police arrived, authorities in the port city of Hamburg said Friday.

Police gave no motive for Thursday night’s attack. But they acknowledged recently receiving an anonymous tip that claimed the man identified as the shooter showed anger toward Jehovah’s Witnesses and might be psychologically unfit to own a gun.

Eight people were wounded, including a woman who was 28 weeks pregnant and lost the baby. Chancellor Olaf Scholz said the death toll could rise.

Officers apparently arrived at the hall while the attack was ongoing and heard one more shot, according to witnesses and authorities. They did not fire their weapons, but officials said their intervention likely prevented further loss of life at the boxy building next to an auto repair shop a few kilometers (miles) from downtown.

ADVERTISEMENT

Scholz, a former Hamburg mayor, said the city was “speechless in view of this violence” and “mourning those whose lives were taken so brutally.”

All of the victims were German citizens apart from two wounded women, one with Ugandan citizenship and one with Ukrainian.

Officials said the suspected assailant was a 35-year-old German man identified only as Philipp F., in line with the country’s privacy rules. Police said he had left the congregation “voluntarily, but apparently not on good terms,” about a year and a half ago.

A website registered in the name of someone who fits the police description says that he grew up in the Bavarian town of Kempten in “a strict religious evangelical household.”

The website, which is filled with business jargon, also links to a self-published book about “God, Jesus Christ and Satan.”

Philipp F. legally owned a semi-automatic Heckler & Koch Pistole P30 handgun, according to police. He fired more than 100 shots during the attack, and the head of the Hamburg prosecutors office, Ralf Peter Anders, said hundreds more rounds were found in a search of the man’s apartment.

Germany’s gun laws are more restrictive than those in the United States but permissive compared with some European neighbors, and shootings are not unheard of.

Last year, an 18-year-old man opened fire in a packed lecture at Heidelberg University , killing one person and wounding three others before killing himself. In 2020, the nation saw two high-profile shootings, one that killed six people and another that took nine lives .

In the most recent shooting involving a site of worship, a far-right extremist attempted to force his way into a synagogue in Halle on the Jewish holy day of Yom Kippur in 2019 . After failing to gain entry, he shot two people to death nearby.

ADVERTISEMENT

The German government announced plans last year to crack down on gun ownership by suspected extremists and to tighten background checks. Currently, anyone who wants to acquire a firearm must show that they are fit to do so, including by proving that they require a gun. Reasons can include being part of a sports shooting club or being a hunter.

Hamburg Police Chief Ralf Martin Meyer said the man was visited by officers after they received an anonymous tip in January, claiming that he had “particular anger toward religious believers, in particular toward Jehovah’s Witnesses and his former employer.”

Officers said the man was cooperative and found no grounds to take away his weapon, according to Meyer.

ADVERTISEMENT

“The bottom line is that an anonymous tip in which someone says they’re worried a person might have a psychological illness isn’t in itself a basis for (such) measures,” he said.

Germany’s top security official laid a wreath of flowers outside the hall to commemorate the victims and thanked police before taking questions from reporters.

Asked whether the attack could have been prevented, Interior Minister Nancy Faser said it was necessary to wait for the investigation to conclude, but she acknowledged that changes were needed in the way background checks are conducted and information is exchanged between authorities.

She said a bill now making its way through the legislative process would require gun owners to undergo psychological tests.

ADVERTISEMENT

On Friday morning, forensic investigators in protective white suits could be seen outside the hall. As a light snow fell, officers placed yellow cones on the ground and windowsills to mark evidence.

A special operations unit that happened to be near the hall arrived just minutes after receiving the first emergency call at 9:04 p.m. , Hamburg’s top security official said. The officers were able to separate the gunman from the congregation.

“We can assume that they saved many people’s lives this way,” Hamburg state Interior Minister Andy Grote told reporters.

Upon arrival, officers found people with apparent gunshot wounds on the ground floor and then heard a shot from an upper floor, where they found a fatally wounded person believed to be the shooter, according to police spokesman Holger Vehren.

Gregor Miebach, who lives within sight of the building, heard shots and filmed a figure entering the building through a window. In his footage, shots can then be heard from inside. The figure later apparently emerges from the hall, is seen in the courtyard and then fires more shots through a first floor window before the lights in the room go out.

ADVERTISEMENT

Miebach told German television news agency NonstopNews that he heard at least 25 shots. After police arrived, one last shot followed, he said.

His mother, Dorte Miebach, said she was shocked by the shooting. “It’s really 50 meters (yards) from our house and many people died,” she said. “This is still incomprehensible.”

Jehovah’s Witnesses are part of an international church founded in the United States in the 19th century and headquartered in Warwick, New York. The church claims a worldwide membership of about 8.7 million, with about 170,000 in Germany.

Members are known for their evangelistic efforts that include knocking on doors and distributing literature in public squares. The denomination’s practices include a refusal to bear arms, receive blood transfusions, salute a national flag or participate in secular government.

David Semonian, a U.S.-based spokesman for Jehovah’s Witnesses, said in an emailed statement Friday that members “worldwide grieve for the victims of this traumatic event.”

___ Moulson and Jordans reported from Berlin. Associated Press journalist David Rising in Bangkok contributed to this report.Baseball fans in Tokyo shared their excitement on Thursday about Japanese player Shohei Ohtani preparing to play in the World Baseball Classic. (March 9)

Baseball fans in Tokyo shared their excitement on Thursday about Japanese player Shohei Ohtani preparing to play in the World Baseball Classic. (March 9)

TOKYO (AP) — He’d paid about $80 for his ticket. He wore a Japan cap above a blue Los Angeles Angels jersey. And as he enthused about the sensation that is Shohei Ohtani, baseball fan Hotaru Shiromizo was talking about far more than sports.

Shiromizu, 23, was part of the quilt of thousands of colorfully dressed fans outside the Tokyo Dome on Thursday afternoon. They paced, they camped out, and they discussed their hopes of seeing Ohtani pitch — and hit — against China in Japan’s opening game in the World Baseball Classic.

“He’s a legendary player, but he’s more than just a good player,” Shiromizu said, using his translator app to help clarify a few thoughts in English. “His aspirations — his achievements — have had a positive influence on all Japanese people.”

He added: “All the kids want to be like Ohtani.”

These days, Japanese culture and politics feel more tenuous than a few decades ago. The economy is stagnant. The birthrate is among the world’s lowest. A former prime minister was assassinated a few months ago on the street. And despite the “Cool Japan” image abroad, the nation faces uncertainty on many fronts, a corruption scandal surrounding the pandemic-delayed 2020 Tokyo Olympics, and a giant Asian rival in neighboring China.

ADVERTISEMENT

For many, Ohtani is the antidote.

PART OF AN EVOLUTION

He does things modern players don’t do. He’s a throwback who pitches, bats and can play in the field. Many call him the finest player in the major leagues. If that’s the case, then he’s better than Americans — Latin Americans, too — at what they consider their own game.

He’s the culmination — so far, at least — of an evolution in Japanese baseball that began when the game was introduced to the country in 1872 by an American professor. And his fame has now surpassed that of players like Ichiro Suzuki and Hideo Nomo, who came before him.

One of them could hit really well. One could pitch the same way. But Ohtani? He does both, and with more power — on the pitcher’s mound and at bat — than either Ichiro or Nomo.

“I suppose the idolization of Ohtani in Japan reflects its own inferiority complex vis a vis the fatherland of baseball that is the U.S.,” said Koichi Nakano, who teaches politics and culture in Tokyo at Sophia University.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Baseball is so major here, but it has long been said that Japanese baseball, called yakyu, is different from `real’ baseball in America. Books have been written and published on the topic,” Nakano said. “So each time where there is a Japanese `export’ that was hugely successful in MLB, the Japanese are enthralled.”

The wait to see Ohtani play again in Japan is also driving the buzz around him — and the sellouts at the Tokyo Dome.

It had been almost 2,000 days since Ohtani played his last inning in Japan on Oct. 9, 2017, for the Nippon Ham-Fighters before leaving for California. That appearance drought ended in a practice game on Monday when Ohtani hit a pair of three-run homers off the Hanshin Tigers.

Keiichiro Shiotsuka, a businessman waiting outside the stadium, called Ohtani “a treasure of Japan.”

ADVERTISEMENT

“I don’t know if such a player like him will ever exist in the future, so I’m happy he’s now playing in Japan,” he said.

TALENT AND CHARACTER

Atop all the talent, Ohtani has a sterling reputation. No scandals. No tabloid stories about his social life. He’s overflowing with $20 million in endorsements, more than any other major leaguer. And he could sign the largest contract in baseball history — the number $500 million has been kicked around — when he becomes a free agent after this season.

“He is very authentic,” said Masako Yamamoto, standing in a ticket line outside the Tokyo Dome with her 12-year-old son Shutaro and other family members. Facing her was a pulsating billboard with Ohtani’s image flashing.

“As a human, he’s polite and very charming and good to people,” she said. “He’s special. His personality is so even. He seems to make the atmosphere.”

Ohtani came out of Japan’s regimented baseball system at Hanamaki Higashi High School in largely rural Iwate prefecture in northeastern Japan. Blue Jays pitcher Yusei Kikuchi attended the same high school a few years earlier. The military-like system has its critics, but Ohtani is making it look good.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Ohtani was raised in this Japanese, martial arts-inspired training system where you join a baseball team and you play year-round,” Robert Whiting, who has written several books on Japanese baseball and lived here off and on for 60 years, said in an interview last year with The Associated Press.

“Ichiro, in his first year in high school was probably the best player on the team, but he couldn’t play. He had to do the laundry and cook the meals. He’d get up in the middle of night and practice his swing,” Whiting said. “The same thing with Ohtani. He was cleaning toilets in high school during his first year.”

Ohtani is the polar opposite of Ichiro, who had an edge. The Japanese phrase “deru kugi wa utareru’” captures Ichiro: “The nail that sticks up gets hammered down.”

In explaining how baseball took root in Japan, Whiting and others have pointed to the importance of a game in 1896 in Yokohama between Japanese and Americans. Japan won 29-4, and many of the players were from Samurai families.

ADVERTISEMENT

The result was front-page news in Japan. The victory is thought to have given Japan confidence as it was modernizing, coming out of centuries of isolation, and showed it could compete against the industrially advanced West.

On Thursday night, so many years later, Japan got itself more front-page baseball news. Ohtani allowed one hit in the four innings he pitched and struck out five, ending up as the winning pitcher in an 8-1 Japan victory. He also doubled off the left field wall in the fourth to score two. So fans like Shiromizu got what they came for -- Ohtani pitching, hitting and not disappointing the 41,616 who showed up.

“Ohtani is the latest of these idols, but he might be even bigger than any before him,” said Nakano, the political scientist. He noted that only Ohtani hits and pitches both — just like the old-timers used to, which gives him a unique profile. “He is ‘Made in Japan,’ but more real now than America players.”

___

Video journalist Koji Ueda contributed to this report. Follow Japan-based AP sports writer Stephen Wade on Twitter at http://twitter.com/StephenWadeAP

___

AP MLB coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsThe omelet as most Americans know it is a French import. But cooks the world over have combined whipped eggs with cooked ingredients since at least the ancient Persians. And often, “omelets” from other cultures are a lot less fussy than the filled and folded bistro classic.

Take egg foo young, for instance. It may call to mind the deep-fried, heavily sauced egg dish offered in Chinese-American restaurants, but in China, Cantonese cooks use a lot less oil and a lot more crispy vegetables. In this recipe from our book “Cook What You Have,” which draws on pantry staples to assemble easy, weeknight meals, we take the Cantonese path for veggie-packed omelets. It also happens to be a great way to use up leftover vegetables.

We call for cabbage, onion and bell pepper, but bean sprouts, mushrooms and scallions also are good choices; you’ll need a total of about 4 cups raw vegetables. The vegetables are stir-fried to give them a head start, but are cooked only until crisp-tender. A bit of cornstarch mixed into the eggs helps bind the mixture together to form pancake-sized patties in the skillet.

ADVERTISEMENT

To boost the protein, stir in some chopped cooked shrimp, pork or chicken. A quick sriracha mayonnaise served alongside makes a spicier, more complex substitution than the soy sauce-heavy gravy normally slathered on egg foo young.

And for a fun twist, make St. Paul sandwiches, a St. Louis favorite. Just slather the Sriracha mayo on white bread, then tuck the omelet, lettuce, tomato and pickles inside.

Chinese-Style Vegetable Omelets

https://www.177milkstreet.com/recipes/chinese-style-vegetable-omelets

Start to finish: 40 minutes (30 minutes active) Servings: 2 to 4

¼ cup mayonnaise 1 tablespoon Sriracha OR chili-garlic sauce 6 large eggs 1 tablespoon soy sauce 1 tablespoon cornstarch Kosher salt and ground white OR black pepper 3½ tablespoons grapeseed or other neutral oil, divided 2 cups thinly sliced green cabbage 1 small yellow onion, halved and thinly sliced ½ medium red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and thinly sliced

In a small bowl, stir together the mayonnaise and Sriracha; set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, soy sauce, cornstarch, ½ teaspoon salt and ¼ teaspoon pepper; set aside.

ADVERTISEMENT

In a 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium-high, heat 1½ tablespoons oil until shimmering. Add the cabbage, onion, bell pepper, ½ teaspoon salt and ¼ teaspoon pepper; cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are lightly browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat. Whisk the egg mixture to recombine, then add the hot vegetables and, using a silicone spatula, stir until well combined. Wipe out the skillet.

In the same skillet over medium-high, heat 1 tablespoon of the remaining oil until shimmering. Drop 2 heaping ½-cup portions of the egg-vegetable mixture into the skillet, spacing them on opposite sides of the pan. Using the spatula, spread each portion into a 4- to 5-inch round; if they spread into an oval shape, don’t worry, just keep them separated. Cook until the edges start to brown and puff and the omelets are nicely browned on the bottoms, about 3 minutes. Using a wide spatula, flip the omelets and cook, reducing the heat as needed if the omelets are cooking too quickly, until golden brown on the second sides, about another 2 minutes. Transfer to a large plate.

ADVERTISEMENT

Cook the remaining 2 omelets in the same way using the remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Serve with the Sriracha mayo.

Optional garnish: Toasted sesame oil OR thinly sliced scallions OR both

EDITOR’S NOTE: For more recipes, go to Christopher Kimball’s Milk Street at 177milkstreet.com/apMADRID (AP) — From demands for constitutional rights in Islamabad to calls for economic parity in Manila, Paris and Madrid, International Women’s Day demonstrations in cities around the world Wednesday highlighted the unfinished work of providing equity for half of the planet’s population.

While activists in some places celebrated political and legal advances, observances also pointed to repression in countries such as Afghanistan and Iran, and the large numbers of women and girls who experience sexual assaults and domestic violence globally.

United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres noted this week that women’s rights were “abused, threatened and violated” around the world — and gender equality won’t be achieved for 300 years given the current pace of change.

Progress won over decades is vanishing because “the patriarchy is fighting back,” Guterres said.

ADVERTISEMENT

Even in countries where women have considerable freedom, there have been recent setbacks. This was the first International Women’s Day since the U.S. Supreme Court ended the constitutional right to abortion last year and many states adopted restrictions on abortion.

The United Nations recognized International Women’s Day in 1977, but the occasion has its roots in labor movements of the early 20th century. The day is commemorated in different ways and to varying degrees in places around the world.

The United Nations identified Afghanistan as the most repressive country in the world for women and girls since the Taliban takeover in 2021. The U.N. mission said Afghanistan’s new rulers were “imposing rules that leave most women and girls effectively trapped in their homes.”

They have banned girls’ education beyond sixth grade, and barred women from public spaces such as parks and gyms. Women must cover themselves from head to toe, and are also barred from working at national and international nongovernmental organizations.

Afghan women’s rights campaigner Zubaida Akbar told the U.N. Security Council that women and girls in the country are facing “the worst crisis for women’s rights in the world.”

“The Taliban have sought not only to erase women from public life, but to extinguish our basic humanity,” said Zubaida, “There is one term that appropriately describes the situation of Afghan woman today: Gender Apartheid.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Women gathered in Pakistan’s major cities to march amid tight security. Organizers said the demonstrations were aimed at seeking rights guaranteed by the constitution. Some conservative groups last year threatened to stop similar marches by force.

Women’s rights activists in Japan held a small rally to renew their demand for the government to allow married couples to keep using different surnames. Under the 1898 civil code, a couple must adopt “the surname of the husband or wife” at the time of marriage. Surveys show majority support for both men and women keeping their own names.

In the Philippines, hundreds of protesters from various women’s groups rallied in Manila for higher wages and decent jobs.

ADVERTISEMENT

“We are seeing the widest gender pay gap,” protest leader Joms Salvador said. “We are seeing an unprecedented increase in the number of women workers who are in informal work without any protection.”

The first female leader of Tanzania, President Samia Suluhu Hassan, said during an International Women’s Day rally organized by an opposition party that she has brought a new level of political tolerance to the East African nation.

Hassan has been accused of continuing her predecessor John Magufuli’s anti-democratic policies, but she lifted a 6-year-old ban on opposition rallies in January.

“The opposition is lucky that it is a woman president in charge because if a misunderstanding occurs, I will stand for peace and make the men settle their egos,” the president said.

In Turkey, women converged on a central Istanbul neighborhood to try and demonstrate for their rights — and protest the staggering toll of the deadly quake that hit Turkey and Syria a month ago.

Thousands braved an official ban on the march, and were met by police who fired tear gas and detained several people. Similar incidents marred past years’ efforts to hold the march.

Groups held banners saying, “We are angry, we are in mourning,” a reference to the more than 46,100 people in Turkey who died in unsafe buildings and the hundreds of thousands left homeless by the Feb. 6 quake.

In Europe, hundreds of ethnic Albanian women in Kosovo’s capital protesting domestic violence threw black-and-red smoke bombs at the police headquarters. The protesters, who rallied under the slogan “We march, do not celebrate,” accused police, the prosecutor’s office and the courts of gender discrimination.

In Russia, where International Women’s Day is a national holiday, President Vladimir Putin presented state awards to several women during a Kremlin ceremony. He singled out a military paramedic and a journalist for fulfilling their duties during the war in Ukraine , which the Kremlin insists on calling “a special military operation.”

In Spain alone, hundreds of thousands of women — with expectations taking the total over 1 million as in previous years — attended evening demonstrations in Madrid, Barcelona and other cities.

Although Spain has for years produced one of the world’s biggest turnouts on March 8, this year’s marches are marked by a division within its own left-wing government over a sexual liberty law that has inadvertently led to the reduction of sentences for hundreds of sexual offenders.

Feminists in Spain are also split over a new transgender rights law that took effect last week, and allows anyone 16 and older to change their gender on official documents without medical certification.

Elsewhere in Europe, tens of thousands of people marched in Paris and other French cities, brandishing posters with the messages: “Equal Pay, Now” and “Solidarity with the world’s women.” The rallies focused on protesting proposed changes to the pension system , which women’s groups say are unfair to working mothers.

The protest came hours after President Emmanuel Macron’s government presented a new gender equity plan, which would prohibit companies that do not not publish a gender equality index or have a poor rating from getting public contracts. Women’s salaries in France are on average 15.8% below men’s.

In Ireland, the government announced that it will hold a referendum in November to enshrine gender equality and remove discriminatory language from the country’s constitution.

The Irish constitution, which was drawn up in 1937, currently states that the state shall endeavor to “ensure that mothers shall not be obliged by economic necessity to engage in labor to the neglect of their duties in the home.”

Brazil’s President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva announced measures seeking to promote and protect women after years of setbacks partially fueled by the rise of far-right forces under predecessor Jair Bolsonaro.

Lula presented a bill that would guarantee equal pay for women and men who perform the same jobs. and committed 372 million reais ($73 million) to build domestic violence shelters.

Despite global protests every year, International Women’s Day has not been widely observed in the U.S.

“For most of its history, Women’s Day was associated with socialism,” said Kristen Ghodsee, a professor of Russian and East European studies at the University of Pennsylvania. “I’m sure you can imagine that was not very popular in the United States.”

The day has been a nod to many events where women have stood up for their rights as workers, Ghodsee said. “They’re not just trying to get the right to vote — they’re trying to promote a progressive cause with the entire working class.”

___

Yamaguchi reported from Tokyo. Joseph Wilson in Barcelona and Associated Press writers across the world contributed to this report.PARIS (AP) — Camellias that towered five meters (16 feet) high served as the ready-to-wear altarpiece for Chanel’s sparkling, bloom-inspired fall display.

Meanwhile, Miuccia Prada’s baby sister brand Miu Miu — another headline show on Paris Fashion Week’s last day – drew stars such as Kylie Minogue for its study in off-kilter creativity. Some of the show’s front row seats were left empty amid France’s nationwide strikes again pension reform.

Here are some highlights of the fall-winter 2023-24 collections, including when Associated Press caught up with Penelope Cruz:

CHANEL’S CAMELLIA

It was the flower that launched a thousand designs. Legend has it that the camellia first became Gabrielle “Coco” Chanel’s obsession in 1913 when she pinned one to her belt — seduced, the house said, by its “simplicity, shape, purity and vitality.” Over a century later, the winter flower is still center stage.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Camellia is more than a theme, it’s an eternal code,” creative director Virginie Viard said. “I like its softness and its strength.”

As ever, there was a restraint in Viard’s design aesthetic, for instance, in the use of a limited palette of whites, shadowy blacks and shades of pink. The camellia, too, was handled strictly, adorning pockets, buttons and jackets, prints or leather shoes.

But the ubiquitous sparkle of sequins and in plays in shape — slits in gowns, asymmetrical coats and swooshes of diagonal fabric on skirts — gave the collection motion.

Viard also dabbled in men’s styles with menswear jackets and dandy-like British dressing gowns.

“The faded colors, the dusky pink, the crafted pieces, the touches of 1960s and 70s, a certain English vibe, the comfortable enveloping coats, the authentic materials, make the collections more real, and more charming too,” Viard said.

PENELOPE CRUZ ON LAGERFELD

Penelope Cruz revisited her memories of late designer Karl Lagerfeld following Chanel’s show.

At a 1999 Vanity Fair party, Lagerfeld and current designer Viard were discussing the actress becoming a Chanel ambassador. It was meant to be a secret.

“Karl and Virginie were speaking in French and they thought I was not understanding,” Cruz said. “And they were talking about me becoming an ambassador to the brand. But I understood everything, pretending that I was not, and I was looking to a different place,” Cruz said. “They gave me the great ‘news’ quite soon after that!”

ADVERTISEMENT

Cruz spoke with love for the house, which feels “like a family,” whose designs and magic had made her dream, even as a young girl growing up in Spain.

The Oscar winner also spoke of Viard’s tongue-in-cheek style. Tuesday’s fall-winter set was based on the 1966 movie “Who Are You, Polly Maggoo?” a satirical French mockumentary about runway hyperbole and the excesses of the fashion industry.

“But of course, Virginie does have a sense of humor,” Cruz said. “You have to be brave to mix some materials and colors. It was fun.”

MIU MIU’S DISRUPTIONS

Nearly 50 screens lining the walls and columns of the Palais d’Iena beamed out scenes of the set construction at the Miu Miu show, beside white tube lighting and a white corrugated iron backdrop.

ADVERTISEMENT

The program notes came with a text by Korean artist Geumhyung Jeong: “There is a codependency, but in the end, machines do not need us. We need them.”

The link to the decor’s theme of the off-kilter fashion display was unclear to some, but Prada seemed to want to challenge the set rules of dressing.

Knickers poked out from under a brown leather mini-dress, cut so short they were no longer truly underwear. The appliques on one light silk umber gown were so heavy they structured the dress rather than vice-versa. Three-dimensional flowers adorning a top were intentionally obscured by a sheer green cardigan.

The fashion twists bowled over Prada’s guests, who cheered and applauded, including Kylie Minogue in a demure black velvet minidress.

‘CELEBUTANT’ RUNWAY TURN

The daughter of former NBA star Dwyane Wade and stepdaughter of actress Gabrielle Union, Zaya, 15, trod the boards at Miu Miu in her fashion week debut as a model.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I’m not crying, you are,” Wade posted on Instagram on a story of his daughter modeling.

Wade and Union sat front row in all-black outfits and shades cheering her on, when she strutted past in an oversized olive green knit coat ensemble with pencil skirt and slingback shoes.

The moment may have been even more poignant after Zaya, who came out as transgender in 2020, was recently officially granted gender change and name.

Zaya has become a vocal advocate for queer rights and education for younger LGBTQ+ people.

STRIKES, DARLING

The back-to-back runways of Paris Fashion Week are frenetic. Private cars snake round blocks, snared traffic is normal and crowds of photographers make it difficult to navigate the sidewalks around show venues.

As a result, social movements in the French capital are often imperceptible.

The labor strikes across France on Tuesday left some chunks of front row seats empty at Miu Miu. While Chanel, which last season shut out guests who arrived a couple of minutes late, started its show — gasp — tardily.

ADVERTISEMENT

Both likely resulted from limited transportation options, with many Paris metro lines shuttered for the day. In addition, some guests left the city early to avoid the chaos of the strikes launched in protest of President Emmanuel Macron’s proposed pension reforms.

Eva Chen, head of fashion partnerships at Instagram, was one such early leaver. Chen posted videos and photos of her trying to reach Charles de Gaulle Airport, including people walking along the highway, owing to a protest blocking traffic around the airport.

Y-PROJECT DISSECTS

Weary fashionistas made it to the finish line at Y-Project – for some representing the final big show of the Paris season’s 107 on-calendar runway collections or presentations.

Glen Martens rarely disappoints with his award-winning scruffy, forward style that riffs on fashion history.

Dissection was a key theme for fall — with black tops snipped away to a rectangle of fabric held by straps, and denim jackets deconstructed in segments. Yet history is never too far away.

An ice blue three-dimensional ruffled tunic hinted at the Shakespearean stage, and a sheer white top evoked the structure of a corset.For much of the Eastern United States, winter has been a bust. Snow totals are far below average from Boston to Philadelphia and warmer temperatures has often resulted in more spring like days than blizzard like conditions. (AP Video: Rodrique Ngowi)

For much of the Eastern United States, winter has been a bust. Snow totals are far below average from Boston to Philadelphia and warmer temperatures has often resulted in more spring like days than blizzard like conditions. (AP Video: Rodrique Ngowi)

BOSTON (AP) — Growing up in New England, Leah Ofsevit’s most cherished childhood memories were blanketed in snow. She remembers running barefoot outside with her brother at the first sign of it, building snowmen and ice castles most winters, strapping on skis as a toddler.

Ofsevit and her husband, Jeremy Garczynski, want to pass those traditions onto their children, 3-year-old Lewis and 8-month-old Asher. They were hoping this would be the year: Tiny skis were purchased for Lewis, and they planned to ski their favorite Massachusetts ski trails while dragging Asher behind them in a sled.

But three months into winter, with March arriving, their skis and sleds are mostly gathering dust. She doesn’t like it one bit.

“It’s not what I envisioned for my kids,” says Ofsevit, who was on her high school cross-country ski team and lives in Melrose, just outside Boston. “Its such a big part of being a kid in New England.”

ADVERTISEMENT

For much of the eastern United States, from Massachusetts all the way down to parts of West Virginia and into Ohio, winter has been a bust. While parts of the Midwest have been hit with repeated snow storms, much of California including Los Angeles got blanketed of late and even parts of the Southwest saw near-blizzard conditions , many East Coast cities have missed out.

Boston, known for nasty nor’easters and a blizzard last year that dumped nearly two feet of snow on the city, had seen just over 11 inches as of last week compared to an average of 38.6, according to data from the National Weather Service. Philadelphia has gotten only 0.3 inches compared to an average of 19.2. New York, which typically gets over two feet by now, has seen only 2.2 inches. Similar shortfalls have been seen in Providence, Pittsburgh, Washington, D.C. and parts of West Virginia.

There have been exceptions like Buffalo, which in November got walloped thanks to lake-effect storm, caused by cold air picking up moisture from warmer lakes. Yet, says David Robinson, a Rutgers University geography professor and the New Jersey state climatologist: “For the most part, it’s been a winterless winter.”

THE WHYS

A big reason for the lack of snow has been the warmer conditions , Robinson says — conditions driven in part by human-induced climate change. The northeast is among the fastest warming regions in the country.

ADVERTISEMENT

The region has seen plenty of precipitation, but often it has been too warm to snow. Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Rhode Island and Vermont all had their warmest January on record, while Indiana, New York and Pennsylvania their second warmest, according to the the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.

But other factors are at play.

La Niña, which involves a large-scale cooling of ocean surface temperatures , has led to unusual cool conditions in the eastern Pacific Ocean. As a result, the jet stream, which would bring colder conditions to the region, has kept that air closer to the Canadian border rather than dropping down into the northeast.

ADVERTISEMENT

The polar vortex, which spins like a whirling top above the North Pole, also remained strong through mid-January, which kept the colder air bottled up in Canada, according to Judah Cohen, who studies the relationship between the polar vortex and the weather and is the director of seasonal forecasting for Verisk AER.

This could become the new normal. The weather service analyzed snowfall totals back to 2019 in the contiguous United States and found the states whose totals are furthest off their average as of mid-February were on the East Coast.

For many who pride themselves on thriving in New England winters, the unusually warm conditions have been disorienting and downright depressing. Gone are the four seasons and the scenes many have long associated with winter — snow blanketing backyards, covering trees and piling up in mounds on street corners and in parking lots.

Instead, the landscape offers brown grass, muddy backyards and spring flowers blooming early.

“When I retired, I thought winter would be my joyful time because I will be able to ski when I want, be outdoors ... enjoy everything having to do with winter,” said Leah Ofsevit’s mother, Nancy Mazonson. “It’s not beautiful outside. ... It’s not mysterious. It’s just the same old same old without the magic of snow.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Caroline Nagy moved from New York City to Troy in upstate New York with her husband in hopes of catching colder and snowier winters. It hasn’t turned out as she expected. “A warm month is one thing,” says Nagy, “but a warm winter is scary.”

UNDERMINING ACTIVITIES

The warmer conditions have been especially hard on traditional winter sports.

Cross-country ski trails have not opened in many locations. Ice skaters have abandoned backyard ponds. Some ski resorts, especially those that rely on natural snow, have struggled to remain open. In Pennsylvania, Whitetail Resort has already closed for the season; in Cherry Creek, New York, Cockaigne Resort announced on its webpage that it was closing due to the warm temperatures and rain. And a popular 216-mile sled dog race in Michigan’s Upper Peninsula was cancelled due to unfavorable weather for the first time in its 33-year-history.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Wherever it was already thin, now it was turning to ice,” says Darlene Walch, president of the Upper Peninsula Sled Dog Association. “When the snow pack gets saturated, it will turn to concrete when it freezes. It’s not good for the dogs, and it’s hard for the mushers to control their sleds.”

Many lakes and ponds have not frozen over, including the Great Lakes, where less than 12% of the surface area was covered with ice as of early March, according to NOAA’s Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory in Ann Arbor, Michigan. The historical average for this time of year is closer to 40%.

As a result, ice fishing tournaments from Maine to Pennsylvania have been scrapped. Several people have fallen through the ice, including three fishermen who died in a week on Lake Champlain in Vermont.

The lack of winter’s symptoms has not been all bad. Spring-like conditions have been a boon to bicycle commuters. Golfers have been spotted on courses that, this time of year, typically host skiers. Tennis courts are bustling on warm days, and playgrounds are filled with children.

Cities like Boston, Philadelphia and New York are expected to save millions of dollars budgeted for snow removal. Connecticut’s 169 cities and towns traditionally use their entire snow budgets by the end of winter, but Kevin Maloney, spokesperson for the Connecticut Conference of Municipalities, says that this year, “the budgets have been virtually untouched.”

Robinson, the New Jersey climatologist, says snow isn’t going away anytime soon. “There’s no sign of any decline in the large events,” he says. “There’s beginning to be some evidence that we’re having fewer of the smaller events.”

Yet for the small businesses that plow parking lots and salt roads, it has been tough.

“I have never personally been through a winter like this,” says Jordan Kenyon, who is the co-owner of two snow management businesses in Mystic, Connecticut. Typically, they plan for 10 storms along the southeastern Connecticut shoreline and 15 inland events. This year, he says, his crews have been out only a handful of times to spread salt and plowed just once.

Despite this year’s snow-challenged winter, Kenyon says he’s not counting out the snow-removal part of his business.

“There’s always going to be snow at some point. And so, we don’t see changing the business model,” he says. “But we may have to make operational adjustments if we see this pattern continuing.”

___

Associated Press writers Susan Haigh in Hartford, John Flesher in Traverse City, Michigan, Maysoon Kahn in Albany, New York and Ron Todt in Philadelphia contributed to this report. Follow Michael Casey on Twitter at http://twitter.com/mcasey1Many kids are struggling in school. Do their parents know?

Evena Joseph, left, sits with her son J. Ryan Mathurin, 9, as he does his homework, Thursday, Dec. 22, 2022, at their home, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

Evena Joseph, left, sits with her son J. Ryan Mathurin, 9, as he does his homework, Thursday, Dec. 22, 2022, at their home, in Boston. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)

BOSTON (AP) — Evena Joseph was unaware how much her 10-year-old son was struggling in school. She found out only with help from somebody who knows the Boston school system better than she does.

Her son, J. Ryan Mathurin, wasn’t always comfortable pronouncing words in English. But Joseph, a Haitian immigrant raising him by herself, did not know how far behind he was in reading — in the 30th percentile — until a hospital where her son was receiving treatment connected her with a bilingual advocate.

“I’m sad and disappointed,” Joseph said through an interpreter. “It’s only because I was assigned an educational advocate that I know this about my son.”

It’s widely known from test scores that the pandemic set back students across the country. But many parents don’t realize that includes their own child.

Schools have long faced criticism for failing to inform certain parents about their kids’ academic progress. But after the COVID-19 school closures, the stakes for children have in many ways never been greater. Opportunities to catch up are plentiful in some places, thanks to federal COVID aid, but won’t last forever. It will take better communication with parents to help students get the support they need, experts say.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Parents can’t solve a problem that they don’t know they have,” said Cindi Williams, co-founder of Learning Heroes, a nonprofit dedicated to improving communication between public schools and parents about student academic progress.

A 2022 survey of 1,400 public school parents around the country by Learning Heroes showed 92% believed their children were performing at grade level . But in a federal survey, school officials said half of all U.S. students started this school year behind grade level in at least one subject.

At home, J. Ryan races through multiplication problems at his dining room table. His mother watches as he lingers for several minutes on a paragraph about weather systems and struggles to answer questions about the reading.

“Sometimes I can’t understand the writing or the main idea of the text,” J. Ryan said after putting away his homework.

The struggles that ultimately brought J. Ryan to the hospital for mental health treatment began in third grade, when he returned to in-person school after nearly a year of studying online. His teacher called frequently, sometimes every day. J. Ryan was getting frustrated, disrupting lessons and leaving the classroom.

J. Ryan displayed these behaviors during English language arts and other classes including Mandarin and gym, according to his special education plan shared with The Associated Press. He happily participated in math class, where he felt more confidence.

Joseph changed her work schedule at a casino to the night shift so she could talk with teachers during the day. The calls continued in fourth grade. But Joseph said teachers never mentioned his problems reading.

Last spring, she sought treatment for what was becoming obvious: Her son was depressed. She was teamed up at the hospital with the parent advocate who speaks English and Haitian Creole.

ADVERTISEMENT

The advocate, Fabienne Eliacin, pushed to get J. Ryan’s scores from the tests given each fall to monitor student learning. She explained to Joseph what it meant to be scored in the 30th percentile. It’s not good, Eliacin told her. He can do better.

To Joseph, it suddenly made sense why J. Ryan was acting out in English class. But why, she wondered, were his teachers only focused on her son’s behavior if his trouble reading was causing his distress? “They don’t really care how much they learn, as long as they stay quiet,” Joseph concluded.

Boston Public School officials wouldn’t comment on J. Ryan’s case. “We are committed to providing families with comprehensive and up-to-date information regarding their student’s academic performance,” district spokesperson Marcus O’Mard said.

Before this year, it was up to Boston schools to share midyear evaluations with parents, but it’s not clear how many were doing it. In the fall, Boston rolled out a communications campaign to help teachers explain testing results to parents as much as three times a year.

ADVERTISEMENT

J. Ryan’s former teachers did not respond to emails seeking comment.

There are many reasons teachers might not talk to parents about a student’s academic progress, especially when the news is bad, research shows.

“Historically, teachers did not get a lot of training to talk to parents,” said Tyler Smith, a school psychology professor at the University of Missouri. School leadership and support for teachers also make a difference, he said.

That’s consistent with findings from national teacher surveys conducted by Learning Heroes. At times, Williams said, teachers also “make assumptions” that some low-income parents don’t care or shouldn’t be burdened, or that parents won’t believe them.

Without these conversations, parents have had to rely on report cards. But report cards are notoriously subjective, reflecting how much effort students show in class and whether they turn in homework.

The progress report for Tamela Ensrud’s second-grade son in Nashville shows mostly As and a B in English, but she noticed her son was having trouble with reading. She asked to discuss her son’s reading test scores at a fall parent-teacher conference, but was only shown samples of her son’s work and told, “Your son is doing well.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Her son’s afterschool program, which is run by a nonprofit, tested his literacy and math skills this fall and found he was reading below grade level. He qualified for their reading intervention program.

“I don’t think the full story is being told,” Ensrud said.

Metro Nashville Public Schools said it posts student test scores online for parents to see. “To our knowledge she has not shared any of those concerns with the school administration and if she had, they would be able to share information about these resources,” spokesperson Sean Braisted said.

Ensrud has looked at the scores online and found them impossible to interpret.

Many districts have poured their federal pandemic recovery money into summer school offerings, tutoring programs and other interventions to help students regain ground lost during the pandemic. But the uptake hasn’t been what educators hoped. If more parents knew their children were behind academically, they might seek help.

Once Joseph and her advocate learned J. Ryan was so far behind in reading, they asked his school for small-group tutoring, an intervention believed by experts to be one of the most effective strategies for struggling students.

But they were told the school didn’t offer it. They moved him in November to another school that said it could give this help. J. Ryan says he likes the new school, since they’re learning more advanced long-division. “I like challenging math,” he said. But he isn’t understanding the texts he reads much better.

Joseph isn’t getting phone calls from the teacher complaining about his behavior, which she attributes to her son getting adequate treatment for his depression. But she hasn’t received a report card this year or the test scores the district says it’s now sending to families.

“I’m still concerned about his reading,” she said.

___

The Associated Press education team receives support from the Carnegie Corporation of New York. The AP is solely responsible for all content.For much of the Eastern United States, winter has been a bust. Snow totals are far below average from Boston to Philadelphia and warmer temperatures has often resulted in more spring like days than blizzard like conditions. (AP Video: Rodrique Ngowi)

For much of the Eastern United States, winter has been a bust. Snow totals are far below average from Boston to Philadelphia and warmer temperatures has often resulted in more spring like days than blizzard like conditions. (AP Video: Rodrique Ngowi)

BOSTON (AP) — Growing up in New England, Leah Ofsevit’s most cherished childhood memories were blanketed in snow. She remembers running barefoot outside with her brother at the first sign of it, building snowmen and ice castles most winters, strapping on skis as a toddler.

Ofsevit and her husband, Jeremy Garczynski, want to pass those traditions onto their children, 3-year-old Lewis and 8-month-old Asher. They were hoping this would be the year: Tiny skis were purchased for Lewis, and they planned to ski their favorite Massachusetts ski trails while dragging Asher behind them in a sled.

But three months into winter, with March arriving, their skis and sleds are mostly gathering dust. She doesn’t like it one bit.

“It’s not what I envisioned for my kids,” says Ofsevit, who was on her high school cross-country ski team and lives in Melrose, just outside Boston. “Its such a big part of being a kid in New England.”

ADVERTISEMENT

For much of the eastern United States, from Massachusetts all the way down to parts of West Virginia and into Ohio, winter has been a bust. While parts of the Midwest have been hit with repeated snow storms, much of California including Los Angeles got blanketed of late and even parts of the Southwest saw near-blizzard conditions , many East Coast cities have missed out.

Boston, known for nasty nor’easters and a blizzard last year that dumped nearly two feet of snow on the city, had seen just over 11 inches as of last week compared to an average of 38.6, according to data from the National Weather Service. Philadelphia has gotten only 0.3 inches compared to an average of 19.2. New York, which typically gets over two feet by now, has seen only 2.2 inches. Similar shortfalls have been seen in Providence, Pittsburgh, Washington, D.C. and parts of West Virginia.

There have been exceptions like Buffalo, which in November got walloped thanks to lake-effect storm, caused by cold air picking up moisture from warmer lakes. Yet, says David Robinson, a Rutgers University geography professor and the New Jersey state climatologist: “For the most part, it’s been a winterless winter.”

THE WHYS

A big reason for the lack of snow has been the warmer conditions , Robinson says — conditions driven in part by human-induced climate change. The northeast is among the fastest warming regions in the country.

ADVERTISEMENT

The region has seen plenty of precipitation, but often it has been too warm to snow. Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Rhode Island and Vermont all had their warmest January on record, while Indiana, New York and Pennsylvania their second warmest, according to the the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.

But other factors are at play.

La Niña, which involves a large-scale cooling of ocean surface temperatures , has led to unusual cool conditions in the eastern Pacific Ocean. As a result, the jet stream, which would bring colder conditions to the region, has kept that air closer to the Canadian border rather than dropping down into the northeast.

ADVERTISEMENT

The polar vortex, which spins like a whirling top above the North Pole, also remained strong through mid-January, which kept the colder air bottled up in Canada, according to Judah Cohen, who studies the relationship between the polar vortex and the weather and is the director of seasonal forecasting for Verisk AER.

This could become the new normal. The weather service analyzed snowfall totals back to 2019 in the contiguous United States and found the states whose totals are furthest off their average as of mid-February were on the East Coast.

For many who pride themselves on thriving in New England winters, the unusually warm conditions have been disorienting and downright depressing. Gone are the four seasons and the scenes many have long associated with winter — snow blanketing backyards, covering trees and piling up in mounds on street corners and in parking lots.

Instead, the landscape offers brown grass, muddy backyards and spring flowers blooming early.

“When I retired, I thought winter would be my joyful time because I will be able to ski when I want, be outdoors ... enjoy everything having to do with winter,” said Leah Ofsevit’s mother, Nancy Mazonson. “It’s not beautiful outside. ... It’s not mysterious. It’s just the same old same old without the magic of snow.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Caroline Nagy moved from New York City to Troy in upstate New York with her husband in hopes of catching colder and snowier winters. It hasn’t turned out as she expected. “A warm month is one thing,” says Nagy, “but a warm winter is scary.”

UNDERMINING ACTIVITIES

The warmer conditions have been especially hard on traditional winter sports.

Cross-country ski trails have not opened in many locations. Ice skaters have abandoned backyard ponds. Some ski resorts, especially those that rely on natural snow, have struggled to remain open. In Pennsylvania, Whitetail Resort has already closed for the season; in Cherry Creek, New York, Cockaigne Resort announced on its webpage that it was closing due to the warm temperatures and rain. And a popular 216-mile sled dog race in Michigan’s Upper Peninsula was cancelled due to unfavorable weather for the first time in its 33-year-history.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Wherever it was already thin, now it was turning to ice,” says Darlene Walch, president of the Upper Peninsula Sled Dog Association. “When the snow pack gets saturated, it will turn to concrete when it freezes. It’s not good for the dogs, and it’s hard for the mushers to control their sleds.”

Many lakes and ponds have not frozen over, including the Great Lakes, where less than 12% of the surface area was covered with ice as of early March, according to NOAA’s Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory in Ann Arbor, Michigan. The historical average for this time of year is closer to 40%.

As a result, ice fishing tournaments from Maine to Pennsylvania have been scrapped. Several people have fallen through the ice, including three fishermen who died in a week on Lake Champlain in Vermont.

The lack of winter’s symptoms has not been all bad. Spring-like conditions have been a boon to bicycle commuters. Golfers have been spotted on courses that, this time of year, typically host skiers. Tennis courts are bustling on warm days, and playgrounds are filled with children.

Cities like Boston, Philadelphia and New York are expected to save millions of dollars budgeted for snow removal. Connecticut’s 169 cities and towns traditionally use their entire snow budgets by the end of winter, but Kevin Maloney, spokesperson for the Connecticut Conference of Municipalities, says that this year, “the budgets have been virtually untouched.”

Robinson, the New Jersey climatologist, says snow isn’t going away anytime soon. “There’s no sign of any decline in the large events,” he says. “There’s beginning to be some evidence that we’re having fewer of the smaller events.”

Yet for the small businesses that plow parking lots and salt roads, it has been tough.

“I have never personally been through a winter like this,” says Jordan Kenyon, who is the co-owner of two snow management businesses in Mystic, Connecticut. Typically, they plan for 10 storms along the southeastern Connecticut shoreline and 15 inland events. This year, he says, his crews have been out only a handful of times to spread salt and plowed just once.

Despite this year’s snow-challenged winter, Kenyon says he’s not counting out the snow-removal part of his business.

“There’s always going to be snow at some point. And so, we don’t see changing the business model,” he says. “But we may have to make operational adjustments if we see this pattern continuing.”

___

Associated Press writers Susan Haigh in Hartford, John Flesher in Traverse City, Michigan, Maysoon Kahn in Albany, New York and Ron Todt in Philadelphia contributed to this report. Follow Michael Casey on Twitter at http://twitter.com/mcasey1A Starbucks sign advertises the company's Oleato coffee in one of their coffee shops in Milan, Italy, Monday, Feb. 27, 2023. Putting olive oil in coffee is hardly a tradition in Italy, but that didn't stop Starbucks founder and CEO Howard Schultz from launching a series of beverages doing just that in Milan, the city that inspired his coffee house empire. (AP Photo/Antonio Calanni)

A Starbucks sign advertises the company's Oleato coffee in one of their coffee shops in Milan, Italy, Monday, Feb. 27, 2023. Putting olive oil in coffee is hardly a tradition in Italy, but that didn't stop Starbucks founder and CEO Howard Schultz from launching a series of beverages doing just that in Milan, the city that inspired his coffee house empire. (AP Photo/Antonio Calanni)

MILAN (AP) — Putting olive oil in coffee is hardly a tradition in Italy, but that didn’t stop Starbucks interim CEO Howard Schultz from launching a series of beverages that do just that in Milan, the city that inspired his coffee house empire .

The coffee-olive oil concoction — echoing a keto-inspired trend of adding butter to coffee, only with a sugary twist — has provoked both amusement and curiosity among Italians.

Gambero Rosso, an Italian food and wine magazine, called the mixing of olive oil with coffee “a curious combination” but said it was reserving judgment, having not yet sampled the drinks.

It did praise featuring the staple of Italian kitchens as a main ingredient, not just a condiment. The magazine also noted the health benefits of consuming extra virgin olive oil, which some Italians do habitually straight from the bottle.

“Did we need coffee with extra virgin olive oil and syrups? Maybe yes, maybe no,” wrote the magazine’s Michela Becchi. But the chance to promote Italian excellence is a valuable one, she added.

ADVERTISEMENT

Italy’s olive oil producers’ association, ASSITOL, welcomed “the daring innovation,” saying the line of drinks could ”relaunch the image of olive oil, especially among young people.″ The association has been promoting adding olive oil to cocktails.

Martina Lunardi, a student of cultural mediation, was sticking to her standard cappuccino on a recent Starbucks visit but said she wasn’t offended by the olive oil combos and might even try one someday.

“Anyway, I know where to get a regular cup of coffee,” Lunardi said.

Schultz came up with the notion of adding olive oil to coffee after visiting an olive oil producer in Sicily and teased the idea as a game-changer in his last earnings call. He worked with an in-house coffee drink developer to come up with recipes, the international coffee chain said.

Schultz presided over the launch of “Oleato” — meaning “oiled” in Italian — last week on the eve of Milan Fashion Week , with a Lizzo performance for an invitation-only crowd at the company’s Milan Roastery. The beverages will be rolled out in Southern California this spring and in Japan, the Middle East and Britain later this year.

The La Stampa newspaper in Turin taste-tested four of the beverages, giving them marks of 6.5 to 7.5 on a scale of 10. It noted that the only warm beverage on the menu, a version of caffe latte, “has a strong taste that leaves a pleasant taste in the mouth. Grade: 7.”

ADVERTISEMENT

“The (positive) sensation is that Oleato could be something to drink all year, but most of all that it could be truly tasty in the summer,″ La Stampa said because most are served with ice.

Tourists who throng the Milan Roastery are enticed to give the drinks a try by placards around the store and a special menu insert advertising the five-drink assortment, which ranges from 5.50 euros to 14 euros ($5.85 to $14.85) for a martini version with vodka.

“It’s good,” said Benedicte Hagen, a Norwegian who recently moved to Milan to pursue a modeling career. “I’m not a big coffee fan, that’s why I like to try drinks like this.”

ADVERTISEMENT

She was sipping the Oleato Golden Foam Cold Brew, which includes vanilla bean syrup, and said she couldn’t really taste the oil. Still, she acknowledged asking the barista to add a shot of chocolate to make the drink even sweeter and would have added caramel if it had been available.

“It’s not so random,” Hagen decided.

Kaya Cupial’s Oleato Iced Cortado, meanwhile, was in a pretty V-shaped glass and garnished with an orange peel. It’s made with oat milk infused with olive oil, demerara syrup and a dash of orange bitters.

“It’s like normal coffee, but with orange. It’s not strong,” noted the 26-year-old from Warsaw, Poland, who was traveling with a group of friends. They also ordered the Golden Foam Cold Brew along with a pair of ordinary cappuccinos.

It is not the first time Italy has inspired Schultz. He acknowledges his debt to the Milan coffee bar, which he discovered during a trip to Italy in 1983, as his inspiration for building the now-global coffee chain.

ADVERTISEMENT

Schultz waited until 2018 to bring Starbucks to Italy, aware that he was treading sacred coffee ground. Italians typically take their coffee standing at a bar, chatting with friends or the barista for a few minutes, before continuing their day. It is not something to be nursed.

Since then, Starbucks has opened some 20 stores in northern and central Italy. The Milan Roastery is often packed, while other locations in the city have shifted in the wake of the pandemic.Store manager Josh Poole pours marijuana flowers onto a try at a Mango Cannabis medical marijuana dispensary, Monday, March 6, 2023, in Oklahoma City. Oklahoma voters will decide Tuesday whether to make the state one of the most conservative to green light cannabis use for adults. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

Store manager Josh Poole pours marijuana flowers onto a try at a Mango Cannabis medical marijuana dispensary, Monday, March 6, 2023, in Oklahoma City. Oklahoma voters will decide Tuesday whether to make the state one of the most conservative to green light cannabis use for adults. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — Oklahoma voters on Tuesday rejected the legalization of recreational marijuana, following a late blitz of opposition from faith leaders, law enforcement and prosecutors.

Oklahoma would have become the 22nd state to legalize adult use of cannabis and join conservative states like Montana and Missouri that have approved similar proposals in recent years. Many conservative states have also rejected the idea , including Arkansas, North Dakota and South Dakota last year.

Republican Gov. Kevin Stitt and many of the state’s GOP legislators, including nearly every Republican senator, opposed the idea. Former Republican Gov. Frank Keating, an ex-FBI agent, and Terri White, the former head of the Oklahoma Department of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services, led the “no” campaign.

“We’re pleased the voters have spoken,” said Pat McFerron, a Republican political strategist who ran the opposition campaign. “We think this sends a clear signal that voters are not happy with the recreational nature of our medicinal system. We also think it shows voters recognize the criminal aspects, as well as the need for addressing mental health needs of the state.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Oklahoma voters already approved medical marijuana in 2018 by 14 percentage points and the state has one of the most liberal programs in the country, with more than 2,800 licensed dispensaries and roughly 10% of the state’s adult population having a medical license to buy and consume cannabis.

On Tuesday’s legalization question, the “no” side was outspent more than 20-to-1, with supporters of the initiative spending more than $4.9 million, compared to about $219,000 against, last-minute campaign finance reports show.

State Question 820, the result of a signature gathering drive last year, was the only item on the statewide ballot, and early results showed heavy opposition in rural areas.

“Oklahoma is a law and order state,” Stitt said in a statement after Tuesday’s vote. “I remain committed to protecting Oklahomans and my administration will continue to hold bad actors accountable and crack down on illegal marijuana operations in our state.”

The proposal , if passed, would have allowed anyone over the age of 21 to purchase and possess up to 1 ounce of marijuana, plus concentrates and marijuana-infused products. Recreational sales would have been subjected to a 15% excise tax on top of the standard sales tax. The excise tax would be used to help fund local municipalities, the court system, public schools, substance abuse treatment and the state’s general revenue fund.

ADVERTISEMENT

The prospect of having more Oklahomans smoking anything, including marijuana, didn’t sit well with Mark Grossman, an attorney who voted against the proposal Tuesday at the Crown Heights Christian Church in Oklahoma City.

“I was a no vote because I’m against smoking,” Grossman said. “Tobacco smoking was a huge problem for my family.”

The low barriers for entry into Oklahoma’s medical marijuana industry has led to a flood of growers , processors and dispensary operators competing for a limited number of customers. Supporters had hoped the state’s marijuana industry would be buoyed by a rush of out-of-state customers , particularly from Texas, which has close to 8 million people in the Dallas-Fort Worth area just a little more than an hour drive from the Oklahoma border.

ADVERTISEMENT

Michelle Tilley, campaign director for Yes on 820, said despite Tuesday’s result, full marijuana legalization was inevitable. She noted that almost 400,000 Oklahomans already use marijuana legally and “many thousands more” use it illegally.

“A two-tiered system, where one group of Oklahomans is free to use this product and the other is treated like criminals does not make logical sense,” she said in a statement.

___

Follow Sean Murphy on Twitter: @apseanmurphyFILE - This general view shows Jehovah's Witnesses gathered for their annual convention at West Berlin's Sportpalast Hall, Germany, on Aug. 5, 1954. Several people were killed and injured late Thursday, March 9, 2023, after shots were fired inside a building where Jehovah’s Witnesses met in the northern German city of Hamburg, officials said. The international Christian denomination founded in the United States has a more than 100-year history in Germany. (AP Photo/Heinrich Sanden Jr., File)

FILE - This general view shows Jehovah's Witnesses gathered for their annual convention at West Berlin's Sportpalast Hall, Germany, on Aug. 5, 1954. Several people were killed and injured late Thursday, March 9, 2023, after shots were fired inside a building where Jehovah’s Witnesses met in the northern German city of Hamburg, officials said. The international Christian denomination founded in the United States has a more than 100-year history in Germany. (AP Photo/Heinrich Sanden Jr., File)

A gunman attacked a service held by his former congregation of Jehovah’s Witnesses at their worship hall on Thursday night , killing six people and injuring eight before taking his own life in the northern German city of Hamburg, officials said.

The international Christian denomination founded in the United States has a more than 100-year history in Germany. Today, about 170,000 members call the European country home, according to the denomination’s website.

The denomination itself dates back to the 19th century. It was founded by Charles Taze Russell, a minister from Pittsburgh. Now headquartered in Warwick, New York, it claims a worldwide membership of about 8.7 million. Members are known for their evangelistic efforts including knocking on doors and distributing literature in public squares.

Here is a quick look at the international denomination’s beliefs and their history in Germany:

ADVERTISEMENT

— In Germany, there are about 2,020 Jehovah’s Witness congregations and 170,491 ministers. One in 498 Germans practice the faith, according to the denomination’s website.

— Jehovah’s Witnesses do not call their place of worship a church, but “Kingdom Hall.” This is because they believe the Bible refers to worshippers -- not the building -- as the church. The building or hall where congregants meet to worship Jehovah (the God of the Bible and His Kingdom) is therefore known as “Kingdom Hall of Jehovah’s Witnesses.

— Jehovah’s Witnesses do not use the cross in worship because they believe the Bible indicates that Jesus did not die on a cross, but on a simple stake, and that the Bible “strongly warns Christians to flee from idolatry, which would mean not using the cross in worship,” the denomination’s website states.

— Each congregation is supervised by a body of elders. About 20 congregations make up a circuit and are occasionally visited by traveling elders known as circuit overseers.

— The Jehovah’s Witnesses practice strict church discipline, and those who are deemed to be unrepentant sinners may be “disfellowshipped,” or excommunicated.

— The denomination’s practices include a refusal to bear arms, salute a national flag or participate in secular politics, since they believe Jesus instructed them to remain politically neutral. At the same time, Jehovah’s Witnesses say they respect government as part of the “arrangement of God” and that it is their duty to obey secular laws as long as they don’t contradict the laws of God, according to denomination’s website.

ADVERTISEMENT

— On January 27, 2021, the German State Parliament commemorated the Jehovah’s Witnesses’ courageous stand against Nazi abuse. Because of the coronavirus pandemic, the ceremony was hosted online and was viewed by more than 37,000 people from Austria, Germany, the Netherlands and Switzerland.

— About 1,500 Jehovah’s Witnesses died during the Holocaust out of about 35,000 who lived in Germany and Nazi-occupied countries at the time. More than 1,000 died in prisons and concentration camps. Members of the faith were persecuted by the Nazi regime because they remained politically neutral. They also refused to sign a document renouncing their beliefs and disobeyed the regime’s orders by continuing to meet for worship, doing public ministry and showing kindness to Jewish people.

ADVERTISEMENT

— On Jan. 27, 2017, Jehovah’s Witnesses received the same legal status that is granted to major religions in Germany, which meant they are viewed as a single religious entity. Prior to gaining this status, their national headquarters in Germany and thousands of congregations in the country were considered independent religious associations.

— In the U.S., Jehovah’s Witnesses suspended door-knocking in the early days of the pandemic’s onset, just as much of the rest of society went into lockdown too. The organization also ended all public meetings at its 13,000 congregations nationwide and canceled 5,600 annual gatherings worldwide — an unprecedented move not taken even during the Spanish Flu pandemic in 1918, which killed 50 million people worldwide.

___

Associated Press religion coverage receives support through the AP’s collaboration with The Conversation US, with funding from Lilly Endowment Inc. The AP is solely responsible for this content.Student debt relief advocates gather outside the Supreme Court on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 2023, as the court hears arguments over President Joe Biden's student debt relief plan. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)

Student debt relief advocates gather outside the Supreme Court on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 2023, as the court hears arguments over President Joe Biden's student debt relief plan. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)

WASHINGTON (AP) — Conservative justices holding the Supreme Court’s majority seem ready to sink President Joe Biden’s plan to wipe away or reduce student loans held by millions of Americans.

In arguments lasting more than three hours Tuesday, Chief Justice John Roberts led his conservative colleagues in questioning the administration’s authority to broadly cancel federal student loans because of the COVID-19 emergency.

Loan payments that have been on hold since the start of the coronavirus pandemic three years ago are supposed to resume no later than this summer. Without the loan relief promised by the Biden plan, the administration’s top Supreme Court lawyer said, “delinquencies and defaults will surge.”

The plan has so far been blocked by Republican-appointed judges on lower courts. It did not appear to fare any better with the six justices appointed by Republican presidents.

ADVERTISEMENT

Biden’s only hope for being allowed to move forward appeared to be the slim possibility, based on the arguments, that the court would find that Republican-led states and individuals challenging the plan lacked the legal right to sue.

That would allow the court to dismiss the lawsuits at a threshold stage, without ruling on the basic idea of the loan forgiveness program that appeared to trouble the justices on the court’s right side.

Roberts was among the justices who grilled Solicitor General Elizabeth Prelogar and suggested that the administration had exceeded its authority.

Three times, the chief justice said the program would cost a half-trillion dollars, pointing to its wide impact and hefty expense as reasons the administration should have gotten explicit approval from Congress. The program, which the administration says is grounded in a 2003 law that was enacted in response to the military conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. is estimated to cost $400 billion over 30 years.

“If you’re talking about this in the abstract, I think most casual observers would say if you’re going to give up that much ... money, if you’re going to affect the obligations of that many Americans on a subject that’s of great controversy, they would think that’s something for Congress to act on,” Roberts said.

Justice Brett Kavanaugh suggested he agreed, saying it “seems problematic” for the administration to use an “old law” to unilaterally implement a debt relief program that Congress had declined to adopt.

Neither justice seemed swayed by Prelogar’s explanation that the administration was citing the national emergency created by the pandemic as authority for the debt relief program under a law commonly known as the HEROES Act.

“Some of the biggest mistakes in the court’s history were deferring to assertions of executive emergency power,” Kavanaugh said. “Some of the finest moments in the court’s history were pushing back against presidential assertions of emergency power.”

At another point, though, Kavanaugh suggested the program might be on firmer legal ground than other pandemic-related programs that were ended by the court’s conservative majority, including an eviction moratorium and a requirement for vaccines or frequent testing in large workplaces.

ADVERTISEMENT

Those earlier programs halted by the court were billed largely as public health measures intended to slow the spread of COVID-19. The loan forgiveness plan, by contrast, is aimed at countering the economic effects of the pandemic.

Prelogar and some of the liberal justices sought several times to turn the arguments back to the people who would benefit from the program. The administration says that 26 million people have applied to have up to $20,000 in federal student loans forgiven under the plan.

“The states ask this court to deny this vital relief to millions of Americans,” she said.

Justice Sonia Sotomayor said her fellow justices will be making a mistake if they take for themselves, instead of leaving it to education experts, “the right to decide how much aid to give” people who will struggle if the program is struck down.

“Their financial situation will be even worse because once you default, the hardship on you is exponentially greater. You can’t get credit. You’re going to pay higher prices for things,” Sotomayor said.

But Roberts pointed to evident favoritism.

He offered a hypothetical example of a person who passes up college to start a lawn service with borrowed money. “Nobody’s telling the person who is trying to set up the lawn service business that he doesn’t have to pay his loan,” Roberts said.

Republican-led states and lawmakers in Congress, as well as conservative legal interests, are lined up against the plan as a violation of Biden’s executive authority. Democratic-led states and liberal interest groups are backing the administration in urging the court to allow the plan to take effect.

The justices’ questions mirrored the partisan political divide over the issue, with conservatives arguing that non-college workers should not be penalized and liberals arguing for the break for the college educated.

Speaking on the eve of the arguments, Biden had said, “I’m confident the legal authority to carry that plan is there.”

The president, who once doubted his own authority to broadly cancel student debt, first announced the program in August. Legal challenges quickly followed .

The administration says the HEROES Act allows the secretary of education to waive or modify the terms of federal student loans in connection with a national emergency. The law was primarily intended to keep service members from being hurt financially while they fought in wars in Afghanistan and Iraq.

ADVERTISEMENT

Nebraska and other states that sued say the 20 million borrowers who would have their entire loans erased would get a “windfall” leaving them better off than before the pandemic.

“This is the creation of a brand new program, far beyond what Congress intended,” Nebraska Solicitor General James Campbell said in court Tuesday.

The national emergency is expected to end May 11, but the administration says the economic consequences will persist, despite historically low unemployment and other signs of economic strength.

In addition to the debate over the authority to forgive student debt, the court is confronting whether the states and two individuals whose challenge also is before the justices have the legal right, or standing, to sue.

Parties generally have to show that they would suffer financial harm in order to have standing in cases such as this. A federal judge initially found that the states would not be harmed and dismissed their lawsuit before an appellate panel said the case could proceed .

Justice Amy Coney Barrett joined the three liberal justices in repeatedly questioning Nebraska’s Campbell on that issue. But it would take at least one other conservative vote to form a majority.

Of the two individuals who sued in Texas , one has student loans that are commercially held and the other is eligible for $10,000 in debt relief, not the $20,000 maximum. They would get nothing if they win their case.

Among those in the courtroom Tuesday was Kayla Smith, a recent graduate of the University of Georgia, who camped out near the court the night before in order to get a seat. Biden’s plan would lift a burden for her mother, who borrowed more than $20,000 in federal student loans to help Smith attend college.

“It just seems kind of messed up that college is the expectation, higher education is the expectation, but then at the same time, people’s lives are being ruined,” said Smith, 22, who lives in Atlanta.

The arguments are available on the AP YouTube channel or on the court’s website .

A decision is expected by late June.

___

Associated Press writer Collin Binkley contributed to this report.Nina Oiki, a gender and politics researcher at Tokyo's Waseda University, poses for a photo with some of her favorite "One Piece" anime character goods in Tokyo, Sunday, March 5, 2023. Oiki has been a "One Piece" fan since she was in elementary school. Hit Japanese manga “One Piece” is coming to Netflix as a live-action series, a development that's both exciting and worrisome for fans who have seen mixed success in a growing list of Hollywood adaptations. (AP Photo/Hiro Komae)

Nina Oiki, a gender and politics researcher at Tokyo's Waseda University, poses for a photo with some of her favorite "One Piece" anime character goods in Tokyo, Sunday, March 5, 2023. Oiki has been a "One Piece" fan since she was in elementary school. Hit Japanese manga “One Piece” is coming to Netflix as a live-action series, a development that's both exciting and worrisome for fans who have seen mixed success in a growing list of Hollywood adaptations. (AP Photo/Hiro Komae)

TOKYO (AP) — Hit Japanese manga “One Piece” is coming to Netflix as a live-action series — a development that’s both exciting and worrisome for fans who have seen mixed success in a growing list of Hollywood adaptations.

Chronicling the coming-of-age adventures of Monkey D. Luffy, a young pirate with a heart of gold, the world’s bestselling manga series has already been adapted into an anime TV series with over 900 episodes. There are also 13 animated movies, “One Piece” video games and merchandise galore.

Ready to give her verdict is Nina Oiki, a gender and politics researcher at Tokyo’s Waseda University who has been a “One Piece” fan since she was in elementary school. She read the manga created by Eiichiro Oda when it first came out in Shonen Jump magazine in 1997, and watched the animated show that followed shortly after.

“I know some people are worried about what might happen with the Hollywood remake,” she said, noting how past American attempts at depicting Japanese comics and animated works have at times proved disappointing.

ADVERTISEMENT

The 2017 Netflix movie adaptation of “Death Note,” a manga and anime about a book that can kill people, was widely critiqued as a flop. In December 2021, Netflix canceled “Cowboy Bebop,” its live-action adaptation of the space Western manga and anime of the same name, after just one season.

The cross-pollination of Hollywood and Japan goes back for decades. References to Japan, such as the image of a geisha on a screen, are plentiful in the 1982 sci-fi movie “Blade Runner,” directed by Ridley Scott.

The film, in turn, influenced anime, including the “Blade Runner: Black Lotus” anime that first aired in 2021.

Japanese pop culture expert Roland Kelts says it’s a “stunning moment for anime,” in part due to streaming on platforms like Netflix, which has helped make entertainment borderless.

Live-action “One Piece,” expected later this year, comes on the heels of the global success of “Demon Slayer,” another manga that got its start in Shonen Jump and was adapted into a movie and an anime series that was picked up by Netflix.

In February, The Pokémon Company announced “Pokémon Concierge,” a stop-motion anime collaboration with Netflix. Pokémon is the world’s most valuable media franchise with estimated all-time sales of $100 billion, according to a 2021 Statista report . Followed by Hello Kitty, the two Japanese products outrank Western offerings like Mickey Mouse, Winnie the Pooh and Star Wars. Hollywood live-action adaptations of other popular Japanese products — from Makoto Shinkai’s 2016 body-swap anime “Your Name” to the “Gundam” franchise of giant robots that started in 1979 — are also in progress.

ADVERTISEMENT

Anime has a low production cost compared to live-action films, and computer-generated heroes don’t get sick or injured or make offensive remarks offscreen like real-life actors sometimes do, making it a marketable medium, said Kelts, author of “Japanamerica,” which documents Japanese pop culture’s influence in the United States.

ADVERTISEMENT

“They are stylized and stateless characters. What I mean by that is that anime characters travel globally very, very well,” Kelts said. “The human celebrities don’t always travel so well.”

Established bestsellers offer the advantage of a built-in fanbase, but they also come with strict scrutiny. Some, like “Ghost in the Shell,” have been criticized for “whitewashing” the Asian original. The 1995 animated movie was made into a Hollywood live-action in 2017 amid complaints about casting white American actor Scarlett Johansson as the main character — though Asia largely stayed out of the debate .

Live-action “One Piece” will star Mexican actor Iñaki Godoy (“The Imperfects”) as Luffy — whose nationality is canonically a mystery — alongside American actor Emily Rudd (“The Romanoffs”) as Nami and Japanese-American actor Mackenyu (“Fullmetal Alchemist: Revenge of Scar,” “Fullmetal Alchemist: Final Transmutation”) as Roronoa Zoro.

The main character’s inclusive persona, drawing more and more companions to join his quest throughout the story, highlights the kind of school, office or workplace environment people crave in modern-day society, fan Oiki said.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Luffy is that leader we all want,” she said. “Luffy is a hero but not an extraordinary hero. He is one of us. He wants to be king of the pirates, but not so he can rule, but so everyone can be free.”

___

Yuri Kageyama is on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyamaSmall and medium business traders and other demonstrators carry banners as they protest asking the government to chase Chinese traders away, in Nairobi, Kenya, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 2023. The traders carried banners with Anti-Chinese messages and chanted 'Chinese must go', claiming Chinese businesspeople have flooded the city with counterfeit and cheap products, killing Kenyan businesses. (AP Photo)

Small and medium business traders and other demonstrators carry banners as they protest asking the government to chase Chinese traders away, in Nairobi, Kenya, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 2023. The traders carried banners with Anti-Chinese messages and chanted 'Chinese must go', claiming Chinese businesspeople have flooded the city with counterfeit and cheap products, killing Kenyan businesses. (AP Photo)

NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — Hundreds of Kenyan traders protested Tuesday in the capital, Nairobi, over a popular new Chinese-affiliated shop selling goods they say undercut their businesses. But some people pinched by inflation accused the locals of offering the same goods at higher prices.

There have been tensions from time to time in Kenya, East Africa’s economic hub, over China-linked investments and business dealings. The latest incident involving the China Square store drew opposing statements from members of President William Ruto’s Cabinet.

The trade and investment minister, Moses Kuria, said last week that Chinese investors are welcomed but as manufacturers, not traders. He also wanted the store’s lease bought out and given to local traders.

But Kenya’s foreign affairs permanent secretary, Korir Sing’oei, sought to reassure all investors, “no matter their nationality” — a sentiment welcomed in a tweet by China’s top diplomat for African affairs, Wu Peng. The diplomat added that back home, “international supermarkets, chain stores can be seen everywhere in China and we welcome more to come.”

ADVERTISEMENT

The China Square store, meanwhile, has said it will close “until further notice.” One of the owners, Lei Cheng, told local media that he believed the pressure was political.

The store’s closure has been debated by Kenyans who have been stung by high inflation hitting worldwide after the pandemic and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.

“In short, (Lei) is being fought for lowering the cost of living,” comedian Felix Omondi tweeted.

Kenya ranks among the world’s most corrupt countries, listed 123rd among 180 nations in Transparency International’s 2022 Corruption Perceptions Index.Baseball fans in Tokyo shared their excitement on Thursday about Japanese player Shohei Ohtani preparing to play in the World Baseball Classic. (March 9)

Baseball fans in Tokyo shared their excitement on Thursday about Japanese player Shohei Ohtani preparing to play in the World Baseball Classic. (March 9)

TOKYO (AP) — He’d paid about $80 for his ticket. He wore a Japan cap above a blue Los Angeles Angels jersey. And as he enthused about the sensation that is Shohei Ohtani, baseball fan Hotaru Shiromizo was talking about far more than sports.

Shiromizu, 23, was part of the quilt of thousands of colorfully dressed fans outside the Tokyo Dome on Thursday afternoon. They paced, they camped out, and they discussed their hopes of seeing Ohtani pitch — and hit — against China in Japan’s opening game in the World Baseball Classic.

“He’s a legendary player, but he’s more than just a good player,” Shiromizu said, using his translator app to help clarify a few thoughts in English. “His aspirations — his achievements — have had a positive influence on all Japanese people.”

He added: “All the kids want to be like Ohtani.”

These days, Japanese culture and politics feel more tenuous than a few decades ago. The economy is stagnant. The birthrate is among the world’s lowest. A former prime minister was assassinated a few months ago on the street. And despite the “Cool Japan” image abroad, the nation faces uncertainty on many fronts, a corruption scandal surrounding the pandemic-delayed 2020 Tokyo Olympics, and a giant Asian rival in neighboring China.

ADVERTISEMENT

For many, Ohtani is the antidote.

PART OF AN EVOLUTION

He does things modern players don’t do. He’s a throwback who pitches, bats and can play in the field. Many call him the finest player in the major leagues. If that’s the case, then he’s better than Americans — Latin Americans, too — at what they consider their own game.

He’s the culmination — so far, at least — of an evolution in Japanese baseball that began when the game was introduced to the country in 1872 by an American professor. And his fame has now surpassed that of players like Ichiro Suzuki and Hideo Nomo, who came before him.

One of them could hit really well. One could pitch the same way. But Ohtani? He does both, and with more power — on the pitcher’s mound and at bat — than either Ichiro or Nomo.

“I suppose the idolization of Ohtani in Japan reflects its own inferiority complex vis a vis the fatherland of baseball that is the U.S.,” said Koichi Nakano, who teaches politics and culture in Tokyo at Sophia University.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Baseball is so major here, but it has long been said that Japanese baseball, called yakyu, is different from `real’ baseball in America. Books have been written and published on the topic,” Nakano said. “So each time where there is a Japanese `export’ that was hugely successful in MLB, the Japanese are enthralled.”

The wait to see Ohtani play again in Japan is also driving the buzz around him — and the sellouts at the Tokyo Dome.

It had been almost 2,000 days since Ohtani played his last inning in Japan on Oct. 9, 2017, for the Nippon Ham-Fighters before leaving for California. That appearance drought ended in a practice game on Monday when Ohtani hit a pair of three-run homers off the Hanshin Tigers.

Keiichiro Shiotsuka, a businessman waiting outside the stadium, called Ohtani “a treasure of Japan.”

ADVERTISEMENT

“I don’t know if such a player like him will ever exist in the future, so I’m happy he’s now playing in Japan,” he said.

TALENT AND CHARACTER

Atop all the talent, Ohtani has a sterling reputation. No scandals. No tabloid stories about his social life. He’s overflowing with $20 million in endorsements, more than any other major leaguer. And he could sign the largest contract in baseball history — the number $500 million has been kicked around — when he becomes a free agent after this season.

“He is very authentic,” said Masako Yamamoto, standing in a ticket line outside the Tokyo Dome with her 12-year-old son Shutaro and other family members. Facing her was a pulsating billboard with Ohtani’s image flashing.

“As a human, he’s polite and very charming and good to people,” she said. “He’s special. His personality is so even. He seems to make the atmosphere.”

Ohtani came out of Japan’s regimented baseball system at Hanamaki Higashi High School in largely rural Iwate prefecture in northeastern Japan. Blue Jays pitcher Yusei Kikuchi attended the same high school a few years earlier. The military-like system has its critics, but Ohtani is making it look good.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Ohtani was raised in this Japanese, martial arts-inspired training system where you join a baseball team and you play year-round,” Robert Whiting, who has written several books on Japanese baseball and lived here off and on for 60 years, said in an interview last year with The Associated Press.

“Ichiro, in his first year in high school was probably the best player on the team, but he couldn’t play. He had to do the laundry and cook the meals. He’d get up in the middle of night and practice his swing,” Whiting said. “The same thing with Ohtani. He was cleaning toilets in high school during his first year.”

Ohtani is the polar opposite of Ichiro, who had an edge. The Japanese phrase “deru kugi wa utareru’” captures Ichiro: “The nail that sticks up gets hammered down.”

In explaining how baseball took root in Japan, Whiting and others have pointed to the importance of a game in 1896 in Yokohama between Japanese and Americans. Japan won 29-4, and many of the players were from Samurai families.

ADVERTISEMENT

The result was front-page news in Japan. The victory is thought to have given Japan confidence as it was modernizing, coming out of centuries of isolation, and showed it could compete against the industrially advanced West.

On Thursday night, so many years later, Japan got itself more front-page baseball news. Ohtani allowed one hit in the four innings he pitched and struck out five, ending up as the winning pitcher in an 8-1 Japan victory. He also doubled off the left field wall in the fourth to score two. So fans like Shiromizu got what they came for -- Ohtani pitching, hitting and not disappointing the 41,616 who showed up.

“Ohtani is the latest of these idols, but he might be even bigger than any before him,” said Nakano, the political scientist. He noted that only Ohtani hits and pitches both — just like the old-timers used to, which gives him a unique profile. “He is ‘Made in Japan,’ but more real now than America players.”

___

Video journalist Koji Ueda contributed to this report. Follow Japan-based AP sports writer Stephen Wade on Twitter at http://twitter.com/StephenWadeAP

___

AP MLB coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsThis photo provided by the Consumer Product Safety Commission shows YETI Hopper M20 Soft Backpack Cooler. U.S. product regulators said Thursday, March 9, 2023, that Yeti has recalled 1.9 million coolers and gear cases because magnets can come detached from them, posing a risk of serious injury or death. The Consumer Product Safety Commission said consumers should immediately stop using the four recalled products and contact Yeti for refund information. (Consumer Product Safety Commission via AP)

This photo provided by the Consumer Product Safety Commission shows YETI Hopper M20 Soft Backpack Cooler. U.S. product regulators said Thursday, March 9, 2023, that Yeti has recalled 1.9 million coolers and gear cases because magnets can come detached from them, posing a risk of serious injury or death. The Consumer Product Safety Commission said consumers should immediately stop using the four recalled products and contact Yeti for refund information. (Consumer Product Safety Commission via AP)

U.S. product regulators said Thursday that Yeti has recalled 1.9 million coolers and gear cases because magnets can come detached from them, posing a risk of serious injury or death.

The Consumer Product Safety Commission said consumers should immediately stop using the four recalled products and contact Yeti for refund information.

The closures on the recalled products can fail, resulting in detached magnets, the CPSC said. If swallowed, two or more high-powered magnets can attract to each other or to another metal object and get stuck in the digestive system. The CPSC said if that happens, it can cause perforations, twisting and blockage of the intestines, potentially resulting in infection, blood poisoning and death.

The products being recalled are the Sidekick dry gear case, M20 soft backpack cooler and M30 soft cooler, version 1.0 and 2.0.

The coolers and gear bags were sold at Dick’s Sporting Goods, Ace Hardware, Academy Sports and Outdoors, Yeti and other stores, including Amazon, from March 2018 to January 2023. The gear case sells for about $50 and the coolers for between $300 and $350.

ADVERTISEMENT

The firm has received 1,399 reports of the magnet-lined closures degrading or failing, including reports of missing or detached magnets. No magnet ingestions or injuries have been reported.

Consumers can contact Yeti toll-free at 833-444-3151 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Sunday. The Austin, Texas company can also be contact by email at productrecall (at) yeti.com or online at https://stg.yeti.com/M20-M30-sidekick-product-recall.html or at www.yeti.com. Consumers should click on “Product Recall” at the bottom of the page for details.

More than 40,000 of the recalled products were sold in Canada.

Shares in Yeti were down about 1.5% in midday trading Thursday.A model wears a creation as part of the Elie Saab Fall/Winter 2023-2024 ready-to-wear collection presented Saturday, March 4, 2023 in Paris. (Vianney Le Caer/Invision/AP)

A model wears a creation as part of the Elie Saab Fall/Winter 2023-2024 ready-to-wear collection presented Saturday, March 4, 2023 in Paris. (Vianney Le Caer/Invision/AP)

PARIS (AP) — The dull Paris weather did not dim the power of the French capital’s ready-to-wear shows continued Saturday, vibrantly spanning the restrained colors of minimalism to Renaissance exuberance.

Meanwhile, stars paid tribute to Vivienne Westwood at the house’s first Paris show since the British fashion icon’s death in December.

Here are some highlights of Paris Fashion Week fall-winter 2023-2024 collections:

ELIE SAAB SAYS IT WITH FLOWERS

Singers Ciara and Avril Lavigne negotiated crowds and slippery stone steps to get to the Palais de Tokyo, the venue for Elie Saab’s show. Inside, the Lebanese designer presented an ode to the bouquets of the Renaissance, with flowers blooming from every nook, cranny, seam and hem.

Tailored looks featured blossoming hydrangea embroidery above flared 1970s-style pants, as well as brooding dark prints in ruby and flashes of dazzling citrine.

ADVERTISEMENT

The collection crescendoed passionately into the evening with Saab’s bread-and-butter va-va-voom silhouettes. Sheer mermaid gowns and dresses with sinuous three-dimensional florets glimmered with paillettes and tulle.

The best looks were figurative, such as a Asiatic pleated cummerbund that fanned out dramatically like opening petals.

STARS PAY TRIBUTE TO VIVIENNE WESTWOOD Saturday saw the first Paris show for Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood since the British fashion icon died in December, aged 81 – attracting the great and the good of the industry. (Kronthaler is Westwood’s widower and for years has been her fashion house’s creative heir.)

Speaking to Associated Press, front row guest Jared Leto called her death “heartbreaking,” saying that he was inspired by her spirit as a kid. “She was such a maverick and an iconoclast -- in the best sense of those words.” The actor and musician added: “Anybody that’s ever put a safety pin in a shirt owes her a debt for encouraging us to think differently!”

Jean Paul Gaultier called her “the queen of English fashion.” “What she is, she put it in the clothes -- and you could see her. You could see her impertinence, her rebellion and her way of playing with the structure of the clothes.” He added “I truly love her.”

Georgia May Jagger, model and daughter of rock legend Mick Jagger, called Westwood “a revolutionary.” Jagger also noted the British designer’s activism: “She made her fight for climate change at the forefront of her fashion. She’s a complete intellectual, someone that read a lot... that really educated everyone around her.”

ADVERTISEMENT

HERMES’ FASHION AS CAMOUFLAGE

Hermes creative director Nadege Vanhee-Cybulski made a simple, but powerful, proposition for fall – creating each look in the same shade of color so it seemed to melt into itself, like camouflage.

“Just as a second skin exists beneath the surface of a tree, a bark like fabric, there is a dialogue constantly taking shape between materials, between colors, between details,” the fashion house said, poetically.

The one-color concept created a minimalist feeling even when the looks featured layering and details, such as long duffel-style coats in double-sided cashmere, zip-up coats in shiny lambskin, embroidery, belts, buckles and straps.

ADVERTISEMENT

The first look, a loose textured double skirt dress, came in cognac red. It sported a hat reminiscent of equestrians styles – unsurprising given the house’s close association with show jumping.

The monochromatic musing continued throughout amid textural tensions – such as one sheeny red silk pleated skirt that contrasted chicly with the accompanying long suede boots.

COPERNI’S CANINE TALE

How to match Bella Hadid’s spray-on dress that became an instant viral hit last season and raised the brand profile?

Coperni designers Sebastien Meyer and Arnaud Vaillant went to the canine world for help — that is, the curious world of robo-dogs. Five Boston Dynamics cyber dogs each called Spot were the stars of the show, posing in various yoga positions for the Instagram-friendly snaps fashion insiders relish.

The tech and canine theme continued in the designs, which were predominantly made from recycled materials and were inspired by versions of “The Wolf and the Lamb,” a famous French fable.

ADVERTISEMENT

The tale was retold as paintings on leather jackets. Sheaths were slashed as if clawed by a predator. Enveloping shawls were a take on “Little Red Riding Hood.” Fabulous feathered mini dresses looked like the wolf had raided the chicken pen.

A shaggy floor-length coat looked like the wolf had been skinned and given the Cruella de Vil treatment.

JAPAN’S FASHION FORWARD HEIR

Junya Watanabe, the protege of Comme des Garcons designer Rei Kawakubo, was in fine fashion forward form Saturday, continuing with his often-referenced theme of “Monozukuri.” It means “making of things” in Japanese and has now come to mean innovations in fashion production and using technology to make materials.

For fall, the talented Japanese designer went full-on utilitarian for a dark and aggressive display that used toggles, armor-like padded coats, ninja mouth coverings and black head gear that evoked the garb of combative sports such as fencing.

ADVERTISEMENT

Braided hair was wrapped around the head and face like protection for a dramatic effect on the mistily lit runway.

Flashes of swirling color, including neon blue, nicely fused the themes of cycling and combat, while structured black leather coats with eyelets, straps, buckles and zippers merged biker gear with traditional Asian dress.Wendy Freeman, an artist, writes poem at the Other Place theater, in Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire, England, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 2023. The foyer of the Other Place theater in Shakespeare's birthplace of Stratford-upon-Avon is a cozy refuge from winter. One day a week the theater becomes a "warm hub," set up by the Royal Shakespeare Company to welcome people who may be struggling to heat their homes because of sky-high energy prices. (AP Photo/Kin Cheung)

Wendy Freeman, an artist, writes poem at the Other Place theater, in Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire, England, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 2023. The foyer of the Other Place theater in Shakespeare's birthplace of Stratford-upon-Avon is a cozy refuge from winter. One day a week the theater becomes a "warm hub," set up by the Royal Shakespeare Company to welcome people who may be struggling to heat their homes because of sky-high energy prices. (AP Photo/Kin Cheung)

STRATFORD-UPON-AVON, England (AP) — On a blustery late-winter day in Shakespeare’s birthplace, the foyer of the Other Place theater is a cozy refuge. Visitors are having meetings over coffee, checking emails, writing poetry, learning to sew.

It looks and feels like an arty café in the pictureque streets of Stratford-upon-Avon, but it’s a “warm hub” set up by the Royal Shakespeare Company drama troupe to welcome people struggling to heat their homes because of sky-high energy prices.

Warm hubs have sprouted across Britain by the thousands this winter as soaring food and energy prices drive millions to turn down the thermostat or skimp on hot meals. Research by the opposition Labour Party counted almost 13,000 such hubs, funded by a mix of charities, community groups and the government and nestled in libraries, churches, community centers and even a tearoom at King Charles III’s Highgrove country estate.

ADVERTISEMENT

Wendy Freeman, an artist, writer and seventh-generation Stratfordian, heard about the RSC’s warm hub from a friend. She lives in “a tiny house with no central heating” and relies on a coal fire for warmth. Like many, she has cut back in response to the cost-of-living crisis driven by the highest inflation since the 1980s.

“You just adapt,” said Freeman, 69, who was using the center as a warm, quiet place to work on a poem. “Little things, like putting less water in the kettle. I was brought up with ‘save the pennies, and the pounds will look after themselves.’ I always cook from scratch and eat what’s in season.

“But it’s nice to go somewhere warm,” she added.

A perfect storm of Russia’s war in Ukraine , lingering pandemic disruption and economic aftershocks of Brexit is putting more people in Britain under financial strain. Households and businesses were hit especially hard after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine drove up the cost of natural gas needed for heating and helped push the U.K. to the precipice of a recession.

The U.K.’s annual inflation rate was just above 10% in January, with food prices up almost 17% over the year. Some 62% of adults are using less natural gas or electricity to save money, according to the Office for National Statistics. A quarter of households regularly run out of money for essentials, pollster Survation found.

ADVERTISEMENT

Though oil and natural gas prices have fallen from last year’s peaks, the average British household energy bill is still double what it was a year ago. Costs for many are due to rise by another 20% on April 1 when a government-set price cap goes up .

Anne Bolger, a retired math teacher, happened across the warm hub during a walk one day and has come back every week since. She drops in to check emails, prep for math tutoring or do a jigsaw puzzle.

“Today’s the day that I’m appreciating it, because home is freezing,” she said.

The hub runs one afternoon a week in the smallest of the RSC’s three theaters. On Tuesday, the space held a mixture of theater staff, actors on the way to rehearsals and visitors looking to get warm. Organizers provide puzzles, games, toys for children, free tea, coffee and Wi-Fi — even a sewing table.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I like the fact that it’s such a creative space,” said Bolger, 66. “People are having meetings there, they’re talking, they’re working. I just feel a bit more alive than sitting at home, a bit more connected.”

That’s just what organizers want to hear. They say warm hubs exist to ease loneliness as well as energy poverty .

“The warmth is in the welcome as much as a warm building to come to,” said Nicola Salmon, who oversees the hub as the RSC’s creative place-making manager. “There is always somebody here to chat to.”

Stratford, about 100 miles (160 kilometers) northwest of London, is a prosperous town that makes a good living from William Shakespeare, its most famous son. Even on a wintry weekday, tourists traipse though streets of half-timbered Tudor buildings to see the house where the Bard was born, visit the schoolroom where he studied and stand over his grave in the medieval Holy Trinity Church.

ADVERTISEMENT

The RSC is one of Stratford’s main cultural attractions and major employers. Salmon says the warm hub is part of the company’s efforts to get closer to its surrounding community, a town that “is often perceived as affluent and well-off” but contains “areas of great deprivation.”

Like Britain’s food banks — now numbering an estimated 2,500 — warm hubs are a crisis measure showing signs of becoming permanent.

The Warwickshire Rural Community Council, a charity covering the county around Stratford, set up a mobile warm hub — a minibus-turned-pop-up outdoor café — in 2021 as pandemic restrictions plunged many rural residents into isolation.

A year ago, the charity ran five hubs across the county, with backing from Cadent, the private company that distributes much of Britain’s heating gas. As winter hit and energy bills soared , the number mushroomed to 90, providing everything from meals to repair workshops and slow-cooking courses meant to reduce gas use.

About 30 of the hubs will stay open this summer — with a view to becoming permanent — and the mobile hub will be on the road five days a week.

ADVERTISEMENT

“People say we shouldn’t be in this situation, and we shouldn’t be,” said Jackie Holcroft, the charity’s warm hubs manager. “But we are. And I think one of the most amazing things is that you’ve got hundreds, thousands of volunteers around Warwickshire and they’re all coming together to make a difference.”

The RSC’s warm space will close at the end of March, but the company is already planning for its return next year.

“I’ll miss it like crazy,” said Bolger, one of the regulars. “I’m not hoping that the fuel crisis goes on forever, but I am hoping this place will stay open.”Chilean circus has fought LGBTQ discrimination for 54 years

SANTIAGO, Chile (AP) — The transformation begins as night falls on this semi-desert esplanade on the outskirts of Chile’s capital, with Arturo, Alejandro and René applying makeup and donning wigs, feathers and sequins to become “Verónica Power,” “Alexandra” and “The Crazy Purse Woman.”

The characters are classics of the Timoteo Circus, a show that has fought prejudice and discrimination against Chile’s LGBTQ community for more than a half century, even through a military dictatorship, in a country known for its devout Catholicism.

“Alexandra” – played by 65-year-old Alejandro Pavés – recalled life for the performers under the regime of Gen. Augusto Pinochet, which governed the South American country from 1973 to 1990.

ADVERTISEMENT

“It was terrible to work under the dictatorship … there was a lot of hatred for gays in Chile at that time,” Pavés told The Associated Press, recalling the number of times he had been arrested, insulted and mistreated.

“The police would arrive and take us prisoner and if they found you dressed as a woman they would give you a sodomy” charge, which would mark you for the rest of your life, Pavés said. “The owners had to hide us.”

Although it is called a circus, it is more of a sexual diversity show with humor, song and dance under a big top, and has 30 employees. At its peaks it had up to 70. The Timoteo Circus is one of the best known of Chile’s 120 circuses.

“All Chileans know Circo Timoteo, it’s like an institution,” said Stéfano Rubio, a conductor and administrative manager of the circus.

ADVERTISEMENT

The show began in 1968 when one of the circus’ female dancers was absent for a performance. Its founder, René Valdés, had one of the male performers dress as a woman and replace her on stage. The performance was so popular the dancer did five curtain calls to receive applause. The transformation circus was born and has been committed to sexual diversity ever since.

Arturo Peña, who plays “The Crazy Purse Lady,” said that during the dictatorship the performers used to receive kicks and blows for their appearance, and the idea of carrying a purse in her act was to use in self-defense.

(AP Video/Alexandre Plaza)

Pavés, who comes from a family with a strong military and religious tradition, hid his sexual identity from his family until a television program revealed what he did.

His family eventually accepted him but he says there always was the “shame of having a gay son, uncle or cousin.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Now, he cannot see himself having any other job than the Timoteo Circus, and that when he dies he wants his funeral to be held under the circus’ big top.

“Today I work with more security, they accept me more” and the public understands the message better, he said.

ADVERTISEMENTFILE - Boxes containing Yeezy shoes made by Adidas are seen at Laced Up, a sneaker resale store, in Paramus, N.J., Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2022. Adidas’ breakup with rapper Kanye West and the inability to sell his popular Yeezy line of shoes helped batter the company’s earnings at the end of last year. The German shoe and sportswear maker said Wednesday, March 8, 2023, that higher supply costs and slumping revenue in China also helped lead to a net loss of 513 million euros or $540 million in the fourth quarter. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File)

FILE - Boxes containing Yeezy shoes made by Adidas are seen at Laced Up, a sneaker resale store, in Paramus, N.J., Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2022. Adidas’ breakup with rapper Kanye West and the inability to sell his popular Yeezy line of shoes helped batter the company’s earnings at the end of last year. The German shoe and sportswear maker said Wednesday, March 8, 2023, that higher supply costs and slumping revenue in China also helped lead to a net loss of 513 million euros or $540 million in the fourth quarter. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File)

FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — Adidas is still wrestling with how to dispose of 1.2 billion euros ($1.3 billion) worth of Yeezy shoes after its breakup with the rapper formerly known as Kanye West , forcing the German sportswear maker into a big loss at the end of last year and expectations of more pain ahead.

CEO Bjorn Gulden said selling the popular line of shoes would mean paying royalties to Ye, who was dropped by Adidas five months ago after making antisemitic remarks on social media and in interviews. During an earnings call Wednesday, he pointed to “many variables” about what to do with the shoes now stacked in warehouses.

Destroying them could “raise sustainability issues,” though some companies have offered recycling solutions, said Gulden, who was named CEO after the blowup over Ye’s remarks . Restitching them to hide the Yeezy brand so they could be sold “is not very honest, so it’s not an option,” he added.

ADVERTISEMENT

Suggestions to give them away to those in need in places like earthquake-hit Syria or Turkey would mean the product would “come back again very quickly” due to its high market value, “so that’s not really an option,” Gulden said.

If Adidas does decide to sell the shoes, “I can promise you that the people that have been hurt by this will also get something good out of it and get donations and proceeds in different ways, shapes or forms,” the CEO said.

Adidas split with Ye in October, following other brands that were facing pressure to end ties with the rapper over his antisemitic and other offensive remarks. The company is now struggling to find ways to become profitable again and replace its banner Yeezy line, which analysts have said amounted to as much as 15% of its net income.

The Ye breakup cost 600 million euros in lost sales in the last three months of 2022, helping drive the company to a net loss of 513 million euros. The decline, also attributed to higher supply costs and slumping revenue in China, contrasts with profit of 213 million euros in the fourth quarter of 2021.

More losses could be ahead, with the company forecasting a 500 million-euro hit to profit earnings this year if it decides not to repurpose the remaining Yeezy products in stock. The company is predicting a 2023 operating loss of 700 million euros.

ADVERTISEMENT

Gulden said “so many companies” were willing to buy the popular shoes but that would mean paying royalties to Ye. Rumors that the company was in talks to sell them, however, “are not true.”

He had heard from “gazillions of people that have opinions about this, and of course when you’re sitting on the inside, it looks a little bit different than it looks on the outside.”

Gulden also said Adidas is still investigating former employees’ allegations that Ye created a toxic work environment and that the sportswear company knew about his problematic behavior and failed to protect workers.

The CEO called 2023 “a transition year,” saying “we can then start to build a profitable business again in 2024.”

Last year, fourth-quarter net sales were up a bare 1.3% at 5.21 billion euros from the same quarter a year ago. The company pointed to revenue dropping 50% in China and higher costs for supplies and shipping, which could not be offset by price hikes.

ADVERTISEMENT

For the full year, the Herzogenaurach, Germany-based company said it made a net profit of 638 million euros on sales that rose 6%, to 22.5 billion euros.

Adidas also further shook up its leadership by replacing its top sales and marketing executives. Global sales head Roland Auschel will leave the company after 33 years and be succeeded by Arthur Hoeld, now head of the Europe, Middle East and Africa region.

Brian Grevy, head of global brands, will step down March 31. CEO Gulden will take on his product and marketing responsibilities.The Lenten fish fry is a popular tradition in many Catholic communities. In Pittsburgh, people have a modern tool to find their fish fix, an interactive map created by volunteer coders aimed at fostering community engagement. (March 3) (AP Video: Jessie Wardarski)

The Lenten fish fry is a popular tradition in many Catholic communities. In Pittsburgh, people have a modern tool to find their fish fix, an interactive map created by volunteer coders aimed at fostering community engagement. (March 3) (AP Video: Jessie Wardarski)

WEXFORD, Pa. (AP) — By the time the doors open at 4:30 p.m., a boisterous line of 50 hungry people is looping around the gymnasium foyer at Blessed Francis Seelos Academy. Their objective: to occupy tables on the basketball court and, for the parish’s first time since the pandemic descended in 2020, sit down for an old-fashioned Lenten fish fry.

Many patrons are members of the flock — St. Aidan Catholic Parish north of Pittsburgh — and greet each other as longtime friends. But these days, newcomers figure in the mix, too. And some arrive in a way that unites two rich seams of western Pennsylvania culture — tradition and innovation.

The fish fry, a long-established Friday staple during Lent, is roaring back from COVID with an assist from something decidedly newfangled: an interactive map built by local volunteer coders that points the way to scores of churches, fire halls and other places that offer battered and breaded seafood for the taking. In the process, the new Pittsburgh is helping point the way to the old.

“I like to think that this project helps people get excited about these very old cultural and culinary traditions,” says Hollen Barmer, a Tennessee transplant who came to Pittsburgh two decades ago and started the map in 2012 for her fish-fry-loving self.

“Fish fries,” Barmer likes to say, “are an adventure.”

ADVERTISEMENT

TWO PARTS OF PITTSBURGH

At this moment in its history, Pittsburgh is working to blend its fabled industrial yesterdays with a 21st-century economy based increasingly on services and innovation — something the map project reflects.

“Allowing people to interact with something traditional through technology, it adds an element to it that appeals to a different group of people,” says Ellie Newman, a member and the former leader of the nonprofit Code for Pittsburgh , which works with Barmer to operate the map.

During Lent, thousands of western Pennsylvanians — Catholic and non-Catholic alike — stream into Friday afternoon fish fries. Some pick up for takeout. Some chow down right there — fish and shrimp, fries and cole slaw and mac and cheese, sometimes pierogies or a local noodle-and-cabbage delicacy called haluski.

Western Pennsylvania loves the past, but the fish fry itself is steered by some very modern forces.

Long a tradition in American cities with Catholic communities, particularly around the Great Lakes, fish fries surged in popularity after the Second Vatican Council essentially told the faithful in 1966 that the practice of not eating meat on Fridays was optional — except during Lent, the period between Ash Wednesday and Easter. That made February to April a concentrated period of fish consumption.

Then came the steel industry’s foundering in the 1970s and 1980s. That upended the region, stole elements of civic pride and whipped up a fervor for traditions that shouted, loudly, “Pittsburgh!”

“There was a sense of destabilization — of `Who are we?′ And people tended to center around things that symbolized the community,” says Leslie Przybylek, senior curator at the Heinz History Center in Pittsburgh.

ADVERTISEMENT

Food touchstones like fish fries, pierogies and the “ cookie table ” — a western Pennsylvania wedding staple — became signifiers of identity. At the same time, technological advances in frozen food and the growth of fast food were making fish more accessible. The longtime presence of powerhouse regional fish distributor Robert Wholey & Co. also honed local tastes.

“People in Pennsylvania are used to good fish,” says Bill Yanicko, a funeral director in suburban West Deer Township who runs the community fish fry at Our Lady of the Lakes Parish. “They really don’t want to see a cookie-cutter triangle fish.”

Overlay all that with a robust interactive map (and pent-up pandemic energy) and you have a potent mix that helps people in western Pennsylvania overcome the geographic hesitations of the region’s hills and valleys, and go out searching for fish.

“Putting it in a digital frame and encouraging people to engage with it, it adds a level of vocabulary to it that makes a difference,” says Przybylek, who favors the fry at the Swissvale Fire Department, just outside the city. “Different generations engage in stories in different ways. It literally takes a food tradition and puts it into a platform that speaks to them on a different level.”

ADVERTISEMENT

MAPPING DELICIOUSNESS

Today, while churches remain a mainstay of Lenten fish fries, fire departments give them a run for their money — of which there is lots at play. Both entities use fish fries as volunteer-staffed fundraisers to offset budget challenges, and each works hard to stand out. “It takes a little army to make this happen,” says Keith Young, a retired businessman who helps with the St. Aidan fry.

Code for Pittsburgh, a group designed to create places where “civics and technology meet,” is all-volunteer as well. Its varied projects include a food access map of Pittsburgh and a cartographic catalog that helps track vehicle-pedestrian accidents.

The volunteer coding sessions held to build the fish-fry map are — how to say it? — fish-forward. Swedish Fish candies are set out. Bowls of Goldfish crackers are distributed. Radiohead’s “Weird Fishes/Arpeggi” plays.

“It’s kind of the perfect marriage of things — a team of super-nerdy people who know all about maps and know all about coding, and fish fries, which are just so Pittsburgh,” Newman says. “I don’t know of any other city that has this kind of obsession. ... As soon as people in the group heard about it, they were instantly hooked on it.”

Pittsburgh’s growing reputation as an innovation hub — with companies from Google to Uber establishing beachheads here — is sometimes cast as recent. But innovation lies at the heart of the region’s history. The steel industry that built it into an industrial powerhouse was a cutting-edge transformation of its day, and advances ranging from early movies to the polio vaccine have roots here.

ADVERTISEMENT

David Schorr, an IT analyst from the Pittsburgh suburb of West Mifflin, is known locally as “ The Codfather ” for his very public affinity to — and experience with — fish fries. He knows where to go for everything — including the places to secure, as he puts it, “handmade pierogies personally pinched by church ladies.” The interactive map, he says, opens myriad possibilities of fish-fry forays.

“It makes it a treasure hunt: `Oh — let’s go to that neighborhood,’” Schorr says. “They go, ‘Oh, look, this one’s on my way home from work.’ Or `I have to go visit Aunt Edna and we’ll be driving right by it.’ Or, `Oh, they have sauerkraut soup.′ Or, `I don’t like pollock. This one has cod. I’m going there.’”

The map, Barmer and Newman say, is designed to do precisely that — turn the western Pennsylvania fish-fry culture into an adventure stamped onto the landscape that fosters community engagement and understanding for natives and newcomers alike.

“As things become more globalized and cities tend to look more and more the same, there’s something appealing about coming to a place like Pittsburgh that still has things like this that have very deep roots in the community,” Newman says. “Things may change around you every year, but you know that every year you can go to your same church basement or fire hall and get that fish sandwich.”

___

Ted Anthony, director of new storytelling and newsroom innovation at The Associated Press, has been writing about American culture since 1990. Follow him on Twitter at http://twitter.com/anthonyted

ADVERTISEMENT

___

Associated Press religion coverage receives support through the AP’s collaboration with The Conversation US, with funding from Lilly Endowment Inc. The AP is solely responsible for this content.Drag performer Poly Tics, right, attends a rally in Frankfort, Ky., on Thursday, March 2, 2023. She spoke earlier at a legislative committee hearing where she opposed a bill that would put limits on drag shows in Kentucky. (AP Photo/Bruce Schreiner)

Drag performer Poly Tics, right, attends a rally in Frankfort, Ky., on Thursday, March 2, 2023. She spoke earlier at a legislative committee hearing where she opposed a bill that would put limits on drag shows in Kentucky. (AP Photo/Bruce Schreiner)

FRANKFORT, Ky. (AP) — Republican lawmakers on Thursday advanced a bill aimed at putting limits on drag shows in Kentucky, sparking chants of “shame” from opponents who decried the measure as discriminatory and said it would stifle First Amendment rights.

“This bill not only compromises or asks me to explain my humanity, but it also brings into question my livelihood,” drag performer Poly Tics told a GOP-led Kentucky Senate committee, which voted to advance the measure a few minutes later.

The measure would prohibit drag shows on public property or in places where the adult performances could be viewed by children.

“This bill is not anti-LGBTQ,” said Republican Sen. Lindsey Tichenor, the bill’s lead sponsor. “This bill is pro-children. For some reason, people want this type of content in front of children. And I would dare ask, why? Why do we need to sexualize our children?”

Violations of the bill would be punishable as misdemeanors for the first two offenses but would rise to a felony for subsequent offenses. Businesses hosting such performances could have their alcohol and business licenses suspended or revoked.

ADVERTISEMENT

Across the country, conservative activists and politicians complain that drag shows are contributing to the “sexualization” or “grooming” of children. The Tennessee Legislature recently became the first in the country to pass a bill banning public drag performances by classifying them as adult cabaret, among topless dancers, go-go dancers, exotic dancers and strippers. Tennessee’s Republican Gov. Bill Lee signed the bill into law on Thursday.

Several other states, including Idaho, North Dakota, Montana and Oklahoma, are considering similar bans.

After a lengthy discussion that at times turned emotional, the Kentucky Senate committee sent the measure to the full Senate. If it passes there, it would still need House approval. Republicans have supermajorities in both chambers.

The committee voted to scale back the bill from its original version, which would have imposed stricter location restrictions on where drag shows could occur. Despite the changes, opponents continued to raise constitutional questions about the measure.

“Our concern remains that this will include some censorship from the government that is not in compliance with our First Amendment-protected rights,” said Kate Miller with the American Civil Liberties Union of Kentucky.

ADVERTISEMENT

The proposal — Senate Bill 115 — remains discriminatory despite the revisions, said Bob Heleringer, who represented the Fairness Campaign, an LGBTQ advocacy organization.

“And an ounce of discrimination is the same as an ocean of discrimination,” said Heleringer, a Republican and a former Kentucky lawmaker.

The legislation takes aim at drag shows by referring to adult performances as a “sexually explicit performance” that includes a performance involving male or female impersonators.

David Walls, executive director of The Family Foundation, praised the bill as a “straightforward, common sense and necessary” effort to protect children.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Let’s state the obvious: Sexually explicit adult performances should not take place on public property and should not be anywhere near children, and SB115 would help protect our children from these performances,” Walls said.

Drag performer Poly Tics later told lawmakers the bill was an attack on her livelihood.

“As a drag performer who depends on drag shows ... for income, this bill not only tells me that I am not really a human worthy of rights, but I’m also not worthy to work and I’m not deserving of an ability to make money,” she said.

A few minutes later, the committee’s Republican members advanced the bill. After the vote, the bill’s opponents started chanting “shame.” The chanting continued as the committee chairman called up another bill to be considered. The opponents eventually left the committee room.FILE - This photo taken on Thursday, June 16, 2011 shows four Przewalski's Horses after being released at the Khomiin Tal reservation in Western Mongolia. Archaeologists have identified the earliest direct evidence for horseback riding – an innovation that would transform human history – in 5,000 year old skeletons in central Europe. (AP Photo/Petr David Josek, File)

FILE - This photo taken on Thursday, June 16, 2011 shows four Przewalski's Horses after being released at the Khomiin Tal reservation in Western Mongolia. Archaeologists have identified the earliest direct evidence for horseback riding – an innovation that would transform human history – in 5,000 year old skeletons in central Europe. (AP Photo/Petr David Josek, File)

WASHINGTON (AP) — Archaeologists have found the earliest direct evidence for horseback riding – an innovation that would transform history – in 5,000 year old human skeletons in central Europe.

“When you get on a horse and ride it fast, it’s a thrill – I’m sure ancient humans felt the same way,” said David Anthony, a co-author of the study and Hartwick College archaeologist. “Horseback riding was the fastest a human could go before the railroads.”

Researchers analyzed more than 200 Bronze Age skeletal remains in museum collections in Bulgaria, Poland, Romania, Hungary and the Czech Republic to look for signs of what co-author and University of Helsinki anthropologist Martin Trautmann calls “horse rider syndrome” – six tell-tale markers that indicate a person was likely riding an animal, including characteristic wear marks on the hip sockets, thigh bone and pelvis.

“You can read bones like biographies,” said Trautmann, who has previously studied similar wear patterns in skeletons from later periods when horseback riding is well-established in the historical record.

ADVERTISEMENT

The researchers focused on human skeletons — which are more readily preserved than horse bones in burial sites and museums – and identified five likely riders who lived around 4,500 to 5,000 years ago and belonged to a Bronze Age people called the Yamnaya.

“There is earlier evidence for harnessing and milking of horses, but this is the earliest direct evidence so far for horseback riding,” said University of Exeter archaeologist Alan Outram, who was not involved in the research, but praised the approach.

The study was published Friday in the journal Science Advances .

Domesticating wild horses on the plains of Eurasia was a process, not a single event, the researchers say.

Archaeologists have previously found evidence of people consuming horse milk in dental remains and indications of horses controlled by harnesses and bits dating back more than 5,000 years, but that does not necessarily indicate the horses were ridden.

The Yamnaya culture, known for its characteristic burial mounds, originated in what’s now part of Ukraine and western Russia, an area called the Pontic Caspian steppe. The horses they kept were distinct from modern horses – likely more easily startled and less tolerant of humans – although they may have been the immediate genetic ancestors of modern horses , which emerged a few centuries later, the researchers say.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Yamnaya are most significant because of their dramatic expansion across Eurasia in only a few generations — moving westward to Hungary and eastward to Mongolia, said University of Helsinki archaeologist and co-author Volker Heyd.

“The spread of Indo European languages is linked to their movement, and they reshaped the genetic make-up of Europe,” he said.

Their relationship with horses may have partly enabled this stunning movement, the researchers suggest. “Horses expand the concept of distance – you begin to think about places previously out of reach as being reachable,” said co-author Anthony, the Hartwick College archaeologist.

ADVERTISEMENT

That does not mean the Yamnaya people were warriors on horseback, as the horses they rode were likely too skittish for stressful battlefield situations, he said. But horses may have allowed the Yamnaya to more effectively send communications, build alliances and manage the herds of cattle that were central to their economy.

Because only a small percentage of the skeletons studied clearly showed all six markers of riding horseback, “it seems that a minority of the people at that time were riders – that does not suggest that a whole society was built on horseback riding,” said molecular archaeologist Ludovic Orlando, who is based at the Centre for Anthropobiology and Genomics of Toulouse in France and was not involved in the research.

Still, he praised the work for helping to better pinpoint the potential genesis of horseback riding.

“This is about the origins of something that impacted human history like only a few other things have,” said Orlando.

___

Follow Christina Larson on Twitter at @larsonchristina.

___

The Associated Press Health and Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute’s Science and Educational Media Group. The AP is solely responsible for all content.Should you get a home improvement loan from your contractor?

Using a general contractor who offers home improvement financing seems convenient, especially if they’re standing in your kitchen ready to start as soon as you pay them.

Contractors who offer loans usually work with third parties that specialize in home improvement financing. While there are benefits to the arrangement, even a highly recommended contractor may not give you financing that fits your needs, so it pays to shop around.

Here’s what to know about contractor financing options and alternatives to consider.

RATES ARE TIED TO CREDIT, NOT EQUITY

Many contractors offer unsecured personal loans, which don’t require you to have equity in your home or use it as collateral.

Instead, your credit profile and financial information determine whether you qualify and the rate you receive. The lowest rates go to borrowers with good credit.

No collateral means a lender can’t take your property if you fail to repay, but it also means the rate could be high, Atlanta-area certified financial planner Jovan Johnson says.

ADVERTISEMENT

Contractors may subsidize the loans through their financing partnerships, effectively lowering your interest rate, says David Zalik, founder and CEO of GreenSky, a platform owned by Goldman Sachs that helps provide loans through contractors.

And some loans have zero-interest introductory periods for borrowers with strong credit, which Johnson says may be ideal if you’re confident you can pay off the balance during the promotional period.

LOANS ARE FUNDED FAST

A loan through your contractor may also mean a faster start to your project. Once the contractor knows funds are available, they can get to work.

Unlike with home equity loans and lines of credit, contractors’ lending partners don’t usually require an appraisal.

GreenSky can approve borrowers in seconds, and funds are available instantly, so there’s no waiting period between getting a quote and starting the project, Zalik says.

But getting a loan offer when you’ve just settled on an estimate leaves little time to compare — and comparing is key, says Trent Porter, a certified financial planner with Priority Financial Partners.

“Just because that’s what’s in front of you doesn’t mean it’s necessarily the best,” says Porter, who is based in Durango, Colorado.

ADVERTISEMENT

Some home improvement lenders allow applicants to pre-qualify to preview their potential loan amount and rate with a soft credit check, which doesn’t affect their credit score.

Zalik says pre-qualified GreenSky offers are good for 60 days, so you can compare them with others.

PRESSURE TO OVERSPEND

As with other point-of-sale financing options, getting a loan offer while the contractor is in your home could make you feel pressured to start a project before you’re ready — or spend more than you initially planned.

“I don’t like that it puts the client in a pressure situation where they don’t have time to kind of step back and weigh their options,” Johnson says.

Planning the project upfront will take some of that pressure off, says Tess Downing , a certified financial planner at Complete View Financial in San Antonio . Start with a firm budget and get bids from multiple contractors so you have a cost in mind before you shop for financing, she says.

ADVERTISEMENT

If you’re considering a loan through a home improvement company, get two or three estimates you’re comfortable with before pre-qualifying.

OTHER WAYS TO PAY

Even if your contractor’s loan offer is enticing, compare other types of financing to find the best rate and terms.

Home equity loans and lines of credit are two financing alternatives that often have single-digit interest rates and long repayment terms that keep monthly payments low. The interest on home equity financing may be tax-deductible if you use the money for a repair or remodel.

Home equity line of credit, or HELOC, rates are variable, while home equity loan rates are fixed. Rates for both have been rising for about a year, so if you’re choosing between the two, Porter recommends locking in a fixed-rate home equity loan now and refinancing later if rates decrease.

ADVERTISEMENT

If you don’t have equity or prefer a no-collateral financing option, compare personal loans from direct-to-consumer lenders. As with loans available through contractors, you can usually pre-qualify for a personal loan online. This can also help you gauge whether your contractor is giving you a good deal.

Best yet, go the interest-free route and pay with cash. For repairs, consider tapping your emergency fund. A slow leak in your roof might constitute an emergency, Porter says, especially if it means costly repairs down the line.

______________________

This article was provided to The Associated Press by the personal finance website NerdWallet. Annie Millerbernd is a writer at NerdWallet. Email: amillerbernd@nerdwallet.com. Twitter: @annieanyway.

RELATED LINK:

NerdWallet: How to finance a home remodel https://bit.ly/nerdwallet-how-to-finance-a-home-remodelFILE - Scott Adams, creator of the comic strip Dilbert, talks about his work at his studio in Dublin, Calif., on Oct. 26, 2006. Adams experienced possibly the biggest repercussion of his recent comments about race when distributor Andrews McMeel Universal announced Sunday, Feb. 26 it would no longer work with the cartoonist. In an episode of his YouTube show last week, Adams described people who are Black as members of “a hate group” from which white people should “get away.” Various media publishers across the U.S. denounced the comments while saying they would no longer provide a platform for his work. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File)

FILE - Scott Adams, creator of the comic strip Dilbert, talks about his work at his studio in Dublin, Calif., on Oct. 26, 2006. Adams experienced possibly the biggest repercussion of his recent comments about race when distributor Andrews McMeel Universal announced Sunday, Feb. 26 it would no longer work with the cartoonist. In an episode of his YouTube show last week, Adams described people who are Black as members of “a hate group” from which white people should “get away.” Various media publishers across the U.S. denounced the comments while saying they would no longer provide a platform for his work. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File)

NEW YORK (AP) — Cartoonists are pushing back against racist remarks made by “Dilbert” creator Scott Adams, with one artist even using his own strip this week to lampoon the disgraced cartoon now dropped by newspapers nationwide.

Darrin Bell is transforming his strip “Candorville” — which usually features young Black and Latino characters — into a way to address Adams’ racism by mimicking the look and style of “Dilbert,” complete with wayward necktie.

“The only reason anyone knows who Scott Adams is because of the comics page. So I thought somebody on the comics page should respond to him on the comics page,” Bell, the 2019 winner of the Pulitzer Prize for illustrated reporting and commentary, told The Associated Press.

ADVERTISEMENT

In the strips running Monday to Saturday, Bell paired Dilbert with one of his own characters, Lemont Brown. In one, Dilbert hopes Lemont will side with him in his quest to get a laundry room installed at work.

“You could wash your hoodie,” says Dilbert. Responds Lemont: “And you could wash your hood?”

Adams, who is white, was an outspoken — and controversial — presence on social media long before describing Black people as a “hate group” on YouTube last month. Adams repeatedly referred to people who are Black as members of a “hate group” and said he would no longer “help Black Americans.” He later said he was being hyperbolic, yet continued to defend his stance.

“When somebody goes too far like Scott Adams did, everyone who knows better should stand up and use their First Amendment to draw a line — to say that this is unacceptable,” said Bell, whose new graphic novel “The Talk” explores growing up as a biracial man in white culture.

Other cartoonists have stepped forward to denounce Adams, like Bill Holbrook, the creator of “On the Fastrack,” a strip that features an interracial family and — like “Dilbert” — focuses on a modern workplace.

“One of the things I wanted to spotlight with my characters is that people do rise above their differences. It can work,” Holbrook said. “That’s the spotlight I wanted to focus on and still do. It’s all a matter of where you want to put your focus.”

Holbrook said the Adams case is not one of so-called cancel culture but of consequences.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I am in full support with him saying anything he wants to, but then he has to own the consequences of saying them,” he said. “He’s not being canceled. He’s experiencing the consequences of expressing his views.”

Individual newspapers have dropped “Dilbert” and Adams’ distributor, Andrews McMeel Universal, said it was severing ties with the cartoonist. While some outlets replaced “Dilbert” with another strip, The Sun Chronicle in Attleboro, Massachusetts, decided to keep the space blank through March “as a reminder of the racism that pervades our society.”

The “Dilbert” controversy has rocked a community of daily cartoonists who often create work in their homes several months ahead of publication. While reliably pro-free speech, they say they’re also orientated toward a better future — or at least a chuckle.

“We believe comics are a powerful medium and that cartoonists should perpetuate laughter, not racism and hate,” said Tea Fougner, editor in chief of King Features Syndicate — which distributes such strips as “Candorville,” “Zits,” “Mutts” and “Dennis the Menace” — in a statement to the AP.

“We are proud of our cartoonists who are using their platforms to denounce the hatred spread by Scott Adams and encourage others to join us as we stand together as a community to keep the world of cartooning a safe and welcoming space for everyone,” the statement said.

ADVERTISEMENT

Bell credited King Features Syndicate and his editors for allowing him to rip up the strips intended for this week and pivot to the “Dilbert” send-ups, an unusual request.

“They apparently thought it was important enough to take a risk and to make sure that it goes out on time,” Bell said.

Many comic creators said they’d stopped reading “Dilbert” over the past several years, finding the strip’s tone darker and its creator’s descent into misogyny, anti-immigration and racism alarming. But Adams still had hundreds of newspaper perches before last week.

ADVERTISEMENT

“We can’t move forward and progress as a culture and as a society if there are still people in these gatekeeping roles that are holding onto these archaic ideas,” said artist Bianca Xunise, who co-authors the strip “Six Chix” and is the second Black woman in comics history to be nationally syndicated.

Xunise noted the fallout was much quicker when she drew a strip that commented on both the Black Lives Matter movement and the coronavirus pandemic. More than 120 publications immediately dropped the strip.

She said being Black in the cartooning world seems to always trigger pushback from hateful readers and those fearful of “woke” messages, but is heartened that “Heart of the City” — now authored by the Black cartoonist Steenz — replaced “Dilbert” in The Washington Post.

“We don’t want to push so far that it becomes a different form of fascism over censoring everybody’s ideas just out of fear of being offensive,” Xunise said. “But some things do not need to be said, and especially if they are a directly punching down towards those who are marginalized.”

ADVERTISEMENT

“Macanudo” creator Ricardo Liniers Siri, known professionally as Liniers, said Adams was moving into unfunny territory and that’s a cartoonist’s third rail.

“Grievance generally is not fun. The funniest guy at a party is not the one just complaining about everything. That’s the annoying guy,” he said.

“I don’t do grievance. I’m just trying to focus on whatever is good that we have around,” he added. “Because in the context of a newspaper with so much bad news, I try to have an optimistic space.”

___

Mark Kennedy is at http://twitter.com/KennedyTwitsThe Versace Fall/Winter 2023 collection is modeled by Naomi Campbell on Thursday, March 9, 2023, at the Pacific Design Center in West Hollywood, Calif. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP)

The Versace Fall/Winter 2023 collection is modeled by Naomi Campbell on Thursday, March 9, 2023, at the Pacific Design Center in West Hollywood, Calif. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP)

WEST HOLLYWOOD, Calif. (AP) — Decamping from her usual base in Milan to show her wares in Los Angeles — only three days before the Oscars — Donatella Versace says she was inspired by the energy, glamour and power of Hollywood. She had plenty of that, but she needed one more thing to make it all work: good weather.

And so, with rain expected on Friday, Versace was forced to move her show ahead by a day. It may have been chaotic, but it was the right move. Her star-studded runway show Thursday took place on a cool but gorgeous Los Angeles evening on a spectacular rooftop overlooking the snow-capped San Gabriel mountains, sleek downtown skyscrapers and the Hollywood hills.

Oh, and daylight ceded to darkness right as the show ended — just in time to turn on the floodlights, blast “Let’s Go Crazy” by Prince and head to cocktails.

The sun was still out when the crowd began making its way up to the roof of the imposing Pacific Design Center on Melrose Avenue, with its distinctive blue glass exterior. Guests jostled to be photographed with the stunning view behind them, and staffers warned them not to step too far backward and fall off the building.

ADVERTISEMENT

As for the stars, they were on the runway and in the audience.

Naomi Campbell, Gigi and Bella Hadid, Kendall Jenner, Emily Ratajkowski and Irina Shayk strutted the catwalk, in front of a cross-section of notable names from music, film, fashion, sports and beyond.

Causing the most excited stir was Cher, who showed up alongside fellow music luminaries Elton John, Dua Lipa, Miley Cyrus, Lil Nas X and others. From cinema, there were no less than two best supporting actress Oscar winners — Ariana DeBose and Anne Hathaway — plus a favorite for best supporting actor this year, Ke Huy Quan. Former NBA star Dwyane Wade was there with Gabrielle Union. Jeff Bezos, Channing Tatum, Paris Hilton, Pamela Anderson and Lily James (who played Anderson in a Hulu series) were among other notable names.

In creating her 2023 fall-winter line, Versace harked back to a 1995 collection of Atelier Versace, the label’s couture line, with a campaign starring Madonna. Color choices began with black and included caramel and chocolate, as well as apricot, turquoise and pink. Prints included an animal print from the Versace archive and a falling flower motif.

ADVERTISEMENT

Gigi Hadid opened the show in a black hourglass jacket and knee-length pencil skirt, a sleek tailored look that gradually segued to more glittery ensembles (she reappeared later in a flowing gown with sheer bodice and sleeves). Campbell came later, in a stunning black gown with elbow-length gloves.

After a cascade of black outfits for both women and men, a sudden burst of bright pink surfaced, in a wool cropped jacket and miniskirt, then a minidress in a tangerine hue. More than halfway through the show came the luxurious, satiny printed dresses — often minis, and accompanied by those elbow-length gloves for added glamour.

Streetwear was nowhere to be seen — this was about luxury — and the long gloves seemed to evoke the Golden Age of Hollywood, which began in the mid-1920s and continued for several decades. Paired with the up-to-there minis, and often accessorized with big sunglasses, the effect was to create what Versace described as “energy from clashing Golden Age glamour with contemporary attitude, and confident power.”

ADVERTISEMENT

How confident? The designer has called this collection a form of armor. As for Los Angeles, Versace has called it “a natural home for us” — a place that makes her feel free and close to nature.

Los Angeles is also, of course, a city of stars — and never more than during Oscar week. The moments before the show felt like a dry run for the Oscars red (or this year, champagne-colored) carpet, with celebrities reuniting or meeting for the first time.

Lipa was shown on social media meeting and sitting next to Cher. Wade, in an orange suit, chatted with DeBose, who wore a see-through fishnet number. And one set of stars seemed particularly thrilled to be meeting: Quan, of “Everything Everywhere All at Once,” and Hathaway, who each expressed their fandom for the other.

“I’m fainting!” Hathaway said when she laid eyes on Quan. “Everyone is so happy for you!”

Quan replied: “I love you so much.”This photo provided by Nissan shows the 2023 Nissan Leaf, a compact electric hatchback with an EPA-estimated range starting at 149 miles in the base trim. (Jay K. McNally /Courtesy of Nissan North America via AP)

This photo provided by Nissan shows the 2023 Nissan Leaf, a compact electric hatchback with an EPA-estimated range starting at 149 miles in the base trim. (Jay K. McNally /Courtesy of Nissan North America via AP)

The push for new, appealing electric vehicles has gained considerable momentum recently. The next few years will see a rollout of EVs in every popular automotive segment, increasing competition and decreasing prices. At the moment, however, all-electric vehicle development costs remain high and most new additions are priced well above equivalent gas-powered models.

That means the list of economical EVs isn’t yet extensive, but it does include a handful of cars starting under $40,000 . Edmunds has assembled a roster of five affordable options for 2023 sorted by price. Some of these models will further qualify for federal tax credits that now require American assembly and parts sourcing.

CHEVY BOLT EV Helping pioneer the mass-production EV landscape in 2017, the Chevy Bolt EV tackled range anxiety and affordability in a practical package. The updated version introduced last year adds a more appealing interior ambiance while maintaining competitive range and zippy performance.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Bolt EV isn’t perfect, with a firm ride and smallish cargo area, but it is now the least expensive electric vehicle for 2023 thanks to a huge price cut. We also proved the Bolt EV can travel 278 miles on a single charge, besting its EPA-estimated range by 19 miles. If the hatchback body isn’t appealing, Chevy also offers an SUV-like version, the Bolt EUV, that has more interior room. Bolt models purchased before March should qualify for the $7,500 federal tax credit. Starting price: $27,495

NISSAN LEAF The first-generation Nissan Leaf was a quirky car with a short range that attracted early adopters and those hoping to cash in on incentives, but the current model is much easier on the eyes and touts a respectable driving range.

We like the Leaf for its quiet, comfortable ride and many standard features. Fast charging won’t always be possible thanks to the Leaf’s less popular port design. The entry-level S trim is limited to just 149 miles of range too. But Edmunds’ real-world test of the SV Plus model that has a bigger battery resulted in a useful 237 miles. Nissan Leaf models purchased before March should qualify for the $7,500 federal tax credit. Starting price: $29,135

MINI COOPER SE The Mini Cooper SE is an all-electric version of the regular Cooper Hardtop 2 Door. Being based on a regular Mini provides some benefits. It’s fun to drive and a cinch to fit into tight parking spaces. It’s also chic in the way that only a Mini can be. But there are downsides, too. Most significantly, the Cooper SE has a tiny trunk and back seat, making it the least practical EV on our list.

ADVERTISEMENT

Shoppers should also be aware that Cooper SE is pretty limited in range. Its EPA-quoted 114-mile range is quite a bit less than some competitors, although Edmunds managed to get 150 miles from it in real-world driving. If space and distance aren’t major constraints, the Cooper SE’s daily driving entertainment might make it all worth it. Starting price: $35,220

HYUNDAI KONA ELECTRIC The Kona Electric is one of Edmunds’ favorite small EVs. Boasting a well-equipped cabin, nimble dynamics and a composed ride, the Kona Electric makes a big value play for under $35K. We were also pleasantly surprised by the Kona EV’s real-world range of 308 miles, which bests its EPA rating by about 50 miles.

ADVERTISEMENT

Downsides include a tight back seat and a lack of availability in all 50 states. But bolstered by a long warranty period and excellent build quality, Hyundai’s electric crossover is an easier sell than some of its competitors. Starting price: $34,885

VOLKSWAGEN ID.4 Volkswagen’s first all-electric vehicle enters its third model year for 2023. Regardless of trim or battery size, the ID.4 offers impressive cargo and passenger space, useful standard driver assist features and a smooth ride. Buyers, though, might find the ID.4’s cabin controls to be frustrating and ample plastics to feel cheap.

The new entry-level S trim is rated at 209 miles of range and the longest-range rear-wheel-drive variant is rated at 275 miles. Our real-world test of the rear-drive model returned 287 miles on a single charge. Thanks to new U.S.-based production, 2023 ID.4 models purchased before March should qualify for the $7,500 federal tax credit. Starting price: $40,290

ADVERTISEMENT

EDMUNDS SAYS: The coming years should bring a decline in EV prices as parts and development costs begin to decrease. This will lead to greater competition and increased adoption of this burgeoning technology.

_______________

This story was provided to The Associated Press by the automotive website Edmunds . Miles Branman is a contributor at Edmunds and is on TwitterConservative justices holding the Supreme Court’s majority seem likely to sink President Joe Biden’s plan to wipe away or reduce student loans held by millions of Americans. (Feb. 28)

Conservative justices holding the Supreme Court’s majority seem likely to sink President Joe Biden’s plan to wipe away or reduce student loans held by millions of Americans. (Feb. 28)

WASHINGTON (AP) — Niara Thompson couldn’t shake her frustration as the Supreme Court debated President Joe Biden’s student debt cancellation. As she listened from the audience Tuesday, it all felt academic. There was a long discussion on the nuances of certain words. Justices asked lawyers to explore hypothetical scenarios.

For Thompson, none of it is hypothetical . A student at the University of Georgia, she grew up watching her parents struggle with student loans and will graduate with about $50,000 of her own student debt.

“It felt like people who could never understand why we would want something like this,” she said. “I wanted to be like, ‘Y’all don’t understand. Y’all are focusing on this, but there’s people out here who are struggling to find food for their families.’”

Much of the discussion in Tuesday’s hearing centered on whether states had the legal right to sue over Biden’s student loans plan. But the justices also were scrutinizing whether Biden had the authority to waive hundreds of billions of dollars in debt without the explicit approval of Congress, which decides how taxpayer money is spent.

ADVERTISEMENT

It’s not unusual for Supreme Court cases to hang on legal technicalities, even in cases of great public interest. Yet to borrowers following Tuesday’s arguments, it felt isolating to hear such a personal subject reduced to cold legal language.

Opponents of the plan to wipe away debt held by millions of Americans have denounced it as an insult to those who have repaid their debt and to those who didn’t attend college.

Thompson was among a few dozen borrowers who camped out in drizzle overnight to get seats at the court for Tuesday’s hearing. Some of the court’s liberal justices sought several times to turn the arguments back to the people who would benefit from the program, pointing out their need for relief. In response, conservatives asked if those who passed up college should pay for those who borrowed money to attend.

For Thompson’s family, years of payments hang in the balance. Student loan payments have been on hold since the start of the pandemic, but they are set to restart 60 days after the court cases resolve — regardless of the outcome.

ADVERTISEMENT

Thompson and her father are each eligible for $10,000 in relief, she said. It would move her a step closer to financial stability, Thompson said, and it would eliminate the rest of her dad’s loans.

“It just hurt my feelings a bit,” she said of Tuesday’s arguments. “I just want better for us, you know?”

The mood inside the court — quiet and ceremonious — was a contrast to the atmosphere outside as dozens of activists rallied in support of cancellation. Crowds chanted and listened to speeches from members of Congress, including Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., and Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt.

Advocates took to the podium to share stories about family sacrifices and life milestones deferred because of heavy student debt.

ADVERTISEMENT

Ella Azoulay, a 26-year-old who lives in Washington, visited the rally to join the push for debt relief, which she calls a “family issue.” A 2018 graduate of New York University, Azoulay has $40,000 in student debt, while her dad has more than $400,000 taken out on behalf of her and her two siblings.

“I can’t really think about my future without thinking about this huge debt,” she said. “My dad has no plans to retire. He’s in his 60s and he has said for my whole life that he will never be able to retire. And that’s really upsetting to hear.”

During the hearing, liberal Justice Sonia Sotomayor said it would be a mistake for her fellow justices to take for themselves, instead of leaving it to education experts, “the right to decide how much aid to give” people who will struggle if the program is struck down.

Others justices also have shown a grasp of borrowers’ plight. Justice Clarence Thomas, the court’s staunchest conservative, has written about the “crushing weight” of his own student loans , which he paid off after reaching the nation’s highest court.

ADVERTISEMENT

Kayla Smith, 22, joined Thompson at the overnight campout for a seat inside the court. A recent graduate of the University of Georgia, she also felt the discussion missed the bigger picture.

Smith’s mother borrowed more than $20,000 in federal Parent Plus loans to help her pay for college. Smith sees it as the result of a broken system that forces people into debt for a shot at social mobility.

“They were focused on small, minuscule details,” Smith, of Atlanta, said of the justices. “I even saw some of them laughing during the hearing, which was odd to me because people’s lives are being affected. It’s not a laughing matter to us, at least.” ___

The Associated Press education team receives support from the Carnegie Corporation of New York. The AP is solely responsible for all content.Prosecutors Tomoko Suzuki, left, and Rina Ito pose for a photographer during an interview at Tokyo District Public Prosecutors Office Monday, Feb. 27, 2023, in Tokyo. Twenty years ago, only about 8% of Japanese prosecutors were women. By 2018, that number rose to nearly a third of newly hired prosecutors. This year, the male-female ratio reached 50-50, according to the Tokyo District Prosecutors Office. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko)

Prosecutors Tomoko Suzuki, left, and Rina Ito pose for a photographer during an interview at Tokyo District Public Prosecutors Office Monday, Feb. 27, 2023, in Tokyo. Twenty years ago, only about 8% of Japanese prosecutors were women. By 2018, that number rose to nearly a third of newly hired prosecutors. This year, the male-female ratio reached 50-50, according to the Tokyo District Prosecutors Office. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko)

TOKYO (AP) — At the prosecutors’ office in Tokyo, everyone makes their own copies and tea — tasks often relegated to women in a country that’s been criticized for its lack of gender equality.

Twenty years ago, only about 8% of Japanese prosecutors were women. By 2018, that number rose to nearly a third of newly hired prosecutors. This year, the male-female ratio reached 50-50, according to the Tokyo District Prosecutors Office.

Japan ranks among the worst in gender equality for developed nations despite being No. 1 in equal access to education for women and men. So how are women finding equal footing in the esteemed field?

Prosecutor Rina Ito is quick to acknowledge that luck played a role, though her accomplishments didn’t hurt.

Ito graduated from the prestigious Keio University, whose founder Yukichi Fukuzawa was a proponent of women’s rights and where women make up nearly half of attendance. She then passed the national bar, the stringent test required of all Japanese prosecutors. Now she’s on her 10th year on the job.

ADVERTISEMENT

“When you think about who has the task of pursuing the truth, among judges, defense lawyers and prosecutors, it’s the prosecutors,” Ito said in a February interview with The Associated Press. “Prosecutors can go after the truth. That’s why I set my heart on becoming a prosecutor.”

Tokyo District Prosecutors are Japan’s top-brass upholders of justice, notorious for going after corruption in the highest places: the Lockheed scandal of the 1970s that unseated a prime minister, the Recruit company insider trading debacle of the 1980s, and, more recently, bribery and bid-rigging related to the Tokyo Olympics .

Reaching gender parity, as in Ito’s occupation, is rare in Japan. Women tend to be over-represented in the service sector and among clerical workers, while being fewer in manufacturing, security personnel and management, according to Statista data. Only about 5% of listed companies’ board members are women, according to the Gender Equality Bureau in the Japanese Cabinet Office.

Ito’s mother was a full-time homemaker, and her father a “salaryman,” but neither has discouraged her from pursuing a career. Her husband cooks and helps take care of their 2-year-old daughter.

ADVERTISEMENT

She also notes that prosecutors, male or female, get moved around a lot — as quickly as every year or two — to various regional offices throughout the nation. The shuffling makes it almost impossible to curry favor with bosses, or develop personal relationships that could affect advancement prospects and fair evaluation. That may help even out the score in Japan, which ranks 116th in gender equality in a list topped by Iceland and Finland, according to the latest data compiled by the World Economic Forum . The United States is No. 27.

Some men are also helping to even the playing field. Male prosecutors say they make a point to treat female colleagues equally.

“I have never viewed the women prosecutors as women,” Tokyo District Deputy Chief Prosecutor Hiroshi Morimoto said.

ADVERTISEMENT

Prosecutors are taking paternity leave in growing numbers, easing the gap between men and women like prosecutor Tomoko Suzuki, who took maternity leave for a combined several years to have two sons and is back full-time at her job.

Parental leave — particularly paternity — is often frowned upon in Japan . Although both men and women have such privileges under Japanese law, men make up only about 14% of those taking parental leave, in contrast to 85% for women, according to government data. Informally, men say people are surprised and puzzled when they take time off work to be fathers.

Suzuki acknowledged juggling being a mother, wife and prosecutor is a serious challenge. She has relied on her parents, older sister and babysitters for help.

Her husband, who works in shipping, is based in Singapore. She puts her sons on a plane during school vacations. Her children are learning to make friends with flight attendants and enjoying Singapore’s diverse culture.

“Yes, it’s stressful and tough to live apart from my husband. But there are positives, too,” Suzuki said.

ADVERTISEMENT

When they do get to meet, it’s like falling in love again. And he gets paid in Singapore dollars — a plus with Japanese yen declining recently .

“You can think that married couples must live together, which means I can’t be happy. Or you can think we are blessed with more varied experiences,” she said.

Suzuki, a Keio graduate like Ito, is now in management, overseeing younger prosecutors.

A prosecutor’s success isn’t measured by the number of guilty verdicts won, as in other countries. The conviction rate in Japan is higher than 99%, a statistic that’s been slammed by human rights advocates as “hostage justice.” Japan has had several high-profile cases in which innocent people were forced into false confessions.

Suzuki says the conviction rate has been taken out of context.

“The fact is that we don’t prosecute many of the cases. We don’t bring to trial those cases that aren’t likely to produce guilty verdicts,” said Suzuki, who has some 20 years’ experience in the field. “That’s why the conviction rate is 99%.”

ADVERTISEMENT

“We also need to try harder to communicate what’s going on,” she said.

Communication skills are far more important than guilty verdicts, Suzuki said, because perpetrators and victims alike are hesitant to talk to prosecutors, whose work includes helping people who have been convicted rehabilitate and rejoin society. Having female prosecutors is helpful when victims request to speak with a woman, as is sometimes the case with sex-related crimes.

But usually, Ito and Suzuki said, individual ability is all that matters.

___

Yuri Kageyama is on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyamaMeteorologists say the explanation for the robust winter season is not so simple.

Snow covers shrubs and the top of a cactus on Thursday, March 2, 2023 east of Phoenix, Ariz. The National Weather Service predicts that a powerful weather system will affect most of the lower 48 states into Thursday as it began to taper off in California. It could bring heavy snow to the Southwest and some portions of the high Plains and record high temperatures in the Gulf Coast into the Ohio Valley. (AP Photo/Kevin Nunn)

Snow covers shrubs and the top of a cactus on Thursday, March 2, 2023 east of Phoenix, Ariz. The National Weather Service predicts that a powerful weather system will affect most of the lower 48 states into Thursday as it began to taper off in California. It could bring heavy snow to the Southwest and some portions of the high Plains and record high temperatures in the Gulf Coast into the Ohio Valley. (AP Photo/Kevin Nunn)

Portland, Oregon received nearly a foot of snow in a single day in what proved to be its second-snowiest day in history. Mountainous areas of California experienced nearly unprecedented snowfall accumulations - more than 40 feet since the start of the season. At the airport in Flagstaff, Arizona, 11.6 feet have fallen this season, second only to the winter of 1948-49. Even Phoenix suburbs woke up on Thursday to a dusting of snow that covered cactuses and lush golf courses.

What is going on with all the snow?

“This rain and snow bucked the trend and it’s highly unexpected,” said Ryan Maue, a meteorologist and former NOAA chief scientist. “It’s like once-in-a-generation.”

Meteorologists say the explanation for the robust winter season is not so simple, nor is it a direct result of the current La Niña climate pattern, with the cooling of central Pacific ocean surface waters affecting weather.

ADVERTISEMENT

“The short answer is no, La Niña alone is not the main cause of this weather,” said Daniel McEvoy, a researcher with the Western Regional Climate Center.

Bianca Feldkircher, a meteorologist for the National Weather Service, said a persistent blocking pattern over the Pacific Ocean plus cold air migrating south from the Arctic have created the conditions for widespread snowfall along the West Coast.

“Not only were you getting significant snowfall in areas that already see snow, you were also seeing snowfall on lower elevations in Southern California, which is super rare,” said Feldkircher.

For example, the forecast on March 1 warned of snowfall for parts of Phoenix, which Feldkircher said is “super unusual” for this time of year. And last week, Portland saw abnormally high snowfall rates and recorded nearly 11 inches (28 centimeters) — the second snowiest day in the city’s history.

With respect to human-induced climate change, meteorologists say it’s challenging to nail down what part it is playing in the West Coast’s peculiar winter season.

But increasingly extreme weather is expected as global temperatures rise. “Heat produces moisture, moisture produces storms, and heat and moisture bind to produce even more severe storms,” Feldkircher said.

Forecasting technology keeps getting better. So much better, it may even soon be able to forecast extreme events with higher accuracy. “In the near future, I do not think climate will cause issues with our weather forecasting capabilities,” said Maue.

ADVERTISEMENT

Although many regions struggled with the challenging winter conditions, some are welcoming the much-needed moisture.

The recent precipitation is a blessing for some relief from the drought that has persisted in the Southwest.

California tends to go from rags to riches, bounty to poverty when it comes to rain, Maue said. “That’s why from a policy point of view, you need to be able to have water regulations, reservoirs, and water supplies that can last during multi-year droughts.”

____

Associated Press climate and environmental coverage receives support from several private foundations. See more about AP’s climate initiative here . The AP is solely responsible for all content.A worker displays XRAI glasses during the Mobile World Congress 2023 in Barcelona, Spain, on Wednesday, March 1, 2023. After three years of pandemic disruption, MWC, also known as Mobile World Congress, kicked off Monday in Barcelona, Spain, with mobile phone makers showing off new devices and telecom industry executives perusing the latest networking gear and software. (AP Photo/Joan Mateu Parra)

A worker displays XRAI glasses during the Mobile World Congress 2023 in Barcelona, Spain, on Wednesday, March 1, 2023. After three years of pandemic disruption, MWC, also known as Mobile World Congress, kicked off Monday in Barcelona, Spain, with mobile phone makers showing off new devices and telecom industry executives perusing the latest networking gear and software. (AP Photo/Joan Mateu Parra)

BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — The father of the cellphone was there. So was Huawei and a host of other Chinese tech companies . Tens of thousands of visitors also flocked to the MWC tech fair to be dazzled by the latest advances in AI, smartphones, robotics and much more.

The metaverse got a lot of attention at the show, also known as Mobile World Congress, as companies cash in on the hype surrounding new virtual worlds for work and play.

SK Telecom’s virtual reality air taxi flight simulator was one of the most popular demonstrations, with long lines to take a virtual ride. There were robot dogs to remotely inspect infrastructure and holograms for virtual learning, along with speeches from wireless industry executives and backroom schmoozing with government officials.

Some 80,000 people were expected to attend the world’s biggest wireless trade show, which wraps up its four-day run in Barcelona on Thursday.

ADVERTISEMENT

Here’s a look at some highlights:

SCROLL AND FOLD

While MWC smartphone launches don’t get as much attention as they used to because innovations have slowed, devices with nifty screens took the spotlight.

Motorola added the wow factor by unveiling a phone with a screen that rolls out. Double tap your fingers on the side, and the display automatically extends from 5 inches long (13 centimeters) to 6.5 inches by unscrolling from the bottom.

Motorola’s owner, Chinese tech brand Lenovo, also showed off a laptop with a rolling screen, which took about 19 seconds to unscroll to its fully extended position. The company said they’re concept devices and unlikely to hit the market anytime soon.

Other brands including Samsung and China’s Oppo and Tecno also released their latest folding designs.

Phones with foldable screens have drawn attention from consumers, but “whether that interest then translates into sales is a different question,” said Gerrit Schneemann, senior analyst at GfK Boutique. “For the next few years, I think they’ll still be a real niche market in the overall smartphone market. Growing, but still — relatively speaking — relatively small.”

AI CHAT GLASSES

Artificially intelligent chatbots like ChatGPT have taken the tech world by storm, and U.K. startup XRAI Glass is joining the fray with augmented reality glasses.

ADVERTISEMENT

The company’s virtual assistant app was designed to work with smart viewer glasses to help people who are deaf or hard of hearing better understand what’s happening around them. Speech is transcribed from other people nearby and the subtitles are displayed onto the lenses or an attached smartphone.

Now XRAI (pronounced X-ray) has integrated OpenAI’s ChatGPT technology into its app and glasses setup.

“People can ask questions such as general knowledge or recipes or anything they like,” CEO Dan Scarfe said. “Or they can actually ask questions of their conversation. So, ‘Hey, XRAI, can you please summarize this conversation?’ Or, ‘Hey, XRAI, what was the name of the town that we were just talking about?’”

For those with hearing loss, it can be helpful to have an AI assistant recap a conversation in which multiple people were talking, the company says.

ADVERTISEMENT

DIGITAL HUMANS

People might feel better interacting with AI chatbots if they had human faces. That’s the thinking at D-ID, an Israeli startup, which launched a new interface for its “digital human” — essentially an online avatar that can work with AI-chat systems to hold conversations.

“We had the chatbot in the past. They didn’t work,” said CEO Gil Perry, because they could only answer specific questions with specific answers. Now, “large language models are bringing huge improvements to traditional chatbots.”

Generative AI systems like ChatGPT can create readable text and hold conversations based on what they’ve learned from so-called large language models — vast databases of digital books, online writings and other media.

Perry demonstrated by asking a question to the chatbot’s face on his laptop, whose response was eerily lifelike. He said safeguards would prevent D-ID’s technology from being used maliciously.

ADVERTISEMENT

“The idea here is not to replace anyone and not to convince anyone that what they’re seeing is true,” Perry said. It’s just that humans are “used to communicating with faces.”

REMOTE CONTROL CARS

At German mobility startup Vay’s display, a driver was steering a car around a course marked with pylons. But the car was 1,800 kilometers (1,118 miles) away in Berlin.

The company’s technology enables cars to be driven by remote “tele-drivers.” So far, so standard.

The twist is in Vay’s business model, which is a cross between taxi service and car rental. When a user hails a ride, a tele-driver will steer one of its electric cars to the pickup point for the customer, who will take over the driving duties. At the destination, the car will be taken away by a remote driver. No need to park.

The company says it’s the first in Europe to be allowed to operate cars on public streets without a human driver inside. It has 20 certified tele-drivers so far and plans to launch the service soon in Germany and the U.S.

ADVERTISEMENT

“We’re talking, you know, hopefully months,” CEO Thomas von der Ohe said.

One of the main goals is to rid city streets of cars that are parked and not used for most of the day.

The service will be “a big step to start creating an alternative so people don’t buy the second car or the third car maybe in the near future,” von der Ohe said. “Also not the first car. ”

AUGMENTED REALITY EXPERIENCES

Software company Amdocs demonstrated AR technology that could be used for “next-generation immersive experiences” for both fans and security staff at big-ticket sports games.

For example, soccer fans attending a match in person could buy a package of extras for their AR glasses, including exclusive replay videos and live stats shown on their lenses to “augment” their game experience.

The same glasses also could be used as an extra tool for security staff at the game, with additional safety features including a security database.

In a simulation at MWC, guards were alerted to rowdy fans trying to climb the gates. A known soccer hooligan was flagged on the database, his face and details flashing up on the lenses.

Users, viewing the scene from the guard’s perspective, scanned the crowd as the glasses picked out faces before identifying the suspect so he could be apprehended — an unsettling display bordering on Orwellian.Taylor Jenkins Reid, author of the novel "Daisy Jones and the Six," poses for a portrait at the Four Seasons Hotel, Wednesday, Feb. 22, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Chris Pizzello)

Taylor Jenkins Reid, author of the novel "Daisy Jones and the Six," poses for a portrait at the Four Seasons Hotel, Wednesday, Feb. 22, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Chris Pizzello)

“I’m jealous you get to meet her,” an employee working behind the scenes at a recent press opportunity for “Daisy Jones & the Six” told some journalists.

The “her” in question was not Riley Keough, the star of the Amazon limited series, or any of the show’s other female stars. It was Taylor Jenkins Reid, the bestselling author behind a celebrity-infused, decades-spanning literary universe suffused with glitz and grit: “The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo,” “Daisy Jones,” “Malibu Rising” and “Carrie Soto is Back.”

“Daisy Jones,” debuting Friday on Prime Video, is the first Reid adaptation to hit the screen and others are in the works.

Reid and her husband, Alex, adapted an early book, “One True Loves,” which stars Phillipa Soo and Simu Liu and opens April 7. She’s also written a screenplay with her best friend, which Kay Cannon (“Pitch Perfect”) is slated to direct.

ADVERTISEMENT

Reid says she always knew she wanted to work in Hollywood and calls writing books “a happy accident.” She originally moved out to Los Angeles to work in casting but when she wrote her first novel, “Forever Interrupted,” she knew that was what she was meant to do.

“I found this piece of myself I never anticipated,” she says. Now, to have Hollywood come calling for her work, Reid says, is “really fun.”

Reid spoke with The Associated Press about the future of her book series, the intertwining threads and the status of that “Evelyn Hugo” adaptation. The transcript has been condensed for brevity.

AP: You’ve said that your most recent novel, “Carrie Soto is Back,” is the last in your series of books about celebrities. Is that true?

It’s not something that I come to easily. I ache to return to this world. I ache to return to each one of these books. I miss them when I’m done with them. And they never feel like they never feel over for me. It always feels like an opportunity to go back to them is so welcome.

But I have likened it a little bit to, you know, it’s senior year of high school and .. it’s important that we go expand and do other things and find new challenges. That is what I am planning to do. It is not because I’m ready to go as much as I just know it’s time.

ADVERTISEMENT

AP: The character of Mick Riva, a playboy, smooth-talking crooner shows up in each of those books. Why?

First and foremost, I write about women and I’m interested in women, but women are very affected by the decisions of men and a lot of time women are left holding the bag. When men make the decisions that they do, that they sort of escape unscathed. There are a lot of men in our culture who keep making pretty big mistakes, and it doesn’t stick to them, but there are women behind those men dealing with the consequences of those men’s actions.

While I do write about women, I wanted to put forth a man who gets away with it. I know people hate him. And I know when they see his name in books, they get mad. But I want you to be mad because there are many, many, many Mick Rivas in the world. I think we would all do well to look out and see if we can spot any of them, because they’re getting away with a lot and they’re allowing the women around them to be the one to pick up the pieces, whether it’s whether it’s Nina Riva or it’s Evelyn Hugo or it’s Daisy Jones at a party or it’s Javier Soto finally being the person who calls them out.

Not every man is Mick Riva, but there are a lot of Mick Rivas in the world.

ADVERTISEMENT

AP: Do you agree that there was a change in tone to your writing from “Evelyn Hugo” on? If so, was it intentional?

Absolutely. I’m not sure it was intentional as much as it was honestly not too similar to how I feel now with the end of “Carrie Soto.” It was just time. I want to tackle new and different things, and it’s really wonderful when you find this pocket of creativity where you feel like, “Oh, I can live in this space for a little while and I can tell a lot of stories here,” but I never want to stay at the party too long.

ADVERTISEMENT

AP: “The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo” blew up, in large part due to readers on TikTok posting about it. What was that experience like for you?

You probably heard about it before me, because what happened to me was I’m sitting at my computer. I get an email from my agent with the New York Times list, and she’s like, ”‘Evelyn Hugo’ just made The New York Times.” I yelled in my office and my husband comes rushing in ... and I’m like, “I must be misunderstanding this, right? Can you read this?”

The book had come out many, many years before and had not hit the list when it first came out. My husband read it and he’s like, “Nope, I think this is real. I think you’re understanding this.” It took us probably two weeks to figure out how it had happened. Everyone kept going, “What led to this bump?” And I’m like, “I don’t know.” Then my manager, Brad, he goes, “I think it was something called BookTok.” I was like, “What’s that?” And he started showing me that there were all these young women talking about “Evelyn Hugo” on TikTok. I felt very seen because I’m very, very proud of that book and to have it take off with readers, especially young women, just felt really good.

ADVERTISEMENT

AP: Netflix is adapting “Evelyn Hugo” into a film. Did you ever wonder how they’re going to fit a story of a woman who had seven husbands into a movie?

I did. Then I read the script and I’m not concerned, but I get it. I understand. It’s not dissimilar to the experience on “Daisy Jones.” You have to pick the right people and trust them. Liz Tigelaar, who wrote the script, is a phenomenal talent, and I said, “I don’t know how you’re going to do this. I think you need to condense the story.” And she said, “No, I don’t.” ... And then she turns in the script and I was like, “I was wrong. You were right. You got it.”

AP: Can you share where the casting process is at for “Evelyn Hugo”?

There is no news but I will say that who is going to play Evelyn Hugo and who might play Celia St. James are always on the forefront of my mind. There is no definitive answer (but) there’s just a short list of women that I am incredibly, incredibly excited about.

AP: During the height of the pandemic you also wrote a screenplay with your best friend Ashley — who was not a writer prior to this — sold it, and Kay Cannon will direct. Not everyone would take a chance like that.

I grew up with very little, and I have so much more than I ever dreamed. I never thought people would read my books at this rate. I never thought that Hollywood would come calling. I have been so blessed that if all I’m doing is taking that in and I’m not using that light to bounce it on others, I’m not sure why I’m doing this.Hate your signature? Try plastic surgery for autographs

NEW YORK (AP) — Doctors, lawyers, celebrities: There’s a new cosmetic surgery, of sorts, that has snared them all.

By that, we mean handing over money to hire a calligrapher for a fresh take on writing one’s own name in cursive. With a pen or another writing implement. On paper.

A corner of TikTok, Instagram and other social media is dedicated to signature design, and it’s keeping practitioners busy.

Priscilla Molina in Los Angeles does a minimum of 300 custom signatures a month, offering packages that include up to three ways to sign, limitless drafts or a new set of initials. She charges between $10 to $55, using the motto: “Where originality meets legacy.”

Molina said her Planet of Names clients include professionals and famous people in search of new ways to sign autographs, though her lips are sealed on the identities of high-profile signature seekers.

In general, Molina said, people come to her for signature makeovers for a simple reason: They’re tired of the way they sign their names.

“They’re not happy with their signatures. They don’t relate to who they are. They don’t give the message they want to convey to the world,” she said.

Molina and other signature doctors promise a range of styles. For Molina, that includes but is not limited to elegant, subtle, dramatic, sharp, classic, artistic, condensed, curvy, legible — or even illegible.

She and others offer templates and stencils, encouraging clients to practice their newfound John Hancocks, with results in a short couple of weeks if they put in the time.

John Hancock, for those light on U.S. history, was president of the Continental Congress and affixed his large and flamboyant signature to the Declaration of Independence when it was signed in 1776.

Fast forward to 2023, where — despite the rise of digital alternatives — signatures, to some, still matter.

Sonia Palamand in St. Louis, Missouri, began noodling with calligraphy in middle school. She drums up business on TikTok, charging $35 for three signatures while promoting herself in videos that have her designing free of charge for select commenters.

“It’s a way for people to reinvent themselves. The way that you present yourself on the outside can affect how you see yourself on the inside. I think with signatures, it’s adding some intentionality,” she said. “It’s also an artistic pursuit.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Artistic, for sure, but what happens when a client’s signature must be matched with a signature on file? Think voter rolls, passports, credit cards, health documents, wills, insurance or financial papers.

There’s the option of reverting to an old signature, of course, though some happy customers choose to update their worlds of signatures on file to match the new.

But are the new signatures somehow easier for fraudsters to replicate?

James Green, a certified document examiner who has testified in more than 140 legal cases around the world, went through the customer experience at one of the signature design companies. He paid for a package that included three options.

ADVERTISEMENT

“At this time, I can’t throw the signature design services under the bus,” he said. “However, the verdict is still out. If clients request a simplistic signature style or limit it to their initials, obviously, the opportunity for fraud increases.”

The company Green used, Signature Pro, provided a writing template to help him become more proficient in signing the new way. Green, in Eugene, Oregon, said the three samples “could not be easily simulated due to flourishes, spacing, height relationships” and other proportions.

Asked about copyright, Signature Pro told him the company doesn’t retain rights. Signature Pro charges $170 to $600 for a range of services, the priciest of which offers unlimited options, a signature for everyday use and another for special occasions.

In Miami, cargo pilot Juan Herrera decided to pursue a signature makeover after his wife gave him a $750 Montblanc pen and he realized “my signature looked like my daughter’s signature in fourth grade.”

He saw a post on Facebook from VipArtni Calligraphy Studio, and decided to dive in, paying about $99 for 10 signatures from which to choose.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I always felt that my signature was the same from high school without any style, and it was easy to copy,” Herrera said.

He received practice sheets and soon became proficient in the one he picked.

“I use it every day,” he said. “I also use it for legal documents.”

Yevgeniya Ruzanova, co-founder of VipArtni, said she and an old friend launched the company during the pandemic, providing fancy digital signatures at first before expanding their offerings. The company is a side gig for Ruzanova, who does social media for a sports academy in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

“It’s relaxing,” Ruzanova said of the calligraphy work. “I was looking for peace of mind.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Most of her customers are in the United States, though she and other companies do serve clients all over the world. Ruzanova, her business partner and a third set of hands create signatures for 30 to 70 clients a month, charging $99 to $129. Among their services is providing videos so clients can see their new signatures being drawn, stroke by stroke.

So how long does it take to reinvent your identity in ink?

“I would say some people get used to the new signature within three days if they practice 15 to 20 minutes a day,” Ruzanova said. “It all depends on how much effort they put into learning something new.”This combination of photos shows promotional art for Oscar nominees for best feature, top row from left, "All Quiet on the Western Front," "Avatar: The Way of Water," "The Banshees of Inisherin," "Elvis," "Everything Everywhere All at Once," bottom row from left, "The Fabelmans," "Tár," "Top Gun: Maverick," "Triangle of Sadness," and "Women Talking." (Netflix/Disney/Searchlight/Warner Bros./A24/Universal/Focus/Paramount/Neon/Orion-United Artists via AP)

This combination of photos shows promotional art for Oscar nominees for best feature, top row from left, "All Quiet on the Western Front," "Avatar: The Way of Water," "The Banshees of Inisherin," "Elvis," "Everything Everywhere All at Once," bottom row from left, "The Fabelmans," "Tár," "Top Gun: Maverick," "Triangle of Sadness," and "Women Talking." (Netflix/Disney/Searchlight/Warner Bros./A24/Universal/Focus/Paramount/Neon/Orion-United Artists via AP)

Replete with spellbinding multiverses, “Everything Everywhere All at Once” topped the 95th Academy Awards nominations with 11 nods. Elsewhere, stories of friendship and family permeated 2022 cinema and the nominations this year, as did big-budget blockbusters.

Some of the nominated films are still in theaters but many are also available online to stream now. Here’s where you can find many of the the movies vying for Oscar glory on March 12:

“EVERYTHING EVERYWHERE ALL AT ONCE”

11 nominations. Digital purchase.

The A24-produced indie “Everything Everywhere All at Once” has been a critical success and crowd-pleaser since it came out last spring. The film is nominated for best picture and Michelle Yeoh , Ke Huy Quan , Stephanie Hsu and Jamie Lee Curtis received nods for their performances. Yeoh, Quan and Hsu carry a mind-bending multiverse story about a Chinese American family’s disconnection and how they find each other again through the existence of other versions of themselves. The film is available for streaming on Paramount+ with a Showtime add-on.

ADVERTISEMENT

“THE BANSHEES OF INISHERIN”

Nine nominations. HBO Max .

Securing a best picture nomination and nods for Colin Farrell, Brendan Gleeson and Kerry Condon, “The Banshees of Inisherin” tells a tale of the ebbs and flows of the friendship between Farrell’s Pádraic and Gleeson’s Colm while highlighting haunting Irish landscapes. It can be streamed on HBO Max and rented on YouTube and Amazon .

“ALL QUIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT”

Nine nominations. Netflix .

“All Quiet on the Western Front,” an unflinching German-language adaptation of a classic antiwar novel about life and death in the World War I trenches, is nominated for best picture and a slew of other Oscars. The film is available to stream on Netflix.

“ELVIS”

Eight nominations. HBO Max .

In “Elvis,” Baz Luhrmann’s vision transforms the relatively unknown former child actor Austin Butler into the King . The unconventional biopic tells the life of Elvis Presley from the perspective of his former manager, Colonel Tom Parker, played by Tom Hanks. Butler snagged a best actor nomination and the film received a nod for best picture and director. The film is available to stream on HBO Max.

“THE FABELMANS”

Eight nominations. Digital rental.

Steven Spielberg’s most personal film yet documents the joys and ultimate perils that fragment the Fabelman family forever. In a love letter to film and his family, Spielberg allows viewers to see behind his passion for film and his search for the meaning of family and life. Spielberg is nominated for best director and his film is nominated for best picture, while Michelle Williams up for best actress . The film is available to rent and purchase on Apple TV , Youtube and Amazon.

“TÁR”

Seven nominations. Peacock .

Cate Blanchett plays a renowned conductor , Lydia Tár. As the titular character, she is cunning, talented and on too high of a pedestal to fall — but she does. “Tár,” which is nominated for best picture and best actress, deals with the dichotomy between power and art and takes on the culture wars dominating politics and popular discourse. It is available for rent and purchase on Amazon and Apple TV and is streaming exclusively on Peacock.

ADVERTISEMENT

“TOP GUN: MAVERICK”

Six nominations. Paramount+ .

Thirty-six years after the original “Top Gun,” “Top Gun: Maverick” is nominated for best picture. Tom Cruise reprises his role as “Maverick,” taking on a leadership and mentor role for supporting cast members Miles Teller and Glen Powell. “Top Gun: Maverick” is available on Paramount+ and Amazon .

“AVATAR: THE WAY OF WATER”

Four nominations. Still in theaters.

After a 13-year wait , “Avatar: The Way of Water” delves into the journey of original “Avatar” main character Jake Sully’s family through adversity and loss. Director James Cameron builds a spiritual and visually compelling world in this sequel that stars Sam Worthington and Zoe Saldaña. Nominated for best picture, the film is still in theaters and is not yet available for streaming.

ADVERTISEMENT

“TRIANGLE OF SADNESS”

Four nominations. Hulu .

Swedish filmmaker Ruben Östlund has created a prickly social satire examining race , wealth, social class and inequality and secured a best director nomination in the process. It stars the late Charlbi Dean and Harris Dickinson as a model/influencer couple who end up on a sponsored yacht trip with other wealthy guests. Chaos ensues when the yacht gets stuck in the middle of a storm and the guests end up on a deserted island. The film later focuses on maid-turned-ringleader Abigail, played by Dolly De Leon. The film is nominated for best picture and is available to rent on YouTube , Apple TV and Amazon.

“THE WHALE”

Three nominations. Digital purchase.

Brendan Fraser receives a best actor nod for his portrayal of Charlie, the 600-pound central character of “The Whale.” Charlie is a father, an English teacher and has terminal health issues that give him a life expectancy of a week. In that week, he attempts to bond with his estranged daughter. The film is based on and adapted from the off-Broadway play by Samuel D. Hunter and also earned a best supporting actress nod for Hong Chau. The film is available for purchase on Youtube and Amazon.

ADVERTISEMENT

“BABYLON”

Three nominations. Paramount+ .

From “La La Land” director Damien Chazelle comes a journey into 1920s Hollywood hedonism and a drug-fueled fever dream of the bygone cinematic era. The film stars Margot Robbie, Brad Pitt and newcomer Diego Calva in a three-hour story about filmmaking at a crucial time for American cinema. Earning only three below-the-line nominations, the film is available to stream on Paramount+.

“WOMEN TALKING”

Two nominations. Digital purchase.

Director Sarah Polley weaves the story of pervasive sexual assault plaguing the women in a Mennonite community. “Women Talking” is an adaptation of a 2018 book by Miriam Toews. It stars Claire Foy, Rooney Mara and Frances McDormand. The best picture nominee is available for digital purchase on Youtube.

“BLACK PANTHER: WAKANDA FOREVER”

Best supporting actress nominee. Disney+ .

Angela Bassett has been nominated for best supporting actress in “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever,” a superhero movie made in the wake of the death of Chadwick Boseman. She becomes the first actor nominated for a Marvel role. Director Ryan Coogler’s film allows the audience to grieve the character T’Challa and Boseman. The film is also still in theaters and available to stream on Disney+.

ADVERTISEMENT

“CAUSEWAY”

Best supporting actor nominee. Apple TV+ .

Brian Tyree Henry snags a best supporting actor nod in “Causeway,” an Apple TV+ drama starring Oscar winner Jennifer Lawrence. The film homes in on the relationship between a military engineer (Lawrence) recovering from the effects of a severe brain injury and an auto repair shop mechanic (Henry) living with the guilt and the physical aftereffects of a car accident. The film is available to stream on Apple TV+.

“BLONDE”

Best actress nominee. Netflix .

Ana de Armas receives her first nod for best actress for her portrayal of Marilyn Monroe in the adaption of Joyce Carol Oates’ novel, “Blonde.” The film is not quite a biopic of the late movie star’s life; it is more of a bruising narrative told from the perspective of director Andrew Dominik. The film is available to stream on Netflix.

“GLASS ONION: A KNIVES OUT MYSTERY”

Best adapted screenplay nominee. Netflix .

The sequel to director Rian Johnson’s “Knives Out,” “Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery” features the return of Daniel Craig’s southern twang-heavy detective Benoit Blanc. The twisty whodunit does what the original did best: allow problematic and murderous rich people to measure their egos and decipher which one is a killer. The film is available to stream on Netflix.

“AFTERSUN”

Best actor nominee. Digital rental.

Writer-director Charlotte Wells illustrates the bond between a father/daughter duo portrayed by first-time Oscar nominee Paul Mescal and Frankie Corio. “Aftersun” touches on the pivotal moments in an adolescent life when the world feels so big but childlike wonder starts to fade when the reality of life peeks through the cracks. “Aftersun” is a dreamy, heartwrenching debut from Wells. The film is available for rent on Amazon and YouTube .

“GUILLERMO DEL TORO’S PINOCCHIO”

Best animated film nominee. Netflix .

The decades-old child’s tale “Pinocchio” gets retold through the lens of Guillermo Del Toro’s dark mind. This is not the Disney version of “Pinocchio” — in Del Toro’s still musical version, themes of fascism are explored. The cast includes Christoph Waltz, Cate Blanchett, Tilda Swinton and Ewan McGregor and it is nominated for best animated film. The film is available to stream on Netflix.

“EO”

Best international feature nominee. Digital rental.

“EO” is the story of a circus donkey who is taken from his owner and begins a long, spiritual journey through the modern Polish and Italian countrysides, encountering humans both kind and cruel. It is a love letter to animals, directed by Jerzy Skolimowski. “EO” is available to rent on Apple TV and Vudu.

“ARGENTINA, 1985”

Best international feature nominee. Amazon Prime Video .

“Argentina, 1985” establishes the 1985 Trial of the Juntas, a historic moment for Argentina that helped launch the country’s democratic future after seven years of military dictatorship. Director Santiago Mitre shaped the classic political thriller into a story about preserving history and the years it takes to receive justice. The film is available to stream on Amazon.

“ALL THE BEAUTY AND THE BLOODSHED”

Best documentary feature nominee. Still only in limited theaters.

American photographer Nan Goldin’s life’s work is told throughout “All the Beauty and the Bloodshed,” and it’s not just about photography. Directed by Laura Poitras, this documentary dives into Goldin’s political activism and how the sticky web of the Sackler family’s philanthropic interests in the art world intersected with their pharmaceutical company Purdue Pharma, which has faced a barrage of lawsuits alleging that it helped spark an opioid addiction and overdose crisis. The film is nominated for best documentary feature. It is still in limited theaters and is not yet available for streaming.

“MARCEL THE SHELL WITH SHOES ON”

Best animated film nominee. Digital purchase.

“Marcel the Shell With Shoes On,” is a feature-length, stop-motion animation film based on the YouTube shorts made by Jenny Slate, who voices Marcel in a high-pitched octave, and director Dean Fleischer Camp. The experience of being small, cute and unassuming is the heart of the film about a mollusk. The film is available to purchase on Amazon,Apple TV and Youtube and is available to stream on Paramount+ and Hulu for those who have a Showtime subscription.

“TURNING RED”

Best animated film nominee. Disney+ .

“Turning Red” is the first Pixar movie directed solely by a woman. Helmed by Domee Shi, who also made the Oscar-winning short “Bao,” the animated film is a coming-of-age tale about a Chinese Canadian eighth-grader who turns into a big, fluffy red panda — a walking metaphor for growing young womanhood. The film is nominated for best animated film. “Turning Red” is available to stream on Disney+.

“RRR”

Best original song. Netflix .

S.S. Rajamouli’s three-hour maximalist action epic “RRR” is one of India’s most expensive — and top-grossing — films of all time. It pairs two of Tollywood’s biggest stars, N.T. Rama Rao Jr. and Ram Charan, as revolutionaries fighting against the British colonialists in 1920. The film, nominated for best song, topped Netflix’s streaming charts over the summer and is still available to watch there.

___

For more on this year’s Oscars, visit: http://www.apnews.com/academy-awardsTwo bars of the Toblerone Swiss chocolate are shown, at front is the new style 150 gram bar showing the reduction in triangular pieces, in the background is the older style 360 gram bar, pictured in London, on Nov. 8, 2016. The makers of Toblerone are stripping images of Switzerland's famed Matterhorn and the Swiss flag from the packaging of the milk-chocolate treat to comply with “Swissness” legislation, largely because some of its production is being outsourced to Slovakia. Mondelez International of Deerfield, Illinois, which owns the Swiss-born brand, said Monday March 6, 2023, it's in the process of adapting the packaging of Toblerone products to conform with Swiss law. (AP Photo/Alastair Grant, File)

Two bars of the Toblerone Swiss chocolate are shown, at front is the new style 150 gram bar showing the reduction in triangular pieces, in the background is the older style 360 gram bar, pictured in London, on Nov. 8, 2016. The makers of Toblerone are stripping images of Switzerland's famed Matterhorn and the Swiss flag from the packaging of the milk-chocolate treat to comply with “Swissness” legislation, largely because some of its production is being outsourced to Slovakia. Mondelez International of Deerfield, Illinois, which owns the Swiss-born brand, said Monday March 6, 2023, it's in the process of adapting the packaging of Toblerone products to conform with Swiss law. (AP Photo/Alastair Grant, File)

GENEVA (AP) — The makers of Toblerone are stripping images of Switzerland’s famed Matterhorn and the Swiss flag from the packaging of the milk-chocolate treat as they move some production to Slovakia.

Mondelez International of Deerfield, Illinois, which owns the Swiss-born brand, said Monday that it’s in the process of adapting the packaging of Toblerone products to conform with strict rules in Switzerland about how products qualify for the coveted “Swissness” moniker — perceived by some as a standard of quality.

“The redesign of the packaging introduces a modernized and streamlined mountain logo that is consistent with the geometric and triangular aesthetic,” Mondelez spokeswoman Livia Kolmitz said in an email.

In June, the company announced plans to outsource production of some Toblerone chocolates later this year to Bratislava, the Slovak capital — where wages and the cost of living are far lower than in wealthy, expensive Switzerland.

ADVERTISEMENT

The packaging change affects 35- and 50-gram (1.2- to 1.8-ounce) bars that will be made in Slovakia: Larger, 100-gram “tablets” will still be produced in Bern, the Swiss capital, the company says.

A law on “Swissness” of products was adopted in 2017 and aims to protect the cachet of Swiss manufacturing. When it comes to foods, two criteria have to be met: At least four-fifths of the raw materials that go into the product have to come from Switzerland, and the processing that gives a product its “essential characteristics” must be carried out in Switzerland.

The chocolate bar, made of honey and almond nougat, is distinctive for its triangular “peak” shape that evokes a mountain range and matching triangular packaging — sold in scores of countries and duty-free shops around the globe.

Toblerone has already been produced in other countries — notably late into the last century. The treat was invented 115 years ago by Swiss confectioner Theodor Tobler, with the brand name a fusion of the family name and the Italian word “torrone” — nougat.

Mondelez has already run into blowback from its changes to Toblerone in the past: A move years ago to widen the gaps between the chocolate peaks — reducing the weight of the bars but keeping the price the same, known as “shrinkflation” — fanned outrage in Britain, where the change mostly took effect.The view from above the Oscars: The slap, the snafu, Spike

FILE - "La La Land" producer Jordan Horowitz, left, presenter Warren Beatty, center, and host Jimmy Kimmel right, look at an envelope announcing "Moonlight" as best picture at the Oscars on Sunday, Feb. 26, 2017, in Los Angeles. It was originally announced mistakenly that "La La Land" was the winner. (Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP, File)

FILE - "La La Land" producer Jordan Horowitz, left, presenter Warren Beatty, center, and host Jimmy Kimmel right, look at an envelope announcing "Moonlight" as best picture at the Oscars on Sunday, Feb. 26, 2017, in Los Angeles. It was originally announced mistakenly that "La La Land" was the winner. (Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP, File)

LOS ANGELES (AP) — I was the man in the box at the Oscars for The Associated Press.

I would stand in an opera-style balcony near the stage at the Dolby Theatre that provides a great view of the show but an even better view of the audience. I’d peer down with binoculars to provide what journalists call “color,” sprinkled into our stories as we seek to give readers a behind-the-scenes glimpse.

Hours before the telecast, an academy official with a black-belt-level credential would take me on a labyrinthine walk down hallways, through black curtains and over velvet ropes, past the Foot Locker and Sephora that make parts of the complex indistinguishable from a suburban mall, and into the box that I shared with the show’s technical crew members.

This year, the ceremony’s logistical layout will force me to work outside the box: in the media room, with the rest of the Oscars press corps. The food will be better than the nothing I normally get, but I’ll miss the box — where else could I have seen the following moments?

ADVERTISEMENT

A DISASTROUS DEBUT

The fiasco came in my first year.

It was 2017, my first time inside the Academy Awards . I was gazing down on the audience. Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway had just announced “La La Land” as best picture.

ADVERTISEMENT

The alleged winners’ celebration soon turned to murmurs of confusion. I’m not sure anyone had ever seen as many stunned famous faces as I was suddenly looking down on after the true victory of “ Moonlight ” was revealed. The mouths of Meryl Streep, Matt Damon and Michelle Williams were all varying degrees of agape. Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson had on a crooked expression that, in his wrestling days, he called “the people’s eyebrow.”

“I will never see anything this crazy again if I do this for 20 years,” I thought to myself. Turned out it only took five.

BIG LITTLE DETAILS

Big moments are not generally my job. I deal in details.

From the box, I got to see who the first famous folks seated are: generally, older actors with either no need or no desire to be part of the red carpet scrum. One year it was Jane Fonda, amid a sea of empty seats. I saw an 88-year-old Christopher Plummer , the oldest-ever nominee at that point in 2018, take his spot over an hour before the last-minute scramble that accompanies the telecast’s start.

I got to see how truly long the walk from the theater’s back is for the non-famous. One year, I could hear the shouts of glee from the proud mother of a victorious sound editor, though I could barely see her even through binoculars.

Trips to the bathroom, which require the accompaniment of a show staffer and a climb past a guy who runs a big crane camera, are their own adventure, with hopes — sometimes realized — that I might end up standing silently next to the likes of Denzel Washington.

In 2017, I saw Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel passing a flask to the people in their row, clearly having the best time in the room. When Timberlake gave his show-opening performance of “Can’t Stop the Feeling,” Javier Bardem was the only one wholeheartedly dancing the entire time.

A SPIKE STORM

The crowd at the Oscars does an excellent job of playing the role of “audience.” They hit every unspoken applause cue. They rise in surprising synchrony for standing ovations. They know to stay quiet. They get back to their seats before the cameras roll.

The best audience member to watch, from my perspective, is Spike Lee. For one, he always dresses distinctively, making him easy to spot in a sea of black tuxedos that — from my perch — can make it hard to immediately tell a Brad from a Leo. And he is just as animated as when he sits courtside at New York Knicks games.

In 2019, Lee — clad in a purple suit — won his first competitive Oscar, for writing “Black KkKlansman.” His movie was also up for best picture, against the late-surging “Green Book,” a film that to Lee and many others had an archaic, simplistic take on race relations.

When “Green Book” was announced as the winner, Lee gave the kind of “the hell with this” gesture with his arms he often gives NBA referees, stormed out of his seat and headed for the back doors. With all eyes on the stage, and few others with my view, it went unnoticed by almost all others. It was the closest thing to a scoop the box has given me, and my tweet describing it was my most popular ever, by a mile.

ADVERTISEMENT

THE SLAP AND THE SHOUTS

Five years in came the slap. Full disclosure: I did not see, with my naked eyes, Will Smith strike Chris Rock .

Tasked with pounding out a quick story, I was sitting down typing when I saw, on one of the crew monitors, Smith stride up on stage and take his swing.

In retrospect, this was a huge moment — but when it happened, few could tell it wasn’t a planned bit. The audience laughter was nervous, but laughter there was. Still, I leapt up and paid attention. The titters remained even after Smith shouted for Rock to keep Jada Pinkett Smith’s name out of his mouth.

It was only the second time Smith said it, louder and emphasizing each word — “MY. WIFE’S. NAME.” — that it became clear this was no joke. A stunned silence fell. It reminded me of being in a classroom when the students realize that the fun teacher really is mad this time.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Academy recently apologized for not taking swifter action with Smith . They weren’t alone in not knowing how to respond. We journalists had to decide how to treat it. Was this a side story, or THE story? There was no template.

Two other AP reporters were in regular audience seats and I was glad. The vibes were too heavy for one person to weigh. A surreal pall hung over the rest of the night, with most assuming that Smith was likely to soon win best actor.

I kept my binoculars on the front row, where Smith sat . Bradley Cooper and Tyler Perry came up to Smith during breaks, as if counseling him. Both hugged him. So did Denzel Washington, who kept him in a long embrace, whispering to him throughout.

During his tear-streaked acceptance speech minutes later, Smith said Washington had told him: “At your highest moment, be careful, that’s when the devil comes for you.”

I’m hoping I can return to my own high point in the theater next year. I’ll keep an eye out for the devil.

___

Follow AP Entertainment Writer Andrew Dalton on Twitter: https://twitter.com/andyjamesdalton

___

For more coverage of this year’s Academy Awards, visit: https://apnews.com/hub/academy-awardsWest Virginia University students El Didden, Bri Caison and Lia Farrell hold materials from the Rainbow Coats on Wednesday, March 8, 2023, in Morgantown, W.Va. (AP Photo/Kathleen Batten)

West Virginia University students El Didden, Bri Caison and Lia Farrell hold materials from the Rainbow Coats on Wednesday, March 8, 2023, in Morgantown, W.Va. (AP Photo/Kathleen Batten)

MORGANTOWN, W.Va. (AP) — The tiny clinic where physicians prescribe hormones and other medications to transgender teenagers shares the same campus where West Virginia kids travel to receive treatments for rare cancer, heart surgery and other health care difficult to get anywhere else.

In a rural state purported to have the highest number of transgender youths per capita and some of the nation’s worst health outcomes, West Virginia University Medicine doctors say transgender health care is just as essential as the other lifesaving services they provide.

But it could soon be banned. Ignoring doctors’ pleas, lawmakers are preparing to vote this week on a bill that would outlaw certain health care for transgender minors, including hormone therapy and fully reversible medication that suspends the physical changes of puberty, buying patients and parents time to make future decisions about hormones.

ADVERTISEMENT

“There’s a lot of anxiety and fear in our exam rooms right now,” said Dr. Kacie Kidd, medical director of WVU Medicine Children’s Adolescent Gender and Sexual Development Clinic.

State lawmakers and West Virginia’s largest health care provider are at odds over how and when to treat adolescents with gender dysphoria — the severe psychological distress experienced by those whose gender identity differs from their sex assigned at birth.

WVU’s classification among the highest level of American research universities is often lauded by the same state leaders who have been unwilling to listen to experts when it comes to gender-affirming care. During a meeting last week at which Kidd testified before lawmakers, Senate Finance chair Eric Tarr described the treatments as “child abuse.”

“I was caught off guard to see that WVU Medicine has a clinic to change the sex of children in West Virginia,” the Republican said, leading a charge to reject amendments that would have allowed some care to continue. Two physicians on the committee — both Republicans — expressed concern, saying “medically uneducated” people shouldn’t be making such decisions.

Lawmakers in West Virginia and other states advancing similar legislation often characterize gender-affirming treatments as medically unproven, potentially dangerous in the long term and a symptom of “woke” culture.

ADVERTISEMENT

Yet every major medical organization, including the American Medical Association, the American Academy of Pediatrics and the American Psychiatric Association, supports gender-affirming care for youths.

The legislation in West Virginia also includes a ban on gender-affirming surgery for minors, something medical professionals emphasize does not happen in the state.

Lia Farrell, a WVU medical student from New York, said it was clear to her that lawmakers have “no idea what providing this care actually entails.”

“It’s really cutting off your nose to spite your face,” she said. “This isn’t going to accomplish anything except harming people and preventing us from doing our jobs.”

Opened in 2021, WVU Medicine Children’s Adolescent Gender and Sexual Development Clinic looks like any other health care setting — animal-shaped stickers cover the walls, examination rooms, machines to check blood pressure and heart rates. But providers wear lanyards with colorful buttons displaying pronouns and jackets decorated with a rainbow heart and stethoscope — something Kidd calls “visible reminders” of support.

ADVERTISEMENT

Some families travel for hours on mountain roads to meet with providers, including therapists. While they talk, young people draw to calm their nerves. Kidd has several patients’ creations displayed in her workspace, including one favorite, a unicorn.

A West Virginia native, Kidd was training to be a pediatrician at WVU when she began meeting transgender kids hospitalized after suicide attempts.

Patients have described gender dysphoria to her as a profound, deeply rooted frustration — even sometimes anger — that the person in the mirror “isn’t who they are.”

“I’ve had young people tell me that they can’t imagine a future where they can be happy,” she said. “That’s one of the most heartbreaking things I ever hear.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Dakota Kai, 17, spent childhood in and out of psychiatric care because of depression and anxiety related to gender dysphoria.

Kai said the testosterone gel they apply to their shoulders, which has caused their voice to deepen and facial hair to sprout, has saved their life.

“It’s literally going to kill people if they can’t access this care,” Kai said. “It’s difficult to try to exist in a place where it’s threatening just being yourself.”

Kai is now planning to start college this year and eventually become a cardiovascular surgeon.

Kai’s mother, Sherry, said she was apprehensive at first about hormone therapy. But after conversations with providers, she and her child confidently decided to pursue it and have no regrets. Transgender minors can’t begin medical interventions without parental consent.

“The amount of ignorance about the subject is honestly astounding,” she said. “Watching our society respond with such emotional fervor about something that they obviously logically don’t understand is terrifying.”

ADVERTISEMENT

She said nothing about the care is pushed on patients, “lightly talked about or treated as if it’s no big deal.”

“They are not trying to play God,” Sherry said. “They’re out there trying to perform a service of helping people, and because of science and because of time and because of studying the concept of being trans are able to say, ‘This is not fictitious or just a whim. This is a scientific, medical fact.’”

As the ban advances through the Legislature, Kidd’s staff works late in the clinic, leaving long after dark to fit in appointments with frantic families.

“It is heartbreaking,” Kidd said, “to have to tell young people and families that we can’t provide the care that they need.”

This week, providers saw a 12-year-old patient, a transgender girl whose relatives said they’d known her identity since she was 3. She expressed distress about her voice deepening or growing hair on her underarms and face — concern about her body betraying her, of not being seen for who she is.

They talked through options, which included puberty-blocking medication lawmakers seek to ban — a fully reversible pause on puberty that provides significant relief for dysphoria.

Another was a 16-year-old patient who was hospitalized for the most recent time last year. When he came in, he couldn’t speak at all. His parents were terrified.

But on this visit, he chattered happily about a new pet and a video game he couldn’t put down.

“It’s such a joy, a year later for this particular patient, for this conversation to be profoundly different,” Kidd said.

Other children talked with therapists about anxiety over a school dance or asked for help on plans to talk to relatives about their gender identity. No medical interventions are provided to patients before the age of puberty.

El Didden, a WVU medical student who worked in the clinic as a researcher, said the providers are role models for “going above and beyond and acting like it’s the bare minimum.”

Didden, who is transgender, started hormone therapy the summer before starting medical school, when only a Planned Parenthood clinic was offering the service in the state. It inspires Didden as a future physician to see compassionate health care for people “who don’t normally get that level of respect and care.”

Kidd’s catchphrase for the clinic is “happy, healthy, thriving.” Didden wishes lawmakers understood.

“They think that in the choice between having a trans kid and having a dead kid, they prefer to have a dead kid,” Didden said, something that is “just existentially horrifying to think about.”Covering technology and innovation in Europe and beyond.

Metaverse in spotlight at MWC tech fair even as doubts arise

Visitors test a SK Telecom VR flight simulator during the Mobile World Congress 2023 in Barcelona, Spain, Monday, Feb. 27, 2023. The four-day show kicks off Monday in a vast Barcelona conference center. It's the world's biggest and most influential meeting for the mobile tech industry. (AP Photo/Joan Mateu Parra)

Visitors test a SK Telecom VR flight simulator during the Mobile World Congress 2023 in Barcelona, Spain, Monday, Feb. 27, 2023. The four-day show kicks off Monday in a vast Barcelona conference center. It's the world's biggest and most influential meeting for the mobile tech industry. (AP Photo/Joan Mateu Parra)

BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — I climbed into the front seat of the air taxi, buckled the seat belt and braced as the aircraft lifted off. The futuristic cityscape of Busan, South Korea, dropped away, and a digital avatar popped up on the windscreen with a message.

I couldn’t answer as a wave of motion sickness hit me. The virtual reality goggles combined with motion-simulating seats pitching back and forth and side to side made it feel like I was actually hovering and maneuvering in the air. They also made me so nauseous I had to close my eyes for the rest of the three-minute journey.

Welcome to the metaverse — sort of.

South Korean company SK Telecom’s air taxi mockup was one of the eye-catching demonstrations at MWC , or Mobile World Congress, the world’s biggest telecom industry trade show . Tech companies and wireless carriers at this week’s expo in Barcelona displayed advancements to connect people and businesses online, increasingly in new virtual reality worlds dubbed the metaverse.

ADVERTISEMENT

Visitor Mark Varahona also felt woozy after trying the flight experience but is still considering buying a virtual reality headset, the hardware needed to enter any immersive digital universe.

“I was thinking to buy it before coming here. And maybe now I will buy them,” he said. “They look quite nice.”

The metaverse exploded in popularity after Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg in late 2021 pronounced it the next big thing for the internet, renaming his social media empire and socking tens of billions into the idea.

He portrayed it as 3D community where people can meet, work and play — doing everything from trying on digital clothes, holding a virtual meeting or taking a trip online.

But doubts about the viability of the metaverse have been creeping in as the initial hype wears off. Sales of virtual reality headsets in the U.S. slipped 2% by December from the previous year, according to NPD Research. Reality Labs, which makes Meta Quest headsets, posted an operating loss of $13.7 billion in 2022.

Meta has said it plans to hire 10,000 engineers in Europe to work on the metaverse. When asked for an update, the company said, “Our expansion in Europe was always a long-term one planned over a number of years. We remain committed to Europe.”

ADVERTISEMENT

The “metaverse has not gone away,” said Ben Wood, principal analyst at CCS Insight. “But I think there’s a lot more skepticism about what role it’s going to play, particularly in the consumer domain beyond the obvious areas of things like gaming.”

The definition of the metaverse has been hard to pin down, adding to the skepticism . It is not the same as virtual reality and its cousin, augmented reality, said Tuong Nguyen, a Gartner analyst specializing in emerging technologies.

“So AR and VR very closely related to the metaverse in the same way that computers are related to the Internet,” he said. “Think of it instead as evolution of the Internet, which changes the way that we interact with the world.”

So how should SK Telecom’s flight simulator be defined?

ADVERTISEMENT

“Technically, it’s not metaverse, but kind of metaverse,” said Ken Wohn, a company manager.

South Korea’s biggest telecom provider teamed up last year with California’s Joby Aviation to develop an electric air taxi service to the country.

One day the air taxis might operate autonomously, using high-speed 5G wireless connections, Wohn said.

It was a different experience at French wireless company Orange’s metaverse demonstration , where users were transported to a futuristic neon-hued technoscape with lightning bolts, giant robots and a falcon carrying a green orb in its talons.

A dancing figure appeared, representing the movements of a real-life dancer wearing motion-capture gear. It was a dazzling display, though what consumer purpose it had was not immediately clear.

Miguel Angel Almonacid, Orange’s network strategy director for Spain, said it demonstrates how new 5G networks will eliminate lag for metaverse users watching something happening far away.

The metaverse might be more suited to practical purposes in the workplace, analysts said.

ADVERTISEMENT

“That’s where we’ll see traction first because the barriers aren’t as high,” said Gartner’s Nguyen. For example, a worker could use augmented reality glasses to pull up diagnostics or an instruction manual.

Spanish startup La Frontera uses the metaverse to provide virtual meetings with “realistic avatars,” Marta Ortiz, a business development executive, said as she guided me through the company’s metaverse.

We arrived first on a beach, with boulders, palm trees and a light blue sea. Her avatar appeared, a head and shoulders with disembodied hands hovering in front of her chest. We entered a nearby conference room with a boardroom table, where I used handheld controllers to pick up 3D objects like a toy ray gun and a bottle of Champagne.

Other metaverse applications include training for risky, repetitive or highly detailed procedures, like surgery.

The beach disappeared, replaced by an overturned tanker truck on fire. A fire extinguisher hung in midair. Ortiz told me to grab it with my virtual hand and spray it at the flames, which started to die down.

ADVERTISEMENT

The virtual world also could be useful for showcasing products too big to move easily, like private jets.

Or they could be too small for humans.

The scene changed to a sci-fi setting, with crimson walls rising up around us, representing the inside of a blood vessel. Reddish-brown doughnut-shaped blood cells floated past, followed by spiky orbs. The blood vessel’s wall opened up, exposing pulsing white streaks on a blue background, depicting neurons in a brain.

La Frontera works with pharmaceutical companies to “show how a drug works in the body at a cellular level,” Ortiz said. In this case, it was a medicine to treat multiple sclerosis, which attacks brain neurons.The Lenten fish fry is a popular tradition in many Catholic communities. In Pittsburgh, people have a modern tool to find their fish fix, an interactive map created by volunteer coders aimed at fostering community engagement. (March 3) (AP Video: Jessie Wardarski)

The Lenten fish fry is a popular tradition in many Catholic communities. In Pittsburgh, people have a modern tool to find their fish fix, an interactive map created by volunteer coders aimed at fostering community engagement. (March 3) (AP Video: Jessie Wardarski)

WEXFORD, Pa. (AP) — By the time the doors open at 4:30 p.m., a boisterous line of 50 hungry people is looping around the gymnasium foyer at Blessed Francis Seelos Academy. Their objective: to occupy tables on the basketball court and, for the parish’s first time since the pandemic descended in 2020, sit down for an old-fashioned Lenten fish fry.

Many patrons are members of the flock — St. Aidan Catholic Parish north of Pittsburgh — and greet each other as longtime friends. But these days, newcomers figure in the mix, too. And some arrive in a way that unites two rich seams of western Pennsylvania culture — tradition and innovation.

The fish fry, a long-established Friday staple during Lent, is roaring back from COVID with an assist from something decidedly newfangled: an interactive map built by local volunteer coders that points the way to scores of churches, fire halls and other places that offer battered and breaded seafood for the taking. In the process, the new Pittsburgh is helping point the way to the old.

“I like to think that this project helps people get excited about these very old cultural and culinary traditions,” says Hollen Barmer, a Tennessee transplant who came to Pittsburgh two decades ago and started the map in 2012 for her fish-fry-loving self.

“Fish fries,” Barmer likes to say, “are an adventure.”

ADVERTISEMENT

TWO PARTS OF PITTSBURGH

At this moment in its history, Pittsburgh is working to blend its fabled industrial yesterdays with a 21st-century economy based increasingly on services and innovation — something the map project reflects.

“Allowing people to interact with something traditional through technology, it adds an element to it that appeals to a different group of people,” says Ellie Newman, a member and the former leader of the nonprofit Code for Pittsburgh , which works with Barmer to operate the map.

During Lent, thousands of western Pennsylvanians — Catholic and non-Catholic alike — stream into Friday afternoon fish fries. Some pick up for takeout. Some chow down right there — fish and shrimp, fries and cole slaw and mac and cheese, sometimes pierogies or a local noodle-and-cabbage delicacy called haluski.

Western Pennsylvania loves the past, but the fish fry itself is steered by some very modern forces.

Long a tradition in American cities with Catholic communities, particularly around the Great Lakes, fish fries surged in popularity after the Second Vatican Council essentially told the faithful in 1966 that the practice of not eating meat on Fridays was optional — except during Lent, the period between Ash Wednesday and Easter. That made February to April a concentrated period of fish consumption.

Then came the steel industry’s foundering in the 1970s and 1980s. That upended the region, stole elements of civic pride and whipped up a fervor for traditions that shouted, loudly, “Pittsburgh!”

“There was a sense of destabilization — of `Who are we?′ And people tended to center around things that symbolized the community,” says Leslie Przybylek, senior curator at the Heinz History Center in Pittsburgh.

ADVERTISEMENT

Food touchstones like fish fries, pierogies and the “ cookie table ” — a western Pennsylvania wedding staple — became signifiers of identity. At the same time, technological advances in frozen food and the growth of fast food were making fish more accessible. The longtime presence of powerhouse regional fish distributor Robert Wholey & Co. also honed local tastes.

“People in Pennsylvania are used to good fish,” says Bill Yanicko, a funeral director in suburban West Deer Township who runs the community fish fry at Our Lady of the Lakes Parish. “They really don’t want to see a cookie-cutter triangle fish.”

Overlay all that with a robust interactive map (and pent-up pandemic energy) and you have a potent mix that helps people in western Pennsylvania overcome the geographic hesitations of the region’s hills and valleys, and go out searching for fish.

“Putting it in a digital frame and encouraging people to engage with it, it adds a level of vocabulary to it that makes a difference,” says Przybylek, who favors the fry at the Swissvale Fire Department, just outside the city. “Different generations engage in stories in different ways. It literally takes a food tradition and puts it into a platform that speaks to them on a different level.”

ADVERTISEMENT

MAPPING DELICIOUSNESS

Today, while churches remain a mainstay of Lenten fish fries, fire departments give them a run for their money — of which there is lots at play. Both entities use fish fries as volunteer-staffed fundraisers to offset budget challenges, and each works hard to stand out. “It takes a little army to make this happen,” says Keith Young, a retired businessman who helps with the St. Aidan fry.

Code for Pittsburgh, a group designed to create places where “civics and technology meet,” is all-volunteer as well. Its varied projects include a food access map of Pittsburgh and a cartographic catalog that helps track vehicle-pedestrian accidents.

The volunteer coding sessions held to build the fish-fry map are — how to say it? — fish-forward. Swedish Fish candies are set out. Bowls of Goldfish crackers are distributed. Radiohead’s “Weird Fishes/Arpeggi” plays.

“It’s kind of the perfect marriage of things — a team of super-nerdy people who know all about maps and know all about coding, and fish fries, which are just so Pittsburgh,” Newman says. “I don’t know of any other city that has this kind of obsession. ... As soon as people in the group heard about it, they were instantly hooked on it.”

Pittsburgh’s growing reputation as an innovation hub — with companies from Google to Uber establishing beachheads here — is sometimes cast as recent. But innovation lies at the heart of the region’s history. The steel industry that built it into an industrial powerhouse was a cutting-edge transformation of its day, and advances ranging from early movies to the polio vaccine have roots here.

ADVERTISEMENT

David Schorr, an IT analyst from the Pittsburgh suburb of West Mifflin, is known locally as “ The Codfather ” for his very public affinity to — and experience with — fish fries. He knows where to go for everything — including the places to secure, as he puts it, “handmade pierogies personally pinched by church ladies.” The interactive map, he says, opens myriad possibilities of fish-fry forays.

“It makes it a treasure hunt: `Oh — let’s go to that neighborhood,’” Schorr says. “They go, ‘Oh, look, this one’s on my way home from work.’ Or `I have to go visit Aunt Edna and we’ll be driving right by it.’ Or, `Oh, they have sauerkraut soup.′ Or, `I don’t like pollock. This one has cod. I’m going there.’”

The map, Barmer and Newman say, is designed to do precisely that — turn the western Pennsylvania fish-fry culture into an adventure stamped onto the landscape that fosters community engagement and understanding for natives and newcomers alike.

“As things become more globalized and cities tend to look more and more the same, there’s something appealing about coming to a place like Pittsburgh that still has things like this that have very deep roots in the community,” Newman says. “Things may change around you every year, but you know that every year you can go to your same church basement or fire hall and get that fish sandwich.”

___

Ted Anthony, director of new storytelling and newsroom innovation at The Associated Press, has been writing about American culture since 1990. Follow him on Twitter at http://twitter.com/anthonyted

ADVERTISEMENT

___

Associated Press religion coverage receives support through the AP’s collaboration with The Conversation US, with funding from Lilly Endowment Inc. The AP is solely responsible for this content.Models wear creations as part of the Issey Miyake Fall/Winter 2023-2024 ready-to-wear collection presented Friday, March 3, 2023 in Paris. (Vianney Le Caer/Invision/AP)

Models wear creations as part of the Issey Miyake Fall/Winter 2023-2024 ready-to-wear collection presented Friday, March 3, 2023 in Paris. (Vianney Le Caer/Invision/AP)

PARIS (AP) — Fragile half-ton cubes of colored confetti lay on Loewe’s white runway at Paris Fashion Week. Ushers desperately tried to guide guests including Jamie Dornan, Naomi Campbell and Catherine O’Hara around the blocks fearing the decor would disintegrate at the slightest brush. Sometimes, it partially did.

The highly creative show itself by Jonathan Anderson – that used feathers, and satins and velvet — continued the theme of reduction and ephemeral impressions.

Here are some highlights of Friday’s fall-winter 2023-2024 ready-to-wear shows in Paris.

LOEWE IS SUBLIME

For fall, the brand’s lauded Northern Irish designer continued his exploration of pared-down and reductive styles — where a single garment often comprised the entire look.

Loewe described it as “an idea of elementality: one piece, and that’s it, reduced to the bluntest shape possible.”

The touchstone of the Old Master painters, as seen in Anderson’s men’s collection, was felt here again with collapsed leather Renaissance boots and use of satin, silk duchesse, velvet, crystals and feather.

ADVERTISEMENT

The pastel-rich collection’s feathered pieces were the most original: The plumes were unusually wide and placed across garments like a shell. They came as a downy covering on a buttery white top with some feathers jutting out haphazardly, or on thick texture blue-gray flared pants evoking an anthropomorphic bird.

One pale blue gown appeared to be simply a length of satin draped from the chest from a big gold ball. Elsewhere, the idea of fashion or life itself as ephemeral and ever-moving was conveyed through blurred prints on loose gowns, which sometimes resembled an X-ray.

They were, the house said, “about putting into focus what may seem unclear right now.” It’s clear that Loewe under Anderson’s creative eye has become one of the most anticipated collections in the industry.

COLOR BLOCKING

In perhaps the most original take on color blocking ever seen at Paris Fashion Week, Loewe collaborated with Italian artist Lara Favaretto to create literal blocks of color. Twenty-one confetti cubes standing 90 centimeters (35 inches) high, together weighing some 10 tons, created in deep reds, blues, yellows and greens impressed guests.

ADVERTISEMENT

O’Hara, who watched the show beside US Vogue Editor-in-Chief Anna Wintour, exclaimed “Wow look at the blue” as a guest evaded security to pose by one cube — triggering a crumble of confetti flakes.

“I was kind of hoping one would dissolve in the show, as there’s nothing really holding them together,” O’Hara told The Associated Press. “Isn’t that crazy?” O’Hara said Anderson’s designs showed “completely original ideas, fresh, without being new for new sake.”

“They were the most unusual silhouettes and shapes but still were flattering,” she added.

ISSEY MIYAKE’S SQUARE

A fusion of music, dance and theater awaited at the Japanese techno-fabric-loving house.

A live marimba percussion performance opened the show at the Chatelet Theater, one of Paris’ most prestigious stages. The show took the idea of a music score, or a canvas, or a piece of fabric being square – and explored this theme of squareness.

ADVERTISEMENT

“The collection engages with this rational shape ... to develop garments of striking forms,” the house explained. It said its aesthetic was based on “a new iteration” of the unfilled space.

Three-dimensional “canopy” gowns folded down like paper origami. Square motifs were knitted horizontally and vertically — hitting a high on a stretchy green gown with a stretch lozenge shaped front. Creative looks included gowns made with cutting edge technology to shrink woven yarn to a unique texture.

VALLI GETS ECLECTIC

A Balkan and Eastern aesthetic permeated a sparkling, and sometimes eclectic, display from Italian designer Giambattista Valli.

Tight ethnic waistcoats mixed with ruffles, gold buttons, 60s minidresses, florals, floaty tulle, thick tweed, black leather biker boots, shades, gold banded waists and even menswear looks.

The best designs were those with a simple Balkan flavor — such as one fluttery, off-white column dress with diagonal banding. It was accessorized with ethnic pear-shaped earrings.Thomas Micolino, owner of Eiscafe Rino, holds an ice cream cone in Rottenburg am Neckar, Germany, Wednesday, March 1, 2023. A German ice cream parlor is selling a new kind of special treat: insect flavor with dried brown crickets as topping. (Marijan Murat/dpa via AP)

Thomas Micolino, owner of Eiscafe Rino, holds an ice cream cone in Rottenburg am Neckar, Germany, Wednesday, March 1, 2023. A German ice cream parlor is selling a new kind of special treat: insect flavor with dried brown crickets as topping. (Marijan Murat/dpa via AP)

BERLIN (AP) — A German ice cream parlor has expanded its menu with a skin-crawling offering: cricket-flavored scoops with dried brown crickets on top.

The unusual confection is available at Thomas Micolino’s store in southern Germany’s town of Rottenburg am Neckar, German news agency dpa reported Thursday.

Micolino has a habit of creating flavors that are far outside Germans’ typical preferences for strawberry, chocolate, banana and vanilla ice cream.

In the past, he’s offered liver sausage and Gorgonzola cheese ice cream as well gold-plated ice cream for 4 euros ($4.25) per scoop.

“I am a very curious person and want to try everything,” Micolino told dpa. “I’ve eaten a lot of things, including a lot of strange things, and crickets were something I still wanted to try, also in the form of ice cream.”

That he can now produce the cricket flavor is due to a European Union regulation that allows the use of the insects in food.

ADVERTISEMENT

Under the regulation, crickets may be frozen, dried or used as a powder. The EU already allowed migratory locusts and flour beetle larvae as a food additive, dpa reported.

Micolino’s ice cream is made of cricket flour, heavy cream, vanilla extract and, honey, and he tops it with dried whole crickets. It has a “surprising yummy taste” — or at least that’s what he wrote on Instagram.

The creative vendor says that while some people are disgusted and even upset that he is offering insect ice cream, curious customers have mostly liked the new flavor.

“Those who try it are very enthusiastic,” Micolino said. “I have customers who come here every day and buy a scoop.”

One of his customers, Konstantin Dick, gave the cricket-infused flavor a positive review, telling dpa: “Yes, it’s really very tasty and edible.”

Another customer, Johann Peter Schwarze, also praised the ice cream’s creamy consistency, but added that “you can still sense the cricket in the ice cream.”In the past year, the Federal Reserve has employed several interest rate hikes in an effort to stabilize the U.S. economy. Depending on your situation and financial institution, your debt may have gotten more expensive or your savings might have grown. As rates continue to change, it’s worth exploring whether you’re still getting the best offer around.

Compared with big banks, a credit union can offer decent rates for stashing your cash or borrowing money, especially during these economic times.

“For folks who are looking for loans, they can often find a credit union with lower rates because credit unions are willing to spend some of their would-be profits on lower rates,” says Andrew Leventis, chief economist at the National Credit Union Administration, or NCUA. “ That’s one way, traditionally, credit unions have helped out their members, particularly in times when you have rising rates and there’s more of an urgency to getting the best deal.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Here’s what you should know about these not-for-profit cooperative financial institutions and their potential to offer big savings.

HOW CREDIT UNIONS WORK

Unlike banks that have shareholders to consider, credit unions return their profits to members like you.

They offer many of the same products and services that banks do, but those might go by different names. For instance, a checking account may be referred to as a “share draft account.” Credit unions may also belong to an ATM network that allows you to perform transactions beyond a specific branch.

Generally, credit unions allow you to join based on where you live, work or worship. Other avenues may include joining through a family member or making a small donation to a charitable partner organization.

“We’re required to have a field of membership, so the member coming in to open an account has to provide proof of that affiliation,” says Jim Norris, president and CEO of SkyPoint Federal Credit Union, an institution that serves counties in Maryland, Washington, D.C., and Virginia.

There’s typically a one-time membership fee to join a credit union, sometimes as low as $5, which may be used to open a savings account.

HOW CREDIT UNION RATES COMPARE

Profits at credit unions are returned to members in the form of low fees, better rates on loans and higher rates on savings.

ADVERTISEMENT

The rates for specific products will vary by credit union. For instance, in the last quarter of 2022, the national average rate for a “classic” credit card was 11.96% at credit unions and 13.34% at banks, according to data extracted by the NCUA from S&P Global Market Intelligence databases, a provider of financial information services.

And while rates may be lower at credit unions, they can still rise when the Fed makes increases. At SkyPoint Federal Credit Union, rates are automatically adjusted within a month based on Fed rates, Norris says, but there’s a limit.

Federal law caps the interest rate on most loans and credit cards at federally chartered credit unions at 15%, although the NCUA can raise that limit temporarily “if interest-rate levels could threaten safety and soundness of individual credit unions,” according to an NCUA bulletin. For several years, the NCUA has maintained an 18% cap, extending it through Sept. 10, 2024, this year.

ADVERTISEMENT

The cap is not affected by the Fed’s interest rate hikes, so the limit can be helpful for borrowers with variable interest rates that might exceed that amount. If you tend to carry a balance, it’s one way a credit union credit card can lower costs.

Credit unions may also offer higher savings rates than big banks, depending on the account. For instance, in the last quarter of 2022, the national average rate for a five-year certificate of deposit was 2.33%, compared with 1.58% at banks, according to that same data set extracted by the NCUA. You’re likely to find higher savings rates at an online bank, but credit union rates make it easy to house accounts under one roof, if that’s your preference.

OTHER CREDIT UNION PERKS

Profits are also returned to members through educational programs. SkyPoint Federal Credit Union, for example, works with a credit counseling agency to help members struggling to pay off debts. SkyPoint also offers Banzai, a financial education program for students.

ADVERTISEMENT

Jayah Kai-samba, a credit union member based in Texas, has also seen many programs offered at his institution.

“They do a good job of educating their consumers, so they are always offering webinars or in-person sessions to do trainings on financial education,” he says.

Credit unions may also offer more options to save. SkyPoint Federal Credit Union, for instance, offers savings accounts for different goals including holidays and special occasions.

Kai-samba uses similar options at his credit union to save for specific goals like vacations, home expenses or holidays. He has automatic payments set up to each account from every paycheck.

“I can have it split up separately, and it clearly shows how I’m progressing in each one of those distinct accounts,” Kai-samba says.

ADVERTISEMENT

_________________________________

This column was provided to The Associated Press by the personal finance website NerdWallet. Melissa Lambarena is a writer at NerdWallet. Email: mlambarena@nerdwallet.com. Twitter: @lissalambarena.

RELATED LINKS:

Mycreditunion.gov: What is a credit union? https://mycreditunion.gov/about-credit-unions/credit-union-different-than-a-bank

NerdWallet: 5 ways credit union cards can beat flashy bank offers bit.ly/nerdwallet-ways-credit-union-credit-cards-can-beat-flashy-bank-offers

Consumer Financial Protection Bureau: What is a certificate of deposit (CD)? https://www.consumerfinance.gov/ask-cfpb/what-is-a-certificate-of-deposit-cd-en-917PARIS (AP) — Paris’ Musee d’Orsay was, for the duration of Louis Vuitton’s 15-minute show, a museum transformed: A buzzing circus of sparkle and camera flashes where the rich, powerful and famous mingled on the penultimate day of Paris Fashion Week. Designer Nicolas Ghesquiere put on a resplendent and passionate vintage-tinged ode to French style, prompting cheers from the audience that echoed around the lofty chambers.

Meanwhile, earthy scents pricked guests’ noses as they entered the venue for Stella McCartney: A manege. Shivers from the cold were quickly succeeded by gasps, when seven horses suddenly galloped in from a side door followed by an exuberant handler. The show that incorporated equestrian themes was a visual and sensory statement from McCartney, a prominent animal rights campaigner.

Here are some highlights of fall-winter 2023-24 ready-to-wear shows Monday:

THE MUSEE VUITTON

ADVERTISEMENT

The excitement was palpable, even among the VIPs.

Sophie Turner not only dressed on brand, decked out in a silken Vuitton pajama look, she also sung on brand – chanting “we love Louis Vuitton” with front row neighbor Chloe Grace Moretz. Vuitton ambassadors Alicia Vikander and Lea Seydoux chatted animatedly. Anna Wintour pouted.

Pharrell breezed in to flurries of camera flashes, wearing a monogrammed coat and cap, still basking in becoming Louis Vuitton men’s designer. Quizzed by The Associated Press if he felt at home at the maison since last month’s announcement, Pharrell replied: “It feels like love.”

The show itself told a story. Sounds of daily life played in the soundtrack — the sound of whizzing cars, bird song, trains, footsteps and the weather. The clothes too felt like daily life — albeit a sublimely elevated one.

It was as if Ghesquiere had gone to a glamorous thrift store with vintage-style, often sparkling, garments vibrantly mixed and matched.

An oversize brown jacket led down to even more oversized circular pants, next to a snipped away waistcoat worn with a giant student-style knit scarf.

Hidden behind the haphazardness though was some incredible fashion design. Surreal plays in form abounded. Skirts came with pleats as sharp as knives. Yellow sleeves were so long they looked like they had been put in the wrong wash cycle. And an oversized marble knit sheath dress had leg of mutton sleeves with the top part completely lopped off.

ADVERTISEMENT

MCCARTNEY’S SOFTNESS AND HARDNESS

Vibrant designs showcased on the brown manege sand drew inspiration not only from horses -- with equine motifs, horse blanket patination inspiring wool looks and marbled patterns resembling horses’ coats — but also the world of show jumping.

McCartney used the sport’s pomp and regalia to inspire a collection that harked to her tailoring background.

A double-breasted jacket had sharp shoulders nipped above the waist with a diagonal dynamic, mixing masculine and feminine. Takes on regalia and the military included a men’s white lilac tailored show jumping jacket worn against naked flesh.

The sense of “softness and a hardness, of male versus female,” a touchstone of the LVMH-owned fashion house, was captured also by the horses themselves, McCartney said.

ADVERTISEMENT

Bags used vegan leather alternatives, such as MIRUM, a plant-based technology, AppleSkin, an apple-based material that creates a crocodile effect.

This was an optimistic collection — with flashes of eye-popping citrine and vermillion — that never lectured but celebrated living in harmony.

STELLA’S WILD, WILD HORSES

“Have you even seen a wild horse at a fashion show, or a whisperer?” McCartney asked the stunned fashion press on a crowded balcony above the manege that still smelled of horse. She said organizers called her “crazy” for attempting to get wild horses to a show.

Yet McCartney said fall-winter in particular seemed a good time to highlight cruelty-free designs with the unique spectacle of wild animals living, breathing and playing together.

“I really wanted to make a connection with our fellow creatures because there is so much leather and fur and feathers on the runway, especially in winter,” McCartney told AP. “I wanted to show that you can do (fashion) in a different way you don’t need to kill anything and it can be (just) as luxurious.”

ADVERTISEMENT

McCartney said the horses had many personal meanings to her, from the photography of her mother Linda and sister Mary to “being British,” speaking to the love for horses that runs deep in the U.K.

She said the message of the horses “is that they’re alive and the clothes haven’t killed anything so there’s a kind of celebration of everything living in harmony with one another.”

The horse handler was a star of the show. McCartney said she first saw him at a London horse show and was impressed with his work. “They are his wild horses. He doesn’t use any bridles, any saddles and he’s a horse whisperer ... They’re his little babies,” she said. “I can’t even get my dog to do that.”

AQUAZURRA BAG LAUNCH

Jessica Alba led VIPs into the flower-laded salons of the Hotel d’Evreux on the famous Place Vendome for the cocktail launch of Florence-based Aquazurra’s first bag collection.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I feel like this is jewelry and a bag together. It’s super chic. It definitely had a girl in mind,” Alba said, clutching one of the new bags with triangular gold clasp and soft nappa tassel that are “see now, buy now.”

Aquazurra, a brand founded in 2012, has made a name for itself in shoe wear. But founder and creative director Edgardo Osorio said he felt it was time to expand.

“We were born as a shoe brand in Florence. ... In 2023, we are launching women’s bags, which felt like a natural extension. The idea is to sell the modern Dolce Vita,” Osorio said. “A new Italian lifestyle. Next is probably men’s shoes. And fragrance.”

Items include the “Twist” maxi clutch as well as the “Galactic Crystal” and “Love Link” bags.

AZ FACTORY

There’s still a bitter-sweet tinge at AZ Factory shows. The brand was created by designer Alber Elbaz just before his 2021 death from COVID.

Elbaz, still reeling from his ouster as longtime Lanvin designer, had wanted to make a brand touting a new way of doing luxury – easier on designers, body positive, and more affordable. AZ Factory was just that. Since his death, guest designers have moonlighted for the brand, remaining faithful to its ethos, and Elbaz is still felt in the house spirit

On Monday, ruffles, toggles, belts and ties brought a utilitarian dimension to the soft ready-to-wear designs. There was a sense of relaxation running throughout as the models walked nonchalantly in low-key platform sandals.

A furry coat with swirling pink motif and in-built scarf became a total look, covering the model completely with ankle warmers in the same material. It was fun and tactile.WASHINGTON (AP) — The cherry trees in the nation’s capital are confused by Earth’s changing climate, with the iconic blossoms appearing earlier than expected because of the unusually warm winter.

Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser and the National Park Service announced Wednesday that Washington’s 3,700 cherry blossom trees would reach peak bloom this year from March 22-25. That’s several days earlier than observers and experts had expected.

“This has been a challenging year to read the trees,” said Jeff Reinbold, NPS superintendent for the national mall and memorial parks. One of the warmest winters on record, plus dramatic fluctuations in temperature have essentially sent confusing signals to the trees.

The district’s winter featured dramatic temperature shifts, including a week in February where it hit 81 degrees one day and briefly snowed two days later. The end results, Reinbold said, are trees that he compared to a hormonal teenager. “There’s a lot going on in there,” he said.

ADVERTISEMENT

The early bloom, by itself, isn’t a huge problem, unless the temperatures drop suddenly again now that the vulnerable blossoms are emerging. “An early frost would definitely damage the blossoms,” Reinbold said.

Cherry Blossom Festival President Diana Mayhew said this year’s bloom dates aren’t unprecedented, but they’re the second earliest she had witnessed in 23 years with the organization. As a result, her organization has accelerated their own timetable, moving up multiple events planned at the Tidal Basin by a week.

Mayhew said she and city officials are expecting a boom year for the festival, which typically signals the unofficial start of D.C.’s tourist season. The 2020 cherry blossom season was essentially wrecked in real time by the creeping shadow of the COVID-19 pandemic , which was moving across the country just as the festival was holding press conferences to announce that year’s peak bloom. Organizers finally were forced to cancel most in-person events.

Washington’s cherry blossoms date back 111 years to an original 1912 gift of 3,000 trees from the mayor of Tokyo. The Japanese embassy has remained deeply involved in their maintenance and in the annual festival — organizing a host of cherry blossom-themed events and performances.

ADVERTISEMENT

Koichi Ai, head of chancery for the Japanese Embassy, said Wednesday that the trees hold “special status” within Japanese culture. Their brief but spectacular bloom cycle represents, “the transient nature of beauty and the everlasting cycle of life,” he said.

The 2021 Cherry Blossom Festival took place fully under pandemic restrictions with organizers offering online bloom-cams and multiple virtual events and activities. Last year’s season drew an estimated 1.1 million visitors — close to the pre-pandemic average of 1.5 million. This year, Mayhew said she hopes to match or exceed those pre-pandemic numbers.

In their ongoing quest to maintain and protect the trees, NPS officials have to contend with a second climate change-related issue — regular flooding in the Tidal Basin due to rising seas levels. The 107-acre man-made reservoir where the largest concentration of trees is located now floods twice a day at high tide, submerging a stretch of sidewalk next to the Jefferson Memorial. During heavy rains that routinely occur in Washington, the floodwaters completely overflow the sea wall in multiple locations and soak the tree roots with salty brackish water.

ADVERTISEMENT

The original 1880s design of the Tidal Basin also simply wasn’t equipped to handle the kinds of crowds and traffic the area now receives. That traffic has only increased as more monuments have been added to the Tidal Basin area over the years: a memorial to Franklin Roosevelt opened in 1997, and the Martin Luther King Jr. memorial was inaugurated in 2011.

In 2019, the NPS, along with the Trust for the National Mall and the National Trust for Historic Preservation, launched a long-term project to rebuild the basin’s deteriorating sea wall and modify and expand sidewalks to accommodate modern crowds. Reinbold on Wednesday said the funding for the project had been secured and the proposed changes were in the design stage.

ADVERTISEMENT

The twin impacts of confusing temperature shifts and Tidal Basin flooding represent a potential long-term threat to the health of the trees, according to Chris Walsh, a professor emeritus of horticulture at the University of Maryland. Warmer winters and fluctuating temperatures, he said, are producing similar early blooms this year in other flowering fruit trees such as apricots and pears.

“Everything’s ahead of schedule this year,” he said.

Since the cherry blossom trees aren’t relied on to produce fruit, the impact on them should be minimal and won’t harm the flowers — provided that there isn’t a sudden cold snap. However, Walsh said the arboreal confusion could impact the annual development of protective bark, which could ultimately “put a lot of stress on the trees” and shorten their lifespan.

“If you add the stress of the fluctuating temperatures to the stress of salt on the roots, now you have two problems,” he said.BEND, Ore. (AP) — Despite being equipped with backcountry safety gear, an Oregon skier was killed in an avalanche Thursday in the Central Cascades, the Deschutes County Sheriff’s Office said.

The 46-year-old man’s name has not been released, the Statesman Journal reported .

After the man was swept away, his skiing partner called 911. Using the man’s avalanche beacon, the friend was able to locate the man’s body in the snow and attempted to perform lifesaving measures, which were unsuccessful, the sheriff’s office said in a press release.

Both skiers had avalanche beacons, shovels, helmets and avalanche probes, officials said. They had ventured into the steep caldera of Black Crater, just inside the Three Sisters Wilderness and about 25 miles (40 kilometers) northwest of Bend.

The sheriff’s search and rescue unit and the U.S. Forest Service were unable to recover the body Thursday because of the extreme avalanche danger and not enough light.

Meteorologists say the West Coast has seen “once in a generation” snowfall accumulations this winter.Nan Goldin is going to the Oscars, and she wants to win

Nancy Goldin poses for a portrait at the 95th Academy Awards Nominees Luncheon on Monday, Feb. 13, 2023, at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, Calif. (AP Photo/Chris Pizzello)

Nancy Goldin poses for a portrait at the 95th Academy Awards Nominees Luncheon on Monday, Feb. 13, 2023, at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, Calif. (AP Photo/Chris Pizzello)

NEW YORK (AP) — It’s not always emphasized, given that she’s one of the most groundbreaking still photographers of the past 50 years. But Nan Goldin is a movie buff. Big time.

Seeing Michelangelo Antonioni’s “Blow-Up” as a 15-year-old is what made Goldin want to be a photographer in the first place. She thinks of “The Ballad of Sexual Dependency” — her signature collection of some 700 unfiltered images of Goldin’s life, friends and lovers in early ’80s downtown New York — as a film that she continues to edit and reedit. She’s long harbored dreams of making a movie, and still does.

“It’s still my obsession,” says Goldin, sitting in the booth in a Fort Greene, Brooklyn, restaurant on a recent rainy afternoon. “I watch a movie a day, normally. I watch what’s on TCM.”

So it’s perhaps not surprising that Goldin, whose life and activism are vividly profiled in Laura Poitras’ Oscar-nominated documentary “All the Beauty and the Bloodshed,” is excited, even thrilled, about going to the Academy Awards. She blames it on Barbara Stanwyck and Judy Holliday and Marlene Dietrich.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I do really want an Oscar,” says Goldin, smiling. “I didn’t expect to but I do.”

“All the Beauty and the Bloodshed,” currently in theaters and on video-on-demand, is quite different from a traditional biopic. It juggles the story of Goldin’s life as a New York photographer of raw and radical intimacy and her demonstrations with the group Prescription Addiction Intervention Now as they pressed the world’s elite museums to eradicate the Sackler name from their halls. The Sackler family owns OxyContin maker Purdue Pharma.

The film is a rich, provocative fusion of art and activism. Poitras, who won best documentary for the 2014 Edward Snowden film “Citizenfour,” juxtaposes exchanges with Goldin surveying her life and work with footage of Goldin leading dramatic protests at the Metropolitan Museum of Art , the Guggenheim and elsewhere.

Poitras, who joined Goldin for the interview, wanted the film to have historical sweep, from the sexual repression of the 1950s, Goldin’s portraits of queer life in the ’70s and ’80s, the AIDS crisis and Goldin’s present-day transformation into activist. PAIN’s demonstrations resulted in the Sackler name being wiped from most museums, including the Louvre and the Tate Modern.

“It speaks to both the power of the artist in society and the power of the artist to communicate the moral outrage of the failure of the government,” says Poitras. “I wanted it to be epic.”

“All the Beauty and the Bloodshed” won the prestigious Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival and will now bring Goldin, one of the foremost image-makers of many of the things Hollywood tends to shy away from — complex sexuality, LGBTQ lives, unfiltered reality — into the industry’s glitzy epicenter on March 12.

“I don’t think there as too many movies that are as raw as my work. But I don’t think it’s against my integrity to love Hollywood,” says Goldin. “I don’t think documentary is given enough credit, though. It’s not sexy.”

ADVERTISEMENT

“I was around when there were no queer people that had films made. So they’re trying,” she adds. “But they’re rich people and I never trust rich people.”

Watching the documentary, Goldin says, is “a painful experience.” She’s a producer and believes in it, but seeing her life condensed into two hours is hard for her to watch. Still, Goldin, 69, is enjoying much of the journey and finds it gratifying to see younger generations responding to her work.

“I like doing the Q&As,” Goldin says. “I like waking people up.”

The opioid crisis has been linked to more than 500,000 deaths in the U.S. since 1999. Goldin was nearly one of them. While living in Berlin in 2014, Goldin overdosed on fentanyl. After wrist surgery, she became addicted to OxyContin for several years. But she doesn’t see her activism in personal terms.

“It had nothing to do with my addiction to OxyContin, or very little to do with it. It was about the overdose crisis,” she says. “The group was never anti-opioid. It wasn’t against the drug. It was about the use and marketing and addicting of America.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Purdue Pharma and three executives pleaded guilty in 2007 and agreed to pay more than $600 million for misleading the public about the risks of OxyContin. Both Goldin and Poitras have lobbied the Justice Department to file individual criminal charges against the Sacklers and Purdue Pharma executives. In 2020, Purdue Pharma pleaded guilty to criminal charges related to the marketing of OxyContin. Lawsuits have continued.

Five years after Goldin led protesters in throwing prescription bottles into the moat in the Met’s Temple of Dendur, the museum hosted a screening of “All the Beauty and the Bloodshed.” Poitras jokes the White House never invited her to screen “Citzenfour.”

“I’m proud of these museums. But there are still problems,” says Goldin. “The rest of the board, we’ve just scratched the surface. Their money isn’t exactly ethical, either. So that’s the problem. Where are the ethical billionaires?”

ADVERTISEMENT

But the experience has left Goldin feeling emboldened as to what kind of change is possible — if people are willing to put up a fight. The night before, Goldin attended an event with Bernie Sanders and Cornel West.

“It was pretty much entitled Brooklyn kids,” she says of the crowd. “They applaud wildly but I don’t know what they’re actually doing. Everyone has to get on the street because nothing’s going to change otherwise.”

Documenting history — whether personal experience or political reality — is something Poitras and Goldin have in common, albeit typically from very different points of view. Poitras has intrepidly chronicled government surveillance and the whistleblowers who bring state secrets to light.

“Images can have this way of reminding us of our history, what people suffered, what they went through,” Poitras says.

Back in Goldin’s studio, photographs of her old friends, many of them now dead, hang.

“They’re all there,” she says. “I keep them alive every day.”

In the days prior, Goldin and Poitras had been at the film academy’s annual nominees luncheon and at the BAFTAs, in London. Goldin has made some new pals on the awards circuit.

“I’ve gotten to be a little bit of friends with Paul Mescal. I hung out with him in London. We went to see Caravaggios together,” says Goldin, smiling.

ADVERTISEMENT

After a long hiatus, Goldin is starting to pick up her camera again. But what her eye is drawn to isn’t the same.

“I just started again. But I don’t photograph people. I photograph places,” Goldin says. “I just fell out of the habit. I usually do what I have to do, urgently. And I urgently had to photograph people all those years. I don’t have that urgency anymore.”

But one ambition has been rekindled: She’d like to make a feature film, and even has a book adaptation in mind “about the mundanity of violence, how non-descript violence is.”

“Until I became 65, I was immortal. Now I’m mortal,” Goldin says. “So I don’t have that much time. That’s what happens when you reach a certain age. The glare of mortality is bright. So I don’t want to waste it now.” ___

Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP

___

For more coverage of this year’s Academy Awards, visit: https://apnews.com/hub/academy-awardsFILE - A mother holds a bottle of baby formula as she feeds her infant son, Friday, May 13, 2022, in San Antonio. Federal health officials are warning parents of newborns, Thursday, March 2, 2023, to sterilize equipment used for both bottle- and breast-feeding after a baby died last year from a rare infection tied to a contaminated breast pump. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)

FILE - A mother holds a bottle of baby formula as she feeds her infant son, Friday, May 13, 2022, in San Antonio. Federal health officials are warning parents of newborns, Thursday, March 2, 2023, to sterilize equipment used for both bottle- and breast-feeding after a baby died last year from a rare infection tied to a contaminated breast pump. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)

Federal health officials are warning parents of newborns to sterilize equipment used for both bottle- and breast-feeding after a baby died last year from a rare infection tied to a contaminated breast pump.

The infant, a premature boy, was infected with the bacteria Cronobacter sakazakii, the same germ that sparked a recall and nationwide shortage of powdered infant formula last year, according to a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report released Thursday.

But this baby’s infection was not caused by contaminated formula.

The child, who was hospitalized, had been fed a mix of breastmilk and liquid human milk fortifier through a tube. Genetic sequencing linked the infection to bacteria isolated from a breast pump used at home. Samples from expressed milk, a breast pump used in the hospital and the liquid human milk fortifier were all negative for the bacteria.

An investigation found that the home breast pump was cleaned in a household sink, sanitized and sometimes assembled while still moist.

ADVERTISEMENT

Dr. Julia Haston, a CDC expert in pediatric infectious diseases, said the case underscores that cronobacter bacteria are found widely in the environment and can lead to severe and deadly infections.

“There are steps that people can take to prevent infections,” she said, including thoroughly washing, sanitizing and drying hands, equipment and all surfaces before feeding a baby.

___

The Associated Press Health and Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute’s Science and Educational Media Group. The AP is solely responsible for all content.Georgiana Viou celebrates her star during the 2023 Michelin Guide ceremony in Strasbourg, eastern France, Monday, March 6, 2023. The self-taught chef from the west African country Benin, whose dream was to go to France to become an interpreter, was awarded a star on Monday by the Michelin Guide, the bible of gastronomy, for her cuisine at a restaurant in Nimes, southern France. (AP Photo/Jean-Francois Badias)

Georgiana Viou celebrates her star during the 2023 Michelin Guide ceremony in Strasbourg, eastern France, Monday, March 6, 2023. The self-taught chef from the west African country Benin, whose dream was to go to France to become an interpreter, was awarded a star on Monday by the Michelin Guide, the bible of gastronomy, for her cuisine at a restaurant in Nimes, southern France. (AP Photo/Jean-Francois Badias)

STRASBOURG, France (AP) — If your secret wish is to get a reward, not just family compliments, for your talents in the kitchen, then Georgiana Viou might serve as inspiration.

The self-taught chef from the west African country of Benin, who came to Paris dreaming of becoming an interpreter, was awarded a star on Monday by the Michelin Guide, the bible of gastronomy, for her cuisine at “Rouge,” a restaurant in the southwestern French city of Nimes.

She wasn’t alone. A chef who studied literature, David Degoursy, and pastry chef Jeanne Satori, with a degree in sustainable development, also won a star for their restaurant de:ja in Strasbourg, eastern France, where the annual awards ceremony was held.

Michelin’s 2023 awards for French chefs put the accent on the regions of France, not Paris. The only chef to walk away with three stars — the highest award, reserved for gastronomic luminaries — was Alexandre Couillon for his creations at La Marine, his restaurant on the tip of the Ile de Noirmoutier on the Atlantic Ocean.

ADVERTISEMENT

Of the 44 new Michelin stars handed out, Viou’s is the only one won by a woman working single-handed. Several other women were honored as part of a team, like Satori, the pastry chef at de:ja.

Viou, 45, has described her cuisine as a mix of French Mediterranean perfumed with notes recalling her home country. She has written several books about Benin’s cooking.

Becoming a chef was a fall-back plan for Viou, who came to France in 1999 to study languages at the Sorbonne, hoping to become an interpreter. Working at a communications agency in the southern port city of Marseille, life’s complications forced her to change directions and, at 33, her second passion, cooking, took over.

In an interview last fall with online publication terrafemina, she said that as a Black African woman who was older than most chefs-in-training in a mostly masculine universe her maturity helped her cope.

But she dislikes being categorized because of her sex or skin color, saying that “it’s completely ridiculous” to be considered “a la mode” for being a Black female chef. She wants to be judged for what’s on the plate she serves.

Viou learned to cook from her mother who had a simple little restaurant in Cotonou, Benin and got a lesson in perseverance from her grandmother. She worked her way up the chef’s ladder step by step in Marseille, eventually getting recognition at restaurants bearing her name. She joined Rouge, in Nimes, at its inception in June 2021.

ADVERTISEMENT

Last year, Viou was on the jury of the popular TV show MasterChef, years after being a candidate.

Viou’s Michelin star was bestowed for her “singular cuisine ... celebrating her Mediterranean environment and Benin roots.”

“Today is really top,” she said at the awards ceremony, adding that she had been invited and thought, “This is cool. I’ll find myself among lots of chefs, an occasion for encounters,” not for the bestowal of a star.

She was clearly overwhelmed.

At Rouge (Red), “We’re not a team. We’re a family,” she said, her voice trembling and her eyes welling with happy tears. She then shyly took a few dance steps and raised her arms as if in thanks.

ADVERTISEMENT

Self-taught chefs with Michelin stars are less rare than one might think.

There is Eric Girardin, for instance, at La Maison des Tetes in Colmar, near Strasbourg, who began his working life as an electrical engineer.

The only woman to have won three Michelin stars is Anne-Sophie Pic. The grand-daughter and daughter of chefs, she moved from her native Drome region to Paris to study commerce before returning to her roots. With restaurants in Paris, London and Lausanne, Pic opened another in Singapore in 2019.

___

Ganley reported from Paris.Many kids need tutoring help. Only a small fraction get it

Jessica Blalack, left, watches as her son Phoenix Blalack, 6 , works with a tutor on his laptop in his Indianapolis home, Tuesday, March 7, 2023. (AP Photo/AJ Mast)

Jessica Blalack, left, watches as her son Phoenix Blalack, 6 , works with a tutor on his laptop in his Indianapolis home, Tuesday, March 7, 2023. (AP Photo/AJ Mast)

David Daniel knows his son needs help.

The 8-year-old spent first grade in remote learning and several weeks of second grade in quarantine. The best way to catch him up, research suggests, is to tutor him several times a week during school.

But his Indianapolis school offers Saturday or after-school tutoring — programs that don’t work for Daniel, a single father. The upshot is his son, now in third grade , isn’t getting the tutoring he needs.

“I want him to have the help,” Daniel said. Without it, “next year is going to be really hard on him.”

As America’s schools confront dramatic learning setbacks caused by the pandemic , experts have held up intensive tutoring as the single best antidote. Yet even as schools wield billions of dollars in federal COVID relief, a small fraction of students have received school tutoring, according to a survey of the nation’s largest districts by the nonprofit news organization Chalkbeat and The Associated Press.

ADVERTISEMENT

In eight of 12 school systems that provided data, less than 10% of students received any type of district tutoring this fall. To compare, in a federal survey, school officials said half of all U.S. students started this school year behind grade level in at least one subject.

A new tutoring corps in Chicago has served about 3% of students, officials said. The figure was less than 1% in three districts: Georgia’s Gwinnett County, Florida’s Miami-Dade County, and Philadelphia, where the district reported only about 800 students were tutored. In those three systems alone, there were more than 600,000 students who spent no time in a district tutoring program this fall.

The startlingly low tutoring figures point to several problems. Some parents said they didn’t know tutoring was available or didn’t think their children needed it . Some school systems have struggled to hire tutors. Other school systems said the small tutoring programs were intentional, part of an effort to focus on students with the greatest needs.

Whatever the reason, the impact is clear: At a crucial time for students’ recovery , millions of children have not received the academic equivalent of powerful medication.

“It works, it’s effective, it gets students to improve in their learning and catch up,” said Amie Rapaport, a University of Southern California researcher who has analyzed students’ access to intensive tutoring. “So why isn’t it reaching them?”

ADVERTISEMENT

The Indianapolis school district last year launched two tutoring programs that connect students with certified teachers over video. One is available to all students after school, while the other is offered during the day at certain low-performing schools.

District officials say a trial run boosted student test scores. Parents give it high marks.

“The progress that he made in just a couple months last semester working with his tutor was kind of far beyond what he was grasping and doing at school,” said Jessica Blalack, whose 7-year-old, Phoenix, opted in to after-school tutoring.

Still, the two programs combined served only about 3,200 students last fall, or roughly 17% of students in district-run schools. Two additional tutoring programs operate at a handful of schools.

ADVERTISEMENT

Only 35% of the students who registered for after-school tutoring last fall attended more than one session, according to district data.

Indianapolis Public Schools spokesperson Marc Ransford said the district is working to improve attendance and hopes to enroll more students in tutoring next school year. It’s also trying to accelerate student learning in other ways, including with a new curriculum and summer school.

Nationwide, schools report that about 10% of students are receiving “high-dosage” tutoring multiple days a week, according to a federal survey from December. The real number could be even lower: Just 2% of U.S. households say their children are getting that kind of intensive tutoring, according to the USC analysis of a different nationally representative survey.

Schools trying to ramp up tutoring have run into roadblocks, including staffing and scheduling. Experts say tutoring is most effective when provided three times a week for at least 30 minutes during school hours. Offering after-school or weekend tutoring is simpler, but turnout is often low.

ADVERTISEMENT

Harrison Tran, a 10th grader in Savannah, Georgia, struggled to make sense of algebra during remote learning. Last year, his high school offered after-school help. But that wasn’t feasible for Harrison, who lives 30 minutes from school and couldn’t afford to miss his ride home.

Without tutoring help, he started this school year with gaps in his learning.

“When I got into my Algebra II class, I was entirely lost,” he said.

Relatively low family interest has been another challenge. Though test scores plunged during the pandemic, many parents do not believe their children experienced learning loss, or simply are unaware. The disconnect makes it more important to offer tutoring during school, experts say.

“Parents just aren’t as concerned as we need them to be,” said USC education professor Morgan Polikoff, “if we’re going to have to rely on parents opting their kids into interventions.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Even when students want help, some have been let down.

In Maryland’s Montgomery County, 12th grader Talia Bradley recently sought calculus help from a virtual tutoring company hired by the district. But the problem she was struggling with also stumped the tutor. After an hour trying to sort it out, Talia walked away frustrated.

“My daughter was no farther along,” said Leah Bradley, her mother. “Having an option for online tutoring makes sense, but it can’t be the primary option if you’re looking for good results.”

Repeated in-person tutoring tends to be more effective than on-demand online help, but it’s also harder to manage. District rules add complexity, with safeguards like tutor background checks and vendor bidding rules slowing the process.

In Wake County, North Carolina, the school district began planning a reading tutoring program last summer. The program did not launch until November, and district officials last month said volunteers are tutoring fewer than 140 students — far fewer than the 1,000 students the program was designed to reach.

“We’re always looking to serve more students,” said Amy Mattingly, director of K-12 programs at Helps Education Fund, the nonprofit managing that program and another serving about 400 students. But, she added, it’s important to “see what’s working and make tweaks before trying to scale up.”

Some districts defended their participation numbers, saying tutoring is most effective when targeted.

In Georgia’s Fulton County, 3% of the district’s 90,000 students participated in tutoring programs this fall. Most of the tutoring was offered by paraprofessionals during the school day, with one hired to give intense support in each elementary school.

The district says time and staffing limit how many students can get frequent, intensive tutoring.

“We don’t want to water it down, because then you don’t get the impact that the research says is beneficial for kids,” said Cliff Jones, chief academic officer for the system.

Others worry too few are getting the help they need even as programs continue to grow.

This school year, about 3,500 students are getting reading tutoring from the North Carolina Education Corps. Meanwhile, in fourth grade alone, more than 41,000 students statewide scored in the bottom level on a national reading test last year.

“Who we are serving,” said Laura Bilbro-Berry, the program’s senior director, “is just a drop in the bucket.”

___

The Associated Press education team receives support from the Carnegie Corporation of New York. The AP is solely responsible for all content.What to do if you’re concerned you might be laid off

The likeness of Benjamin Franklin is seen on a U.S. $100 bill, Wednesday, Feb. 22, 2023, in Marple Township, Pa. If you are concerned you may be laid off, start saving. It's crucial to start building an emergency fund even when you feel secure at your job but especially if you think you might lose it. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

The likeness of Benjamin Franklin is seen on a U.S. $100 bill, Wednesday, Feb. 22, 2023, in Marple Township, Pa. If you are concerned you may be laid off, start saving. It's crucial to start building an emergency fund even when you feel secure at your job but especially if you think you might lose it. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

NEW YORK (AP) — The job market in the U.S. remains strong overall, but recent high-profile layoffs at technology and media companies and predictions of a recession later this year may have you thinking about job security.

If you’re worried you could be laid off — or if you’ve lost your job — here are recommendations from experts:

IF YOU ARE CONCERNED YOU MAY BE LAID OFF

START SAVING

It’s crucial to start building an emergency fund even when you feel secure at your job but especially if you think you might lose it.

You might not be able to save enough to cover the whole time you’ll be out of work, but even a small amount can reduce your stress.

When you start thinking about saving, Jesse Mecham, founder of the money management app YNAB , recommends that you ask yourself this question: What do I want my money to do?

Maybe a year ago, you wanted to save for a large trip abroad, while now you want to have money in case you are out of work for six months.

ADVERTISEMENT

People “would have a very different answer now than they might have had a year ago when they thought that their job was extremely secure,” Mecham said.

If you are aggressively paying off debt and it’s affecting your ability to save, Mecham recommends slowing down payments. You should still make at least the minimum payment, but you might want to consider temporarily using any money you’re been paying over that to build an extra cash cushion so you have money available should you need it. It’s also crucial to avoid getting into further debt, Mecham said.

UPDATE YOUR RESUME

It’s always a good idea to keep your resume up to date but, most importantly, keep it customizable for several jobs, said Scott Dobrosky, career trends expert for Indeed . You can do this by leaving space in your resume to include keywords that are specific to the job you are applying for.

Jobs might require slightly different skills if you are planning to stay in the same industry or completely different skills if you move to another field. If you keep your resume updated and customizable, it could make things easier when you need to move on.

Anna Gallo, 33, a tech worker from Middletown, Connecticut, who was recently laid off, found updating her resume was more emotional than she expected.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Updating my resume after not looking at it since I got my job was surprisingly sad. I had to take time and respect that sadness and wait until I was feeling better so I could do it,” Gallo said.

Gallo now recommends keeping your resume updated even if you don’t expect to be looking for work soon.

ACTIVATE YOUR NETWORK

Tapping into connections in your industry now is a good idea, said career coach Marlo Lyons. Talking with your friends about possible job openings elsewhere could give you a head start.

UPSKILL

Gaining new skills and adding certifications or courses to your resume can be a good way to move up in your current job. If you think you might have to go somewhere else, look for the skills that will make you a stronger candidate, Lyons said. Whether it’s taking a free online course or signing up to get a specific license, upskilling your resume will have positive impacts whether you stay in your current job or have to look for another one.

ADVERTISEMENT

Popular course websites include Coursera and edX , which offer courses and certifications from universities around the country. They offer some of the courses for free.

IF YOU HAVE BEEN LAID OFF

PRIORITIZE YOUR MENTAL HEALTH

Your mental health can be heavily affected after a job loss. Take a breath and let yourself feel the emotions. Prioritizing your mental health will allow you to approach your job search in a better way, Dobrosky said.

For Gallo, putting her mental health first meant that she gave herself a couple of days to feel sad.

“I think everybody needs that time after losing a job. I’m feeling better, even though I’m still extremely disappointed that this is how things turned out,” Gallo said.

MAINTAIN A ROUTINE

Keeping some structure in your day will help you with your mental health and with the right cadence of applying to jobs, Mecham said.

ADVERTISEMENT

Planning your days so they include eating at your usual time, working out or going for a walk and applying for jobs for a certain amount of hours will keep you grounded, he said. Lyons recommends designating a time during the day to start and end applying for jobs.

“Do not over-exhaust yourself with applying to jobs,” Lyons said. “Take time to do activities that make you feel good.”

For Gallo, this has meant getting up, making breakfast, taking a long shower and using her fancy soap, and after her usual work hours, going for walks and still hanging out with her friends.

“I’m trying to not let the fact that I’m not working from nine to five, change what I’m doing with the rest of my day too much,” she said.

CHECK YOUR BENEFITS

It’s crucial that you understand your compensation package and save any documentation that you need to understand your benefits after you’ve been laid off. Some especially important things to know are your health insurance and dental benefits, Dobrosky said.

ADVERTISEMENT

NETWORK

Reaching out to your professional and personal network can be helpful, and it’s useful to give some direction to friends and colleagues who want to help, Lyons said.

Examples include asking them to write you recommendations on LinkedIn, recommend you for a job or invite you to a conference for free.

SHARE YOUR EXPERIENCE

It can be hard to talk about losing your job, and you should only share if you feel comfortable. But sharing can benefit you by allowing you to lean on your support system.

When Gallo shared on social media that she had lost her job, she did it mostly so everyone she knew would find out at the same time. She didn’t expect hundreds of people, some who she knew and some who she didn’t, to reach out offering to help.

“I felt like I was taking the power away from the secret that I had lost my job,” she said. “I found it helpful to do a mass disclosure and also ask for help at that moment.”

Gallo said she felt less isolated since she received encouraging messages and spoke with people with similar experiences.

APPLY FOR UNEMPLOYMENT

Applying for unemployment is an option that everyone should utilize, Lyons said. While the amount you get for unemployment might not be as much as your salary, it can help you to stay afloat for some time.

“You’ve been paying into it your entire life, get some of that money back,” Lyons said. “Don’t be shy about it.”

You can learn more about how to apply for unemployment here .

CONSIDER A TEMPORARY JOB

A temporary job is a good option if you can’t afford to be out of work, Dobrosky said. Lyons also recommends temporary jobs and says you should include them in your resume if they showcase skills that match your desired full-time job, such as leadership or organizational skills.

“It shows that you have grit, that you’re willing to work hard and take care of your responsibilities,” she said.

___

You can see all of AP’s financial wellness coverage here: https://apnews.com/hub/financial-wellness

___

The Associated Press receives support from Charles Schwab Foundation for educational and explanatory reporting to improve financial literacy. The independent foundation is separate from Charles Schwab and Co. Inc. The AP is solely responsible for its journalism.A model wears a creation as part of the Lanvin Fall/Winter 2023-2024 ready-to-wear collection presented Sunday, March 5, 2023 in Paris. (Vianney Le Caer/Invision/AP)

A model wears a creation as part of the Lanvin Fall/Winter 2023-2024 ready-to-wear collection presented Sunday, March 5, 2023 in Paris. (Vianney Le Caer/Invision/AP)

PARIS (AP) — Cars snaked for blocks dropping off countless VIPs for Valentino’s “black tie” show at Paris Fashion Week as the evening Paris lights bathed the nearby Arc de Triomphe. Its designer Pierpaolo Piccioli put on a star-studded collection that deconstructed the suit amid androgyny and sartorial plays.

Meanwhile at Lanvin, stars such as Avril Lavigne sat beneath the Gothic-style arches to view the oldest couture house’s latest designs, which subtly evoked history.

Here are some highlights of Sunday’s ready-to-wear displays.

VALENTINO’S BLACK TIE

Brooklyn Beckham and Nicole Peltz soaked up photographers’ flashes inside the ornate Hotel Salomon de Rothschild in the moment of calm before the storm. Then as 8pm approached, hordes of fashion insiders wrestled for their places at one of the Paris season’s hotly anticipated shows.

This fall, Piccioli captured the gender fluid zeitgeist with a display that dissected the suit – with black ties, flashes of punk and gold earrings.

ADVERTISEMENT

Sheer black blouses sported big white polka dots. A white shirt and black tie became an all-enveloping floor sweeping gown. Myriad plumes poked out deftly from a statement black and white striped feather coat.

Thin black ties – the theme of the show -- were abundant, as were takes on the white shirt, which at times caught echoes of Celine’s Hedi Slimane.

Yet the monochromatic musing was handled with subtlety, and balanced with bursts of on-trend eye-popping color – such as a long wool citrine coat or an emerald green leather poncho-jacket.

THE ART OF THE INVITATION

The age of email and rising environmental awareness doesn’t seem to have left much of a mark on the fashion industry’s antiquated system of invitations. Season after season, gasoline-guzzling couriers crisscross Paris to personally deliver ever-elaborate, often handmade, invites – sometimes even for shows touting ecological awareness!

Top houses vie for the wackiest or most imaginative idea that often bears a clue as to the theme of the runway collection.

Balenciaga’s invite was a toile blazer set against a plain background that fashion insiders interpreted as signaling a fresh start for the embattled designer Demna Gvasalia. Balenciaga apologized last year after harsh industry-wide criticism of its ads featuring child abuse papers and bondage bears. Gvasalia has told media that he was now going back to his roots of making jackets as that is where he began as a designer, acknowledging with humility that fashion was not about “buzz.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Givenchy sent out a giant patent black croc purse containing the details of the show that moved in a glamorous direction.

While, was Chloe’s invitation box of Alain Ducasse designer cacao chocolates aimed at sweetening guests after a spate of middling reviews?

LANVIN IS SIMPLE

References to the 1940s, 1980s, the 18th century, the medieval and the Renaissance mingled together inside the historic arches of Paris’ thirteenth century College of Bernardins. Yet despite these myriad styles, this fall-winter collection remained a pared down affair -- simply chic, and intentionally lacking in adornments and embellishments.

ADVERTISEMENT

There were some nice touches. Stud-like polka-dots adorning shirts, slit skirt-suits and coats provided a lift. Elsewhere, a pink 1940s coat with sloping shoulders became a statement piece in textured pink. A black satine gown featured a diagonal dynamic cleverly matching the angle of the stone arches in the decor behind.

The show’s simplicity belied the inner passion of Lanvin’s designer Bruno Sialelli. The house quoted the Swedish-American Sculptor Claes Oldenburg, who died last year, as saying: “Making things What fun! And things being made, Go away!”

ALEXANDER MCQUEEN’S ORCHID

Designer Sarah Burton said she was drawn to the orchid, the leitmotif of her gothic-tinged fall collection for Alexander McQueen, because of its strange beauty and adaptability.

“It thrives in the air, resists being rooted and grows in the wild,” she said. “The orchid mimics both predator and prey.”

ADVERTISEMENT

The anatomy of the orchid – and of human flesh – was this dissected in this original display that turned the beauty of the one of the world’s most common flowers into something almost threatening, sinister and provocative.

The inside orchid featured as a blown up white image on the skirt of a black billowing Asiatic look. Taken from above, the flower’s lips and column resembled a fierce creature, mouth open, ready to feed.

A sublime sheath in torch red had Giger-like tendrils creeping round the bust and hips evoking the myriad orchid roots.

Front row stars Eddie Redmayne and Elle Fanning admired and applauded.Standard time giving way to daylight saving in most of US

FILE - Dan LaMoore adjusts the hands on a Seth Thomas Post Clock at Electric Time Company, Oct. 23, 2020, in Medfield, Mass. Standard time comes to an end in most parts of the United States this weekend. You’ll lose an hour of sleep for one night but gain more daylight in the evening in the months ahead. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola, File)

FILE - Dan LaMoore adjusts the hands on a Seth Thomas Post Clock at Electric Time Company, Oct. 23, 2020, in Medfield, Mass. Standard time comes to an end in most parts of the United States this weekend. You’ll lose an hour of sleep for one night but gain more daylight in the evening in the months ahead. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola, File)

WASHINGTON (AP) — Standard time comes to an end in most parts of the United States this weekend.

You’ll lose an hour of sleep for one night but gain more daylight in the evening in the months ahead.

The transition to daylight saving time is official at 2 a.m. local time Sunday across much of the country. Then on March 20, winter sunsets and spring is sprung.

Until daylight saving time ends in the wee hours of Nov. 5, the sun will rise later in the morning than than it has during standard time but it will stay light for longer until the evening.

It’s a good idea to set clocks an hour ahead before bed Saturday night.

No time change is observed in Hawaii, most of Arizona, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Guam and the Northern Marianas.

A poll conducted in October 2021 found that most people in the United States want to avoid switching between daylight saving and standard time, though there is no consensus behind which should be used all year.

ADVERTISEMENT

The poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research found only 25% of those questioned said they preferred to switch back and forth between standard and daylight saving time. Forty-three percent said they would like to see standard time used during the entire year. Thirty-two percent said they would prefer that daylight saving time be used all year.People buy alcohol in a liquor store in Baghdad, Iraq, Thursday, March 9, 2023. The Iraqi government started enforcing a 2016 ban on alcoholic beverages this month, although many liquor shops remained open in Baghdad. (AP Photo/Hadi Mizban)

People buy alcohol in a liquor store in Baghdad, Iraq, Thursday, March 9, 2023. The Iraqi government started enforcing a 2016 ban on alcoholic beverages this month, although many liquor shops remained open in Baghdad. (AP Photo/Hadi Mizban)

BAGHDAD (AP) — Only a few months into its term, Iraq’s government is suddenly enforcing a long-dormant law banning alcohol imports and arresting people over social media content deemed morally offensive. The crackdown has raised alarm among religious minorities and rights activists.

Some see the measures as an attempt by Prime Minister Mohammed Shia al-Sudani to head off potential political challenges from religious conservatives and to distract from economic woes, such as rising prices and wild currency fluctuations.

The ban on the import, sale and production of alcohol was adopted in 2016, but was only published in the official gazette last month, making it enforceable. On Saturday, Iraq’s customs authority ordered all border crossings to impose the prohibition.

Although many liquor stores across Iraq continued business as usual — presumably using up their stocks — border crossings went dry overnight, with the exception of the northern, semi-autonomous Kurdish region which hasn’t enforced the ban. The price of alcohol, meanwhile, spiked due to tightened supply.

ADVERTISEMENT

Ghazwan Isso manufactures arak, a popular anise-flavored spirit, at his factory in Mosul, Iraq’s second-largest city. He sells it, along with imported, foreign-made alcohol, at 15 stores in Baghdad.

“There are imported goods at the borders that are not allowed to enter, with a value of tens of millions of dollars,” he said.

Isso said he is also stuck with $3 million worth of goods in warehouses — liquor produced in his factory. It’s not clear yet if and when the ban on the sale of alcohol will be enforced as well, but Isso said he won’t send his trucks from his Mosul factory to Baghdad for fear they’ll get stopped.

For Isso, the ban is a blow to Iraq’s multi-confessional social fabric. He believes it will prompt more non-Muslims to emigrate.

Alcohol is generally prohibited in Islam — the religion of the vast majority of Iraqis — but is permitted and used in religious rituals by Christians, who make up 1% of Iraq’s population of about 40 million.

“The law is a narrowing of freedoms,” Isso said, adding the ban would encourage “bribes and blackmail, because alcohol will be sold the same way like illegal drugs.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Joseph Sliwa, a former Christian lawmaker, blamed the decision to start enforcing the law on extremists within Iraq’s Sunni and Shiite Muslim communities. He said alcohol shop owners and producers would become vulnerable, with those in power or armed groups likely trying to squeeze them for bribes.

Like Isso, Sliwa also worried the alcohol ban could increase the use of illegal drugs.

A judge and former lawmaker, Mahmoud al-Hassan, defended the ban as constitutional and argued that it’s in line with the beliefs of most Iraqis and therefore would not impact personal freedoms.

“Quite the opposite, the majority of the people of Iraq are Muslim and their freedoms should be respected,” he said. “They make up 97% of the country.”

He downplayed fears that outlawing alcohol would increase trafficking of other drugs. “Drugs already exist, with or without this law,” he said. “Alcohol also causes addiction and social problems.”

ADVERTISEMENT

The alcohol ban comes on the heels of the contentious campaign to police social media content.

In January, the Interior Ministry formed a committee to investigate reports of what it called indecent posts and set up a website for public complaints. The site received tens of thousands of reports.

A month later, judicial authorities announced the courts had charged 14 people for posting content labeled indecent or immoral; six were sentenced to prison time.

Among those targeted were people who posted videos of music, comedy skits and sarcastic social commentary. Some showed dance moves deemed provocative, used obscene language or raised sensitive social issues such as gender relations in Iraq’s predominantly conservative society.

Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch, as well as local and regional rights groups, said the crackdown on expression violates fundamental rights.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Iraqis should be free to express themselves ... whether it is to make jokes or engage in satire, criticize or hold authorities accountable, discuss politics or religious topics, share joyful dancing, or have public conversations on sensitive or controversial issues,” the groups said in a joint statement.

Amer Hassan, a Baghdad court judge dealing with publishing and media issues, defended the arrests in an interview with the state Iraqi News Agency.

“There is a confusion between freedom of expression, which is protected by the constitution” and what he called offensive content.

Hamzeh Hadad, an adjunct fellow at the Center for a New American Security, a Washington-based think tank, said the measures could be part of an attempt to distract from Iraq’s unstable currency and to pander to the base of the conservative Shiite cleric and political leader Muqtada al-Sadr, a rival of al-Sudani’s bloc.

Hadad said the alcohol ban could disproportionately affect Christians and other non-Muslim religious minorities — a dwindling population in Iraq, particularly in the years since the formation of the extremist Islamic State group, which at one point controlled wide swaths of the country.

ADVERTISEMENT

However, Hadad noted there were also “powerful actors with financial interests in alcohol” who might legally challenge or simply flout the ban.

Religious minorities are not the only ones pushing back against the measures.

“I personally am a Muslim and am not with the law,” said Mohammed Jassim, a 27-year-old from Baghdad who says he drinks alcohol regularly. Now he and others like him “will be forced to purchase alcohol under the table from those who dare sell it illegally,” he said.

Many Christians see the ban as an attempt to marginalize their community.

In the northern Christian town of Qaraqosh, a liquor shop owner who spoke on condition of anonymity for fear his business could be targeted, said the government’s move stings, particularly in the wake of years of deadly attacks on Christians by IS militants.

“They are telling us to get out, we don’t want you in this country anymore,” he said.

___

Sewell reported from Beirut. Associated Press writer Farid Abdulwahed in Qaraqosh, Iraq, contributed reporting.Signs mark an HOV lane on Interstate 65 in Nashville, Tenn., Tuesday, Dec. 6, 2022. Southern states are more frequently turning to pay-to-use express lanes as a way to address highway congestion without raising taxes. Republican Gov. Bill Lee wants to consider them in Tennessee, one of 16 states without any toll roads. (Andrew Nelles/The Tennessean via AP)

Signs mark an HOV lane on Interstate 65 in Nashville, Tenn., Tuesday, Dec. 6, 2022. Southern states are more frequently turning to pay-to-use express lanes as a way to address highway congestion without raising taxes. Republican Gov. Bill Lee wants to consider them in Tennessee, one of 16 states without any toll roads. (Andrew Nelles/The Tennessean via AP)

Trucker Tim Chelette has been making the same twice-daily drive for 16 years hauling empty whiskey barrels from Louisville, Kentucky, to the Jack Daniels distillery in Tennessee, yet his workday keeps getting longer due to time lost in Nashville traffic.

Although trucks wouldn’t be eligible for the pay-to-use express lanes Republican Gov. Bill Lee is advocating for some of Tennessee’s most-congested highways , Chelette supports them because he thinks enough drivers in the fast-growing state capital would take advantage to benefit everyone.

“They’re going to have to do something,” said Chelette, of Murfreesboro, Tennessee, who gets paid by distance, not time — even when his 245-mile (394-kilometer) return trip to the Lynchburg distillery spikes by an hour or more during afternoon rush. “When I get stuck in traffic, I lose money.”

Unlike traditional toll plazas where every vehicle that passes through pays a standard fee, price-managed lanes allow some drivers to pay up to circumvent congestion — and the fee usually increases as the traffic does.

ADVERTISEMENT

According to the International Bridge, Tunnel and Turnpike Association (IBTTA), which lobbies on behalf of the projects, 54 of the 89 tolling facilities that opened in the U.S. in the past decade were for price-managed lanes. They can be found across the South in Texas, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina and Virginia, as well as such other places as California, Colorado, Washington and Minnesota.

Opponents call them “Lexus lanes,” implying that only drivers of expensive cars can afford to use them, but Lee prefers another name: “choice lanes.”

“I think (the name) is brilliant. I wish I had invented it,” said Robert Poole, director of transportation policy at the libertarian Reason Foundation and a vocal advocate for price-managed lanes.

The marketing pitch is important, particularly in the conservative South where voters have long resisted anything resembling a tax hike. But with fuel tax revenues and federal infrastructure payments failing to keep up with the need to repair aging roads or add capacity to reduce congestion, the projects are winning favor — even, and perhaps especially, in Republican-led states where “toll” has been considered a four-letter word in more ways than one.

ADVERTISEMENT

“All you’re doing is allowing those wealthy enough to use those lanes a quicker ride to work,” said Terri Hall, founder and director of Texans for Toll-free Highways. “It’s like a scapegoat for state legislatures to say, ‘We solved the problem.’ No, you kicked the can down the road.”

Supporters counter that the lanes are a way to pay for roads without raising taxes, though they acknowledge they’re sometimes a tricky sell — particularly the public-private partnerships that have funded many of the projects.

“If you have somebody who is anti-tax and pro-free market, they might say it’s a great idea,” said Pat Jones, IBTTA’s executive director and CEO. “Then, if you tell them the company is from Spain or Australia, they’ll say, ‘I don’t want there to be foreigners owning highways.’ You often see opposition to toll facilities before people use them, but once they’re open and people realize they’re getting value ... the resistance tends to go down.”

ADVERTISEMENT

California’s experience with tolling — both traditional plazas and price-managed lanes — has provided fodder for advocates on both sides of the heated debate.

A grand jury in Orange County examined a state agency that was created to build three traditional toll roads. Its report, issued in 2021, found that on one hand, California produced “excellent roads with minimal tax dollars.” But on the other, the jurors found ballooning debt and the need to change the initial plans amid financial downturns meant that drivers are on pace to shell out $28 billion by 2053 for roads that cost a tenth of that to build.

The nation’s first price-managed lane opened in 1995 in Orange County, using a public-private partnership to fund it. Poole, who advised on the project and still calls it a model for others, said officials agreed not to add free lanes on the corridor for 35 years. Surging growth ultimately made that impossible, so the county terminated the contract and paid the company for its lost revenue. New bonds were issued, and the tolls had to stay in place to pay for them.

ADVERTISEMENT

“These agencies often become self-fulfilling entities,” said Jay Beeber, director of public policy for the National Motorists Association, which advocates for drivers’ rights. “They have huge organizations with lots of staff members, lots of salaries, huge pensions from the government, and they want to stay in business forever. Nobody wants to legislate themselves out of a job.”

Lee is seeking legislative support to authorize a public-private partnership for the project in Tennessee — one of 14 states that don’t have tolls on any roads.

Republican state Sen. Frank Niceley said he expects Lee will get enough votes to pass the plan, but he strongly opposes it — even pointing out that fascist Italian dictator Benito Mussolini liked public-private partnerships, too.

ADVERTISEMENT

“We’re not really giving these things to the private sector,” Niceley said. “We’re kind of co-signing the note. And most people who co-sign the note end up paying the note.”

The governor’s administration brushes off such criticism. Will Reid, chief engineer and deputy commissioner at the Tennessee Department of Transportation, said the state is uniquely positioned to establish a partnership that avoids the financial pitfalls seen in California and elsewhere.

“We’re one of six no-debt states,” Reid said. “We own every piece of pavement. We own every bridge. We have a strong belief in paying as we go, and paying for the things we decide to build.”

Mark Burris, professor of civil and environmental engineering at Texas A&M University, researched public sentiment for price-managed lanes in four metro areas: Los Angeles, Dallas, Miami and the Virginia suburbs of Washington, D.C. His review found widespread support from drivers in those areas, with more than three-quarters of those surveyed saying they wanted to see more price-managed lanes open.

Some of the paid express lanes in Texas have allowed speed limits as much as 10 mph higher than general-purpose lanes, and Hall, with Texans for Toll-free Highways, said the fee can rise to $3 a mile when traffic is busiest. She argues that’s a regressive double-tax that doesn’t alleviate congestion nearly as much as building additional free lanes would — something she contends the state can afford.

Texas also proves how fleeting the support for these projects can be — even with the same party in control. Former Gov. Rick Perry advocated for price-managed lanes, but his successor, fellow Republican Greg Abbott, has backed a moratorium on new tolls.

“Fifteen years ago it was all the rage,” Mark Muriello, IBTTA’s director of public policy and government affairs, said of the appetite for the projects in Texas. “The politics tend to change. Nothing stays still.”

It typically takes 15 years in the U.S. for a road project to open after winning approval, though Tennessee officials are determined to cut that in half. Considering a recent study showing a $34 billion need, Reid — the state transportation official — acknowledges the clock is ticking.

“As far as whether it works 10, 20, 30 years from now, the proof will be in the pudding,” Reid said. “But one thing is certain — in order to keep pace with the demands on our infrastructure in Tennessee, we’re going to have to find a different way to generate revenue.”What to know about prescription drugs promising weight loss

This image shows the logo of WeightWatchers on a mobile phone, and the company's website, in New York, Tuesday, March 7, 2023. WeightWatchers shares soared Tuesday after the company said it was getting into the prescription drug weight loss business with the acquisition of Sequence. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)

This image shows the logo of WeightWatchers on a mobile phone, and the company's website, in New York, Tuesday, March 7, 2023. WeightWatchers shares soared Tuesday after the company said it was getting into the prescription drug weight loss business with the acquisition of Sequence. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)

WeightWatchers, the 60-year-old diet firm, announced this week it would acquire a telehealth company whose providers prescribe anti-obesity drugs for growing numbers of eager online subscribers.

The $132 million deal with Sequence is the just the latest commercial push into the red-hot market for prescription drugs that promise significant weight loss. For months, the diabetes drug Ozempic has been touted on social media by celebrities even though it’s not approved for weight loss. The demand for it sparked shortages.

WeightWatchers will be introducing its roughly 3.5 million subscribers to a new generation of medications that go beyond behavioral changes like gym workouts and diet tracking. Obesity experts say the drugs may revolutionize treatment of the disease that affects 42% of American adults.

Here’s a look at the promise of these new medications and cautions about their use.

ADVERTISEMENT

WHAT ARE THESE NEW DIET DRUGS?

The drugs that have generated most buzz are from a class of medications called GLP-1 agonists. Two of the most popular, Ozempic and Wegovy, are different doses of the same drug, semaglutide.

Ozempic has been used for six years to treat type 2 diabetes and is not approved for weight loss. Wegovy was approved in 2021 to treat obesity in adults and late last year to treat kids and teens 12 and older.

Doctors prescribe the medications to people with diabetes alone, or to people who are obese or who are overweight with additional health problems. Most of these types of drugs are delivered through weekly injections.

Supply problems and soaring demand last year led to a shortage of the drugs, but Novo Nordisk, the manufacturer, said those have been replenished.

HOW DO THE DRUGS WORK?

They mimic the action of a gut hormone that kicks in after people eat, boosting the release of insulin, blocking sugar production in the liver and suppressing appetite.

A newer drug, called tirzepatide, mimics the action of two hormones for even greater effect. The Eli Lilly and Co. drug, sold under the brand name Mounjaro, is now approved to treat diabetes, but the FDA granted fast-track status to review it to treat obesity. A decision is expected this spring.

With lower appetite and a greater feeling of fullness, people using these drugs eat less and lose weight.

ADVERTISEMENT

HOW EFFECTIVE ARE THE DRUGS?

In a clinical trial, adults who took Wegovy saw a mean weight loss of nearly 35 pounds, or about 15% of their initial body weight. Adolescents lost about 16% of their body weight.

A clinical trial of Mounjaro, which is still being studied, saw mean weight loss of 15% to 21% of body weight depending on the dose, compared with a weight loss of about 3% for people taking placebo, or dummy drug.

WHY NOT JUST DIET AND EXERCISE?

In a typical weight-loss program where participants rely only on diet and exercise, about a third of people enrolled will lose 5% or more of their body weight, noted Dr. Louis Aronne, director of the Comprehensive Weight Control Center at Weill Cornell Medicine.

Most people find it difficult to lose weight because of the body’s biological reactions to eating less, he said. There are several hormones that respond to reduced calorie intake to increase hunger and maintain body mass.

ADVERTISEMENT

“There is a real physical phenomenon,” he said. “There is a resistance mechanism that is a coordinated effort by the body to prevent you from losing weight.”

WHAT ARE THE SIDE EFFECTS OF THE DRUGS?

The most common side effects are short-lived gastrointestinal issues such as nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, stomach pain and constipation.

Other possible side effects include thyroid tumors, cancer, inflammation of the pancreas, kidney and gallbladder and eye problems. People with a family history of certain thyroid cancers or a rare, genetic endocrine disorder should avoid the drugs.

WHAT SHOULD CONSUMERS WATCH OUT FOR?

These new medications could be an effective part of a multifaceted approach to weight loss, said Dr. Amy Rothberg, an University of Michigan endocrinologist who directs a virtual weight management and diabetes program called Rewind.

ADVERTISEMENT

But she worries that programs like WeightWatchers are primarily interested in boosting enrollment — and profits.

“My hope is that they do their due diligence and have real monitoring of the patients taking the drugs,” she said.

It’s important to make sure that patients are taking the drugs for the intended purpose, to make sure there’s no reason they shouldn’t take the drugs and that they’re monitored for side effects, she said.

___

The Associated Press Health and Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute’s Science and Educational Media Group. The AP is solely responsible for all content.This photo, provided by Edmunds, shows the 2023 Rivian R1S, an all-electric SUV with an EPA-estimated range of up to 321 miles. (Courtesy of Edmunds via AP)

This photo, provided by Edmunds, shows the 2023 Rivian R1S, an all-electric SUV with an EPA-estimated range of up to 321 miles. (Courtesy of Edmunds via AP)

Buying an electric vehicle used to mean choosing from battery range, performance, utility or luxury. You might’ve found a car possessing two of those attributes but rarely all of the above. But the BMW iX and Rivian R1S are two electric SUVs that require no compromise, combining stellar performance and long-distance capability with plenty of convenience and tech features. Which one is the best for your money? The vehicle experts at Edmunds compare both to find out.

PERFORMANCE Both SUVs provide obscene amounts of power. The BMW iX packs two electric motors, one driving each axle, that produce 516 horsepower in standard form or 610 horsepower in M60 trim. Power figures for the Rivian R1S are even more extreme, with four motors producing an outlandish 835 horsepower and 938 lb-ft of torque. A dual-motor all-wheel-drive version arrives later this year with a still potent 600 horsepower on tap.

ADVERTISEMENT

In Edmunds’ testing, an iX accelerated from 0 to 60 mph in 4.2 seconds, which is quicker than other electric SUVs such as the Audi e-tron and Jaguar I-Pace. The Rivian is even quicker, taking just 3.4 seconds to reach the same speed. That makes the R1S one of the quickest SUVs Edmunds has ever tested, electric or otherwise.

Around turns, the iX feels sportier and more engaging. But off-road, the Rivian is hands down the better performer. With its adjustable air suspension set to its highest setting, the R1S offers an impressive 15 inches of ground clearance. Additionally, the R1S’ four motors allow for precise control over its wheels, maximizing traction on loose terrain.

Winner: R1S

RANGE AND CHARGING Both EVs have large batteries that grant them impressive EPA range estimates. The Rivian R1S offers up to 321 miles of EPA-estimated range, depending on wheel size and configuration, while the BMW iX can go up to 324 miles, also depending on its configuration. On paper, their ranges are virtually identical, but on Edmunds’ real-world EV test route, the iX far exceeded its rating, traveling 377 miles on a single charge. The Rivian also beat its EPA numbers but only went 330 miles. Your mileage will vary depending on conditions and your driving style.

When it comes time to replenish that large battery pack, both vehicles will take about the same amount of time to do so. Plan on spending about 30-40 minutes at a high-powered DC fast-charging station to charge the battery from 10% to 80% capacity. On a Level 2 home charger, expect a full charge to take 11-12 hours.

ADVERTISEMENT

Winner: iX

INTERIOR AND TECH No matter what you think of the outside, most will agree that the BMW iX’s interior is stunning. It features a mix of unorthodox but high-quality materials and a futuristic design that looks straight out of “Minority Report.” Two wide screens join seamlessly to form the instrument panel and central display, which is operated via touchscreen or the iDrive control knob. One thing BMW’s operating system does exceptionally well is Android Auto and Apple CarPlay integration. Both systems have a fairly easy pairing procedure, which then displays the phone’s interface on the digital instrument screen.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Rivian’s interior, though nicely appointed, isn’t on the same level as the BMW’s. Like the R1T pickup truck on which it’s based, the R1S’ interior is utilitarian, with many pockets and compartments for storage. The dual gauge cluster and infotainment screens look fancy, but overall the Rivian’s in-car tech is lacking. One big letdown is the absence of Apple CarPlay and Android Auto. That leaves you with only Rivian’s onboard navigation, which thankfully works pretty well. Still, not being able to access apps from your phone is a huge miss in this day and age.

Winner: iX

PRICING AND VALUE With a starting price of $85,095, the BMW iX is hardly affordable to the average shopper. But once you start looking at the performance, battery range and interior amenities you get compared to the competition, its price is better justified. Besides its four-year warranty, BMW also includes three years or 36,000 miles of free basic maintenance and two years of free fast charging, provided you charge in 30-minute increments.

ADVERTISEMENT

On paper, the Rivian R1S has a lower starting cost of about $78,000, but that entry model won’t be available for a while and comes with a noticeable drop in performance, range and features. The more commonly available trim we tested starts at $92,000. That said, Rivian does offer better warranty coverage than BMW, with a five-year or 60,000-mile basic warranty. Winner: iX

EDMUNDS SAYS: If you can get past its polarizing grille, the BMW iX packages a luxurious interior with useful technology in an SUV that’s efficient yet still incredibly fun-to-drive. Unless you take frequent off-road excursions, the iX is the one to get.

_______

This story was provided to The Associated Press by the automotive website Edmunds . Alex Nishimoto is a contributor at Edmunds.A model wears a creation as part of the Givenchy Fall/Winter 2023-2024 ready-to-wear collection presented Thursday, March 2, 2023 in Paris. (AP Photo/Lewis Joly)

A model wears a creation as part of the Givenchy Fall/Winter 2023-2024 ready-to-wear collection presented Thursday, March 2, 2023 in Paris. (AP Photo/Lewis Joly)

PARIS (AP) — From Renaissance art to couture and celebrity interruptions, Paris Fashion Week shows continued in vibrant form — presenting the French capital’s final trends for fall-winter 2023-2024.

Here are some highlights of ready-to-wear collections Thursday:

GIVENCHY GETS FEMININE

The once-street and urban Matthew M. Williams uttered a word not often heard describing his designs: Elegant.

“Yes, I love elegance and the house is a very elegant house. It’s easy to find that way when you’re here,” he said following his fall show for the Parisian stalwart.

Find it this season he did. Williams went back to Hubert de Givenchy’s DNA and moved in a more fluid, gentle and feminine direction than previous seasons. It was a fresh, welcome evolution from his harder-edged aesthetic.

Menswear tailoring in black angular shouldered gowns and coats provided subtle contrasts against feminine touches, such as sheer chiffon that poked out underneath caressing a naked leg.

ADVERTISEMENT

Another sheer gown in pink chiffon with long fluttering train exposed hints of nipples and buttocks.

“I love that breath of air and skin and fluidity,” he said. “There’s always a dialogue with both, but the women’s is much more feminine (this season).”

Pieces were taken direct from the archive, such as a fish motif that the house founder once created, and Givenchy’s famed atelier made multiple couture garments including shimmering metal dresses, as well as evening gowns with off-kilter dropped or raised waists.

Beyond the fashion, Williams — an erstwhile collaborator with Kanye West and Lady Gaga — brings with him the razzmatazz that likely helped him get the job.

Jared Leto interrupted an interview with The Associated Press, exuberantly exclaiming: “Genius! Parfait! Beautiful. The best! And you can quote me.”

CHLOE’S HISTORY

Fall saw Gabriela Hearst growing in creative confidence with her beautiful and thoughtful Chloe display that riffed on the Renaissance.

Inspired by Artemisia Gentileschi, the pioneering 17th-century female painter, flattering scooped out shoulder details, long thick statement coats and flared textured pants were among standout garments that felt at once modern and historic — emanating a quiet feminist power.

ADVERTISEMENT

The baroque musing was handled with subtlety. A giant A-line puffer cape in ruffled Elizabethan segments came in restrained and contemporary black. While harlequin-style gowns came in just three colors — black, white and muted red – toying with color blocking.

The piece de resistance?

An eye-popping multicolored tapestry dress with sporty straps that was constructed of fabulous paneled images. The tapestry was inspired by Gentileschi’s painting “Esther before Ahasuerus,” the house said, and made by Mumbai’s Chanakya International embroidery studio that provides hand embroidery training for women from low-income communities. Its vibrancy also evoked the Modernist paintings hanging above the venue at the Pompidou Center’s National Museum of Modern Art.

Champagne-sipping stars such as Emma Roberts applauded from the front row.

ADVERTISEMENT

RICK OWENS’ DOUGHNUT

For fall, Rick Owens traveled again to the ancient world, specifically to the former pharaonic stronghold in the modern Egyptian city of Luxor. Yet the lauded American designer-cum-philosopher said the misery of the Ukraine war also influenced his collection.

“Times like these might call for a respectful formality and sobriety, with moments of delicacy as reminders of what is at risk and at stake,” he explained. Therefore, “clothes have been reduced to the simplest of shapes,” he added.

Fall proved that there’s simple, and then there’s Rick Owens simple. There was indeed an ancient rawness to slashed gowns, draped asymmetrically to reveal bare skin, in the collection of black and disco sheen.

A gargantuan inflated doughnut shape ticked the creative box and almost defied descriptions. It appeared in heavy rotation across the shoulder or on the front like a mouth devouring the chest. The shape also appeared doubled up in complex form in sequined violet and tan.

ADVERTISEMENT

It was an effective and eclectic fusion of contemporary art and ready-to-wear.

Owens also deserves praise for his eco-efforts. The leather in this collection was prepared through “veg tanning,” meaning that only vegetal and natural tannins were used in the process of tanning and preserving the leather.

VALENTINO PERFUME LAUNCH

And where would Paris Fashion Week be without its parties?

Thursday’s installment was for the launch of Valentino’s Born In Roma Intense fragrance, which saw armies of VIPs descend on the ornate Gaite Lyrique in Paris’ Marais.

Under a décor of real forest branches, guests took photos of themselves in kaleidoscope contraptions, posed by giant strobe V staging, drank champagne and got made up by professional make up artists in preparation for a performance by Christine and the Queens.

SHANG XIA’S SIMPLICITY

The brand sometimes known as the “Chinese Hermes” among fashion insiders put out a wearable and loose collection for fall in pastels with flashes of black.

ADVERTISEMENT

Creative director Yang Li of the brand launched in 2009, which also boasts Hermes investment, has a simple and effective approach.

Ties and knots created dynamic but gentle ruching in fabrics, alongside oversize red sweater-skirts that sported another skirt nonchalantly flapping out from underneath.

Backless and heel-less pointed leather stilettos were one of many fashion forward moments in a collection that gained power from not trying too hard.Father of cellphone sees dark side but also hope in new tech

Marty Cooper, the inventor of first commercial mobile phone, during an interview with The Associated Press during the Mobile World Congress 2023 in Barcelona, Spain, Monday, Feb. 27, 2023. The four-day show kicks off Monday in a vast Barcelona conference center. It's the world's biggest and most influential meeting for the mobile tech industry. (AP Photo/Joan Mateu Parra)

Marty Cooper, the inventor of first commercial mobile phone, during an interview with The Associated Press during the Mobile World Congress 2023 in Barcelona, Spain, Monday, Feb. 27, 2023. The four-day show kicks off Monday in a vast Barcelona conference center. It's the world's biggest and most influential meeting for the mobile tech industry. (AP Photo/Joan Mateu Parra)

BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — The man credited with inventing the cellphone 50 years ago had only one concern then about the brick-sized device with a long antenna: Would it work?

These days Martin Cooper frets like everybody else about his invention’s impacts on society — from the loss of privacy to the risk of internet addiction to the rapid spread of harmful content, especially among kids .

“My most negative opinion is we don’t have any privacy anymore because everything about us is now recorded someplace and accessible to somebody who has enough intense desire to get it,” said Cooper, who spoke with The Associated Press at the telecom industry’s biggest trade show in Barcelona, where he was receiving a lifetime award.

Yet the 94-year-old self-described dreamer also marvels at how far cellphone design and capabilities have advanced, and he believes the technology’s best days may still be ahead of it in areas such as education and health care.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Between the cellphone and medical technology and the Internet, we are going to conquer disease,” he said Monday at MWC, or Mobile World Congress .

Cooper, whose invention was inspired by Dick Tracy’s radio wristwatch, said he also envisions a future in which cellphones are charged by human bodies.

It’s a long way from where he started.

Cooper made the first public call from a handheld portable telephone on a New York City street on April 3, 1973, using a prototype that his team at Motorola had started designing only five months earlier.

To needle the competition, Cooper used the Dyna-TAC prototype — which weighed 2.5 pounds and was 11 inches long — to call to his rival at Bell Labs, owned by AT&T.

“The only thing that I was worried about: ‘Is this thing going to work?’ And it did,” he said.

The call helped kick-start the cellphone revolution, but looking back on that day Cooper acknowledges, “we had no way of knowing this was the historic moment.”

He spent the better part of the next decade working to bring a commercial version of the device to market, helping to launch the wireless communications industry and, with it, a global revolution in how we communicate, shop and learn about the world.

Still, Cooper said he’s “not crazy” about the shape of modern smartphones, blocks of plastic, metal and glass. He thinks phones will evolve so that they will be “distributed on your body,” perhaps as sensors “measuring your health at all times.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Batteries could even be replaced by human energy.

“You ingest food, you create energy. Why not have this receiver for your ear embedded under your skin, powered by your body?” he imagined.

While he dreams about what the future might look like, Cooper is attuned to the industry’s current challenges, particularly around privacy.

In Europe, where there are strict data privacy rules, regulators are concerned about apps and digital ads that track user activity, allowing technology and other companies to build up rich profiles of users.

“It’s going to get resolved, but not easily,” Cooper said. “There are people now that can justify measuring where you are, where you’re making your phone calls, who you’re calling, what you access on the Internet.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Smartphone use by children is another area that needs limits, Cooper said. One idea is to have “various internets curated for different audiences.”

Five-year-olds should be able to use the internet to help them learn, but “we don’t want them to have access to pornography and to things that they don’t understand,” he said.

As for his own phone use, Cooper says he checks email and does online searches for information to settle dinner table arguments.

However, “there are many things that I have not yet learned,” he said. “I still don’t know what TikTok is.”Anna Wong, niece of the late actress Anna May Wong, left, poses with Shannon Lee, daughter of the late martial arts actor Bruce Lee, at Douglas Park in Santa Monica, Calif., on Tuesday, March 7, 2023. They both discovered parallel experiences protecting the legacy of a family member who happens to be a Hollywood and Asian American icon. (AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes)

Anna Wong, niece of the late actress Anna May Wong, left, poses with Shannon Lee, daughter of the late martial arts actor Bruce Lee, at Douglas Park in Santa Monica, Calif., on Tuesday, March 7, 2023. They both discovered parallel experiences protecting the legacy of a family member who happens to be a Hollywood and Asian American icon. (AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes)

Almost every working Asian actor in Hollywood can trace their path back to Bruce Lee and Anna May Wong .

The Chinese American screen legends are typically talked about the way one talks about revered ancestors. One was a martial arts icon, the other an actor who stood out during the silent film era despite playing women who were either submissive or dragon ladies. Both are credited with demonstrating Asians could be more than just extras for movies about China or Chinatown.

Although Wong was born in 1905 in Los Angeles and Lee in 1940 in San Francisco, their families like to imagine they crossed paths.

“They may have. Well, they may have seen each other at like a party or something,” said Anna Wong, the elder Wong’s niece and namesake.

“My father was an actor when he was a child in Hong Kong. So, you know, he may have seen some of her films that came across,” Shannon Lee chimed in. ”He loved to see Hollywood films as well when he was young.”

Lee and Wong had never met before doing a recent joint Zoom interview with The Associated Press. They discovered parallel experiences protecting the legacy of a family member who happens to be an icon of both Hollywood and Asian America.

They have seen their relatives’ popularity ebb and flow over decades. They have grappled with bogus long-lost child claims, weird licensing requests and on-screen portrayals out of their control. But they’ve also seen how the fascination continues: There are museum exhibits, TV show projects and an American quarter tribute.

ADVERTISEMENT

With “Everything Everywhere All at Once” poised to snag trophies at the Oscars on Sunday — particularly for Asian cast members Michelle Yeoh and Ke Huy Quan — both women reflected on how things have changed since the blatantly racist practices that permeated Wong and Lee’s heydays.

Lee has a “soft spot” for Yeoh because she came from kung fu cinema like her father. She’s thrilled for Yeoh’s recognition, especially because for so long Hollywood used Bruce Lee to justify casting Asians only as characters there just to karate chop.

“Of course she’s doing action in the film but being recognized for her artistry and her acting and for all of that is really heartwarming for me to see,” she said. “And Ke as well who ... as a young kid was very sort of stereotyped and he was put in a box because of it.”

ADVERTISEMENT

It’s especially phenomenal when compared with Anna May Wong’s era, according to her niece.

“Back in those days, no one had an Asian man and an Asian woman in the lead roles,” Wong said. “It’s crazy how far we’ve come. But then again, how far are we?”

While Lee was 4 when her father died, Wong never met her aunt. She knew her as “the pretty lady” in the pictures her father — Anna May Wong’s brother — kept around the house.

“When he started telling me about the pretty lady, I was wanting to realize who she was,” Wong said. “And then I became obsessed with her films and seeing all kinds of things.”

Both grew up hearing stories of how Anna May Wong and Bruce Lee fought hard against stereotypes, yet were sometimes stuck in unwinnable situations.

ADVERTISEMENT

After gaining fame in movies like “The Thief of Bagdad” and “Shanghai Express,” Anna May Wong suffered one of the greatest disappointments of her life in 1937. She lost the lead role of a Chinese villager in “The Good Earth” to Luise Rainer, who was white. Rainer went on to win a best actress Oscar.

The younger Wong brings this up on the lecture circuit. Millennial audiences “find it completely irrational to say, ‘Okay, so let’s take a Caucasian person and make them up to look like an Asian person and ... no one will notice,’” Wong said.

“It’s actually a good thing that today’s generation thinks that that’s crazy,” Lee added.

Even earning a lead role didn’t necessarily mean a big payday for Asian talent. Before Bruce Lee went to Hong Kong and made hits like “The Big Boss” and “Fist of Fury,” he was Kato in “The Green Hornet.” The TV series premiered in 1966, only lasting a season and carrying a massive pay disparity.

“When you look at the pay stubs and then they say what everyone’s getting paid, he’s like way down on the bottom,” Lee said. “Hopefully, there’s changes happening there.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Neither actor was ever nominated for an Oscar. But the 2020 Netflix miniseries “Hollywood” depicted an alternate universe where Anna May Wong — played by Michelle Krusiec — won an Oscar. It created a nuisance for her niece and a reminder of a sad time in the actor’s life.

“After that series came out, people said, ‘Do you have her Oscar?’” Wong said. “I’m thinking, ‘You know that that series was fictionalized, right?’”

Quentin Tarantino’s 2019 flick “Once Upon a Time... in Hollywood” featured a fictitious scene of Bruce Lee picking (and losing) a fight with Brad Pitt’s stuntman character. His daughter criticized the cameo as nothing but “horrible tropes,” even penning an op-ed in The Hollywood Reporter.

“With this one film now everybody’s like, ‘Oh, that’s what Bruce Lee was really like,’” Lee told the AP. “No, that was not what he was like at all.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Anna May Wong died in 1961 at 56 and Bruce Lee died in 1973 at 32. All these years later, the interest in them hasn’t abated.

In a total coincidence, both families recently signed on as producers of biopics. Lee is working with Oscar-winning director Ang Lee (no relation), Wong with “Crazy Rich Asians” star Gemma Chan.

“Ang is a very earnest, gracious man. I think he wants to make a really great film,” said Lee, who’s been working on her movie for several years. “I would say in this moment I am cautiously optimistic.”

Wong almost walked away from her project when several self-proclaimed “Anna May Wong experts” reached out to producers — but they reassured her they’re “not going to take these people on when we can have an actual relative of Anna May Wong.”

They both also receive (and often deny) steady merchandising proposals like Anna May Wong teacups and Bruce Lee football helmets, snack bowls and tin guitars.

“I guess I have to say it does speak to the love that people have. So I’m grateful for that,” Lee said.

Both women hope people take away lessons in perseverance when looking at Bruce Lee’s and Anna May Wong’s lives. They were “symbols of what’s possible,” Lee said.

“For them to have gotten the opportunity to get on the screen, in the first place meant that they had extremely big energy, amazing work ethic and then they were able to accomplish the impossible in some way,” she added.

___

Tang is a member of The Associated Press’ Race and Ethnicity team. Follow her on Twitter at @ttangAP.Speaker of the House Kevin McCarthy, of Calif., right, speaks about the proposed legislation dubbed the "Parents Bill of Rights," Wednesday, March 1, 2023, next to Rep. Elise Stefanik, R-N.Y., on Capitol Hill in Washington. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)

Speaker of the House Kevin McCarthy, of Calif., right, speaks about the proposed legislation dubbed the "Parents Bill of Rights," Wednesday, March 1, 2023, next to Rep. Elise Stefanik, R-N.Y., on Capitol Hill in Washington. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)

WASHINGTON (AP) — House Republicans pressed ahead Wednesday with one of the central planks of their midterm election campaign, introducing legislation to give parents more of a say in school curriculum.

“That’s what today is all about: It’s about every parent, mom and dad, but most importantly about the students in America,” Speaker Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., said in introducing the bill at an event on Capitol Hill.

Reflecting the importance to the GOP agenda, the parents’ bill of rights is the first bill that McCarthy has formally announced as speaker. He was flanked at the event by dozens of parents and young children.

By turning ”parents rights” into a rallying cry, Republicans hope to harness the frustration with schools that reached a boiling point during the pandemic when educators grappled with masking requirements, closures and remote learning for children. Many states with Republican-controlled legislatures have already enacted similar measures .

ADVERTISEMENT

The proposal comes as the House Judiciary Committee has opened an investigation into the Justice Department and Department of Education for what Republicans contend is the mistreatment of parents who protested “woke” school board policies .

The GOP-led investigation is focusing on a letter the National School Boards Association , which represents school board members around the country, sent to the Justice Department in fall of 2021 outlining more than 20 instances of threats, harassment, disruption, and acts of intimidation in California, Florida, Georgia, New Jersey, Ohio and other states.

The letter cited the arrest that September of an Illinois man for aggravated battery and disorderly conduct for allegedly striking a school official at a meeting. In Michigan, a meeting was disrupted when a man performed a Nazi salute to protest masking.

“We are coming after you,” a letter mailed to an Ohio school board member said, according to the association. “You are forcing them to wear mask — for no reason in this world other than control. And for that you will pay dearly.” It called the board member “a filthy traitor.”

The term “parents’ rights” has been invoked over the last century in disputes related to home-schooling, sex education and even the teaching of foreign languages.

ADVERTISEMENT

Since the pandemic began, there was a shift where many parents joined a conservative movement pushing for state legislation giving them more oversight of their children’s schools. At issue are library books and course material, transgender students’ use of school bathrooms and the instruction of topics related to race, sexual orientation and gender identity.

Republicans capitalized on the issue during the November’s midterms election after seeing Republican Glenn Youngkin win Virginia’s race for governor in 2021 with his slogan “Parents matter.” The national party embraced the message, with conservative political action committees funneling millions of dollars to school board races in the wake of frustration over remote learning and school mask mandates.

ADVERTISEMENT

Democrats and education groups have argued that Republicans’ efforts to establish a “parents’ bill of rights” is an overreach that is proving to be more harmful to schools and educators than trying to empower parents.

“McCarthy would rather seek to stoke racial and social division and distract us from what will really help our students thrive: an inspiring, inclusive, and age-appropriate curriculum that prepares each and every one of them for their future,” the National Education Association, the nation’s largest teachers union, said in a statement Wednesday.

___

Associated Press writer Stephen Groves contributed to this report.FILE - A Tesla logo is seen on a vehicle on display in Austin, Texas, Wednesday, Feb. 22, 2023. On Wednesday, March 1, Tesla executives said the company will use innovative manufacturing techniques and smaller factories to cut the cost of its next generation of vehicles by as much as half of the ones it now builds. (AP Photo/Eric Gay, File)

FILE - A Tesla logo is seen on a vehicle on display in Austin, Texas, Wednesday, Feb. 22, 2023. On Wednesday, March 1, Tesla executives said the company will use innovative manufacturing techniques and smaller factories to cut the cost of its next generation of vehicles by as much as half of the ones it now builds. (AP Photo/Eric Gay, File)

DETROIT (AP) — In explaining why Tesla Inc. keeps cutting prices on its electric vehicles, the auto industry is pretty much divided into two camps.

On one side are analysts who see an aggressive move by the leading manufacturer of EVs to gobble up sales and market share from its competitors just as they’re beginning to bring more vehicles to market.

On the other side are critics who argue that with demand for Tesla’s older vehicles beginning to wane, the company feels forced to slash prices to attract buyers.

Over the weekend, Tesla cut the prices of its two costliest vehicles, from $5,000 to $10,000, or from 4.3% to just over 9%. A Model S two-motor sedan now starts at $89,990, with the Plaid “performance” version beginning at $109,990. A Model X SUV dual motor starts at $99,990, the performance version at $109,990.

It was the company’s second price cut of the year in the United States. In January, Tesla slashed prices on several versions of its EVs , making some of them eligible for a new federal tax credit. The company cut U.S. prices nearly 20% on some versions of its top-selling Model Y SUV. It also reduced the base price of the Model 3, its least expensive vehicle, by about 6%.

ADVERTISEMENT

Seth Goldstein, an analyst at Morningstar, suggested that Tesla is trying to strike a balance between securing the best prices possible and sustaining buyer demand so that its factories run fast enough to reduce the cost of producing each vehicle.

The company does have higher profit margins than other automakers, Goldstein said, in part because it has devised more efficient manufacturing methods and because EVs have fewer moving parts to assemble

“This could be a way for Tesla to hold off some of the new entrants” into the EV market, Goldstein said. The company is sending a message to rivals that “you have to offer the best technology at a compelling price while keeping your costs down.”

Goldstein said he doesn’t foresee additional Tesla price cuts this year, unless the U.S. economy were to slide into a recession.

Sales of the Models S and X represent only a fraction of Tesla’s overall sales, but they had been rising over the past two years. Still, from the third quarter of last year to the fourth quarter, their sales fell just over 8%.

ADVERTISEMENT

Sam Abuelsamid, e-mobility analyst for Guidehouse Research, noted that both models are expensive, out of reach of mainstream buyers. And they are aging, another factor in their flagging sales: The S debuted in 2012, the X in 2015.

Abuelsamid said he suspects that Tesla decided to cut prices after demand for the two higher-priced vehicles fell in January and February. Because Tesla reports sales only quarterly, its sales picture won’t be clear until early April.

The latest price cuts, he said, should reduce the values of used Teslas simply because the new ones will cost less.

Though Tesla updated the interiors, electronics and performance of its Plaid editions, their exteriors still look basically as they did when they were first introduced. As a result , Abuelsamid said, the Teslas look older than similar models being produced by startups and legacy automakers.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Under the skin there are a lot of differences” in the Teslas, he said. “Customers don’t really see those differences.”

During Tesla’s investor day event last week, CEO Elon Musk conceded that affordability remains a drag on sales.

“The desire for people to own a Tesla is extremely high,” Musk asserted. “The limiting factor is their ability to pay for a Tesla.”

In January, when Tesla announced its earlier price cuts, more versions of its popular Model Y small SUV became eligible for a $7,500 federal electric vehicle tax credit by bringing them under government price caps. That round of Tesla price cuts didn’t spark a price war as some analysts expected, though Ford did reduce the price of its Mustang Mach-E, a Model Y competitor.

Abuelsamid noted that there’s still limited availability for high-end luxury SUVs made by BMW, Mercedes-Benz and others because automakers aren’t producing many of them. Over time, he said, the other automakers could be forced to cut prices on their luxury models.FILE - General exterior view of SoFi Stadium before an NFL football game is shown on Sept. 13, 2020, in Inglewood, Calif. A private bank is trying to force the Biden administration to end its pause on federal student loan payments, arguing that the moratorium has no legal basis and has cost the bank millions of dollars in profits. SoFi Bank N.A. on Friday asked a federal judge to overturn President Joe Biden’s latest payment pause. (AP Photo/Kyusung Gong, File)

FILE - General exterior view of SoFi Stadium before an NFL football game is shown on Sept. 13, 2020, in Inglewood, Calif. A private bank is trying to force the Biden administration to end its pause on federal student loan payments, arguing that the moratorium has no legal basis and has cost the bank millions of dollars in profits. SoFi Bank N.A. on Friday asked a federal judge to overturn President Joe Biden’s latest payment pause. (AP Photo/Kyusung Gong, File)

WASHINGTON (AP) — A private bank is trying to force the Biden administration to end its pause on federal student loan payments , arguing the moratorium has no legal basis and has cost the bank, known for its refinancing business, millions of dollars in profits.

In a federal lawsuit filed Friday in Washington, SoFi Bank N.A. asked a federal judge to overturn President Joe Biden’s latest extension of the payment pause. Student loan payments first were halted at the start of the pandemic by President Donald Trump’s administration. The pause has been extended eight times over three years.

The bank says its federal student loan refinancing business has suffered because borrowers have little incentive to refinance while payments and interest remain on hold . At a minimum, the lawsuit asks a judge to limit the pause only to borrowers who would be eligible for Biden’s cancellation plan.

Biden’s latest extension, which was announced in November and could stretch as far as this summer, is unlawful on “multiple grounds,” the lawsuit claims.

ADVERTISEMENT

Unlike the first seven extensions, which were meant to help borrowers struggling as a result of the pandemic, the latest one was enacted solely in response to legal challenges to Biden’s plan for widespread student debt forgiveness, the lawsuit says. The plan is currently being challenged in the Supreme Court , which is expected to rule by June .

“The eighth extension does not even attempt to redress harm from the pandemic at all, but rather to alleviate ‘uncertainty’ caused by the debt-cancellation litigation,” SoFi says in the lawsuit.

SoFi argues that isn’t a valid reason authorized by the HEROES Act, the federal law the Biden administration has invoked to continue the pause. The bank also argues the extension violated the Administrative Procedure Act because the administration failed to invite feedback from the public.

The most recent extension has cost the bank at least $6 million in lost profits, SoFi says, and it could lead to a total of $30 million in losses if it continues through August.

“In essence, SoFi is being forced to compete with loans with 0% interest rates and for which any ongoing repayment of the principal is entirely optional,” the lawsuit says.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Education Department defended the legality of the pause, calling the lawsuit “an attempt by a multi-billion dollar company to make money while they force 45 million borrowers back into repayment.”

“The department will continue to fight to deliver relief to borrowers, provide a smooth path to repayment and protect borrowers from industry and special interests,” the agency said in a statement.

The lawsuit drew swift condemnation from borrower advocates, who called it a money grab at the expense of those struggling with student debt .

“The real story here is the huge risk this poses to tens of millions of working people who SoFi would never lend to — families across the country that depend on the student loan payment pause to shield them from financial devastation,” said Mike Pierce, executive director of the Student Borrower Protection Center. ___

The Associated Press education team receives support from the Carnegie Corporation of New York. The AP is solely responsible for all content.Attentive sled dogs await the start of the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race's ceremonial start in downtown Anchorage, Alaska, on Saturday, March 4, 2023. The smallest field ever of only 33 mushers will start the competitive portion of the Iditarod Sunday, March 5, 2023, in Willow, Alaska. (AP Photo/Mark Thiessen)

Attentive sled dogs await the start of the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race's ceremonial start in downtown Anchorage, Alaska, on Saturday, March 4, 2023. The smallest field ever of only 33 mushers will start the competitive portion of the Iditarod Sunday, March 5, 2023, in Willow, Alaska. (AP Photo/Mark Thiessen)

WILLOW, Alaska (AP) — The race to Nome began Sunday for 33 mushers in this year’s Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race in Alaska.

Jessie Holmes. an Alabama native living in the Alaska community of Brushkana, was the first musher to leave across a frozen lake about 70 miles (112 kilometers) north of Anchorage. Holmes works as a carpenter and appears on the reality television show “Life Below Zero.”

Other mushers left in two-minute intervals. They will travel nearly a thousand miles (1,609 kilometers) over the unforgiving Alaska winterscape, climbing over two mountain ranges, mushing on frozen rivers and streams and across the treacherous Bering Sea ice. The winner is expected to drive their sled dog team down Nome’s Front Street to the iconic burled arch finish line in about 10 days.

Leading the charge will be defending champion Brent Sass, a kennel owner and wilderness guide who lives on a homestead about a four-hour drive northwest of Fairbanks.

ADVERTISEMENT

Also competing is Pete Kaiser, the 2019 champion. The 33 mushers in the race is the smallest field ever. The very first race, held in 1973, had 34 mushers, but the average number of starters in the first 50 races was 63.

Only having two former champions in the race this year is a rarity.

Several veteran mushers have decided to retire or take a break from the Iditarod, including five-time champion Dallas Seavey, four-time winners Martin Buser and Jeff King and three-time champ Mitch Seavey.Soccer pundit Gary Lineker leaves his home following reports that the BBC is to have a "frank conversation" with the ex-England striker after comments he made on the government's new asylum policy that aims to bar people from seeking asylum if they arrive in the U.K., in London, Thursday March 9, 2023. Lineker drew a mix of praise and criticism for saying some of the government’s language was “not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the '30s.”(James Manning/PA via AP)

Soccer pundit Gary Lineker leaves his home following reports that the BBC is to have a "frank conversation" with the ex-England striker after comments he made on the government's new asylum policy that aims to bar people from seeking asylum if they arrive in the U.K., in London, Thursday March 9, 2023. Lineker drew a mix of praise and criticism for saying some of the government’s language was “not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the '30s.”(James Manning/PA via AP)

Former England captain Gary Lineker was temporarily removed on Friday from his role as presenter of the BBC’s flagship soccer highlights show in the wake of his criticism of the British government’s new asylum policy.

The long-running “Match of the Day” program, which has been a national institution in Britain since the 1960s, will be aired on Saturday “without studio presentation or punditry,” the BBC said in an extraordinary development after a slew of Lineker’s colleagues announced they wouldn’t appear on the show without him.

In a post on Tuesday on his Twitter account that has 8.7 million followers, Lineker — one of England’s greatest soccer players and now among the U.K.’s most influential media figures — compared lawmakers’ language about migrants to that used in Nazi Germany.

The BBC considers Lineker posting such views on social media as a breach of its guidelines. The network said it held discussions with Lineker over his involvement in “Match of the Day,” which is broadcast on Saturday nights and shows highlights of English Premier League games that day.

ADVERTISEMENT

“The BBC has decided that he will step back from presenting ‘Match of the Day,’” the broadcaster said, “until we’ve got an agreed and clear position on his use of social media.

“We have never said that Gary should be an opinion-free zone, or that he can’t have a view on issues that matter to him, but we have said that he should keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies.”

Lineker has yet to make an official comment, though one of his former colleagues on the BBC — Dan Walker — said he had been in contact with Lineker and asked him “whether he is stepping back or whether the BBC have told him to step back.”

Walker said Lineker replied to him that the BBC “told me I have to step back.”

“So Gary Lineker wants to continue to present ‘Match Of The Day’ and is not apologizing for what he has said,” Walker said on Channel 5, where he works, “but he has said it’s a BBC decision to force him to not present the program at the moment.”

In solidarity with Lineker, Alan Shearer and Ian Wright — former England players who work as pundits on “Match of the Day” — said on Twitter they would not be appearing on the program this weekend.

ADVERTISEMENT

After more of his BBC co-workers, like former soccer players Alex Scott, Jermaine Jenas and Micah Richards, said they would not want to work on “Match of the Day” because of the treatment of Lineker, the BBC took the decision to change the format of the show.

“Some of our pundits have said that they don’t wish to appear on the program while we seek to resolve the situation with Gary,” the BBC said.

“We understand their position and we have decided that the program will focus on match action without studio presentation or punditry.”

Conservative lawmakers in Britain have called on the BBC to discipline Lineker, the network’s highest-paid star on 1.35 million pounds ($1.6 million) last year, for saying the government’s plan to detain and deport migrants arriving by boat is “an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s.”

ADVERTISEMENT

The government has called Lineker’s Nazi comparison inappropriate and unacceptable, and some lawmakers said he should be fired.

The 62-year-old Lineker was a household name in Britain well before he became a smooth, knowledgeable presenter of sports shows on the BBC and other broadcasters. He was the leading scorer at the 1986 World Cup and finished his international career with 48 goals in 80 matches for England.

His club career included spells with Barcelona, Tottenham, Everton and Leicester.

The BBC, which is funded by a license fee paid by all households with a television, has a duty to be impartial and news staff are barred from expressing political opinions. As a freelancer who doesn’t work in news or current affairs, Lineker isn’t bound by the same rules and he often delves into politics and human rights issues with his tweets.

ADVERTISEMENT

The BBC’s neutrality has come under recent scrutiny over revelations that its chairman, Richard Sharp — a Conservative Party donor — helped arrange a loan for then Prime Minister Boris Johnson in 2021, weeks before he was appointed to the BBC post on the government’s recommendation.

___

More AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsKatja Rivera, 64, is a massage therapist and theater director in Berkeley, California, who says she’s never earned more than about $30,000 a year. When her two daughters were small, she sometimes earned much less.

But Rivera was married for 10 years to a man who has consistently earned much more than she has. When Rivera retires in a few years, she expects to receive a Social Security check based on her ex’s greater earnings.

Many divorced people don’t realize they can get Social Security benefits derived from their ex-spouse’s work history, says William Meyer, founder of Social Security Solutions, a website that helps people determine when and how to claim Social Security. Those who are aware of the benefits often misunderstand crucial details and can make decisions that cost them tens of thousands of dollars over their lifetimes, he says.

Here are the basics: You may qualify for benefits based on your ex’s work record if your marriage lasted at least 10 years. Any benefit you receive won’t affect the amounts your ex, your ex’s current spouse or any of your ex’s other ex-spouses will receive.

ADVERTISEMENT

However, the rules for these benefits depend on whether your ex is alive or dead.

WHEN YOUR EX IS ALIVE: DIVORCED SPOUSAL BENEFITS

If your ex is still alive and you haven’t remarried, you may qualify for divorced spousal benefits. This benefit could be up to 50% of what the ex would get at full retirement age, which is currently between age 66 and 67.

You would get a divorced spousal benefit only if it’s greater than the amount you’ve earned on your own work record when you apply. Social Security pays the higher of the two amounts — not both. Divorced spousal benefits end if you remarry.

To apply, you must be at least 62. Your ex must be at least 62 as well, or receiving Social Security disability benefits. If your ex is entitled to retirement benefits but hasn’t started them, at least two years must have passed since the divorce for you to qualify for a divorced spousal benefit.

However, applying for Social Security too early has some significant costs. Your benefits are permanently reduced if you apply before your own full retirement age. Your payment also would be subject to the earnings test, which withholds $1 for each $2 you earn over a certain amount: For 2023, that number is $21,240.

ADVERTISEMENT

Making the right choice is important because you can’t switch from a divorced spousal benefit to your own benefit later — even if your own is eventually larger. (Your own retirement benefit can grow over time if you continue to work. In addition, you can earn “delayed retirement credits” that increase your retirement benefit by 8% for each year you put off applying, between your full retirement age and 70, when benefits max out.)

WHEN YOUR EX IS DEAD: DIVORCED SURVIVOR BENEFITS

If Rivera’s ex dies before she does, she could be eligible for a different payment: the divorced survivor benefit.

This benefit is more generous in many ways. The divorced survivor benefit can be up to 100% of what your ex was receiving. You can apply for this benefit as early as age 60, or age 50 if you’re disabled. As with divorced spousal benefits, the amount will be reduced and subject to the earnings test if you start before your own full retirement age.

ADVERTISEMENT

But you can be married and still get divorced survivor benefits based on an ex’s work record, as long as you remarried at 60 or older. Plus, you can switch from a divorced survivor’s benefit . For example, you could start with a divorced survivor benefit as early as age 60 and then change to your own retirement benefit at 70, if it’s larger.

YOU MAY NEED TO CALL YOUR EX

Rivera is confident that half of her ex’s benefit will be more than her own, even if she waited to apply until her own retirement benefit maxes out at 70. To know for sure, though, she’d need to ask her ex to share his Social Security statement — something she’s not comfortable doing.

You can easily check your own earnings record and projected benefit amounts by setting up a “my Social Security” account at www.ssa.gov . These figures can help you calculate how to maximize your benefit, using free claiming calculators like the one at AARP or more sophisticated paid calculators, such as Social Security Solutions (starting at $20) or Maximize My Social Security (starting at $39).

ADVERTISEMENT

But you can’t get similar access to an ex’s record, Meyer notes. Without asking your ex to share their statement, you may not know how much your divorced benefits are worth until you actually apply. That can make it tough to plan ahead and maximize your lifetime Social Security income, Meyer says.

“Even though you may not want to call your ex, this may be the one time it’s worth making a phone call,” he says.

__________________________

This column was provided to The Associated Press by the personal finance website NerdWallet. The content is for educational and informational purposes and does not constitute investment advice. Liz Weston is a columnist at NerdWallet, a certified financial planner and author of “Your Credit Score.” Email: lweston@nerdwallet.com. Twitter: @lizweston.

ADVERTISEMENT

RELATED LINKS:

NerdWallet: Social Security explained https://bit.ly/nerdwallet-social-security-explained

Social Security: Manage benefits and information https://www.ssa.gov/

AARP: Social Security calculator https://www.aarp.org/retirement/social-security/benefits-calculator/Models wear creations as part of the Christian Dior Fall/Winter 2023-2024 ready-to-wear collection presented Tuesday, Feb. 28, 2023 in Paris. (Vianney Le Caer/Invision/AP)

Models wear creations as part of the Christian Dior Fall/Winter 2023-2024 ready-to-wear collection presented Tuesday, Feb. 28, 2023 in Paris. (Vianney Le Caer/Invision/AP)

PARIS (AP) — After Milan, global fashion’s spotlight shifted to the final stretch of ready-to-wear shows in Paris on Tuesday, as the industry looks to the future with all the final fall trends.

But displays in the French capital will also revisit the past this week, with homages to recently deceased designers Vivienne Westwood and Paco Rabanne.

Here are some highlights of Tuesday’s fall-winter 2023-2024 collections, including Dior:

DIOR’S REBELS

A surreal and colorful organic world awaited guests inside Paris’ Tuileries gardens.

A spectacular Dior installation suggestive of a giant octopus spanned the length and breadth of the runway, its color-rich fabric tentacles gleaming with thousands of tiny lights. It was the work of Portuguese artist Joana Vasconcelos, who wanted to explore how organic form interacted with the “feminine realm of artisanal savoir-faire.” It made for a dazzling backdrop especially given the flurry of paparazzi flashes snapping guests including model Elle Macpherson, K-pop star Jisoo and actresses Maisie Williams and Charlize Theron.

ADVERTISEMENT

If the decor seemed futuristic, designer Maria Grazia Chiuri used the past as a touchstone in the clothes, resulting in less exuberance — but no less flair.

Three women -- the house founder’s sister Catherine Dior, a French resistance hero, as well as French singers Edith Piaf and Juliette Greco, each described as “rebellious, at once strong and fragile” -- were muses in this collection. It channeled the 1950s, Christian Dior’s heyday.

A vintage air was evoked in a faded black leather menswear coat, crumpled houndstooth skirt and wrinkled woolen socks.

Elsewhere, sweaters and skirts sported extra volume in the shoulders or hips in a nod to the thicker fabrics of the post-war period. Stand out pieces included a black textured skirt hung heavily with thousands of embellished flowers that cut a fine androgynous figure below a white shirt and tie. While mottled fabric featured a gleaming metallic thread sewn into it, revealing the skills of Dior’s atelier.

Chiuri’s empowering styles impressed Theron, who told The AP: “She loves women. And in loving women she understands that a woman is feminine but also masculine. We’re vulnerable and we’re strong. We’re contradictions. We’re a little bit of everything, and I love that she has that wisdom.”

ADVERTISEMENT

SAINT LAURENT ACCENTUATES SHOULDERS

Haunting discordant organ music, wafting incense perfume and dark lighting led VIPs such as Dua Lipa, Rose and Catherine Deneuve to a bewitching black runway lit dimly by five hanging golden chandeliers.

The venue intended to evoke the Intercontinental Hotel ballroom, so said the house, where YSL presented its couture collections for decades until 2001.

Regardless of the inspiration, it was clear that drama was in the air for Anthony Vaccarello this fall -- indicating that the lauded Saint Laurent designer is in a buoyant creative mood.

This season, theatrically sculpted and elongated shoulders defined silhouettes. The jutting shoulders -- on fluid gowns, minidresses and tuxedo “tailleur-jupes” above pencil skirts -- were so big that sashes and scarves were able to literally hang off, as if on scaffolding. So big in fact that one fashion insider commented that they might have been able to sweep the walls of Paris’ famously narrow hallways.

ADVERTISEMENT

The result was a bold, top-heavy silhouette reminiscent of the 1980s – infused with styles from the early noughties, such as big hoop earrings and pointed-toe heels.

Some looks oozed mystique such as one pearly satin top with draped hood and pointy shoulders, worn atop slim pants on a model with infinitely long legs.

Elsewhere there were plays in transparency thanks to mousseline, chiffon and crepe-de-chine fabrics alongside see-through stockings.

MAME KUROGOUCHI, PAST AND FUTURE

The Japanese ready-to-wear brand of Mame Kurogouchi delves edgily between past and present, mixing traditional dressmaking with new technologies.

This was on full display at fall’s minimalist take on the 80s — as far as a decade that exuberant can be minimalist.

ADVERTISEMENT

A gray pantsuit with crisp clean lines had a futuristic feel with a diagonal dynamic. A black scarf that gripped the neck like a hand tugged down the shoulder, complementing a black space age fanny pack that evoked a cummerbund.

A pared down color palette created a sanitized feel that worked nicely on the 80s references — broad, flat apron silhouettes, hoods and thickly textured top-heavy ensembles.

VAQUERA GETS ITS KINK ON

“Obscene dress” read one emblazoned T-shirt at Vaquera’s rather saucy collection. Although the look was among the least kinky in a show that served up inches of flesh, studded chokers, bare torsos, shredded bondage gear and multiple takes on 90s grunge and denim jeans.

This was the sophomore showing in Paris for designers Patric DiCaprio and Bryn Taubensee, who came to prominence six years ago in New York with their iconic U.S. flag gown. After a more commercial season last year, the talented duo got back to their bold antics.

ADVERTISEMENT

Black-heavy, the concise 12-look display began with a masked headpiece and a patch over one breast on a naked female torso. The other breast was covered by the model’s gloved hand. It would be a difficult look to wear on the street, but it got guests’ cameras snapping. Next, a black cotton top constructed of myriad shreds for volume – and edge. A skirt was deconstructed in flaps to evoke a bondage outfit, worn alongside a thermal hat in a woolen take on a bondage mask.This illustration released by Instacart depicts the grocery delivery company's app which can integrate ChatGPT to answer customers' food questions. (Instacart, Inc. via AP)

This illustration released by Instacart depicts the grocery delivery company's app which can integrate ChatGPT to answer customers' food questions. (Instacart, Inc. via AP)

Even if you haven’t tried artificial intelligence tools that can write essays and poems or conjure new images on command, chances are the companies that make your household products are already starting to do so.

Mattel has put the AI image generator DALL-E to work by having it come up with ideas for new Hot Wheels toy cars. Used vehicle seller CarMax is summarizing thousands of customer reviews with the same “generative” AI technology that powers the popular chatbot ChatGPT.

Meanwhile, Snapchat is bringing a chatbot to its messaging service. And the grocery delivery company Instacart is integrating ChatGPT to answer customers’ food questions.

Coca-Cola plans to use generative AI to help create new marketing content. And while the company hasn’t detailed exactly how it plans to deploy the technology, the move reflects the growing pressure on businesses to harness tools that many of their employees and consumers are already trying on their own.

ADVERTISEMENT

“We must embrace the risks,” said Coca-Cola CEO James Quincey in a recent video announcing a partnership with startup OpenAI — maker of both DALL-E and ChatGPT — through an alliance led by the consulting firm Bain. “We need to embrace those risks intelligently, experiment, build on those experiments, drive scale, but not taking those risks is a hopeless point of view to start from.”

Indeed, some AI experts warn that businesses should carefully consider potential harms to customers, society and their own reputations before rushing to embrace ChatGPT and similar products in the workplace.

“I want people to think deeply before deploying this technology,” said Claire Leibowicz of The Partnership on AI, a nonprofit group founded and sponsored by the major tech providers that recently released a set of recommendations for companies producing AI-generated synthetic imagery, audio and other media. “They should play around and tinker, but we should also think, what purpose are these tools serving in the first place?”

Some companies have been experimenting with AI for a while. Mattel revealed its use of OpenAI’s image generator in October as a client of Microsoft, which has a partnership with OpenAI that enables it to integrate its technology into Microsoft’s cloud computing platform.

ADVERTISEMENT

But it wasn’t until the November 30 release of OpenAI’s ChatGPT, a free public tool, that widespread interest in generative AI tools began seeping into workplaces and executive suites.

“ChatGPT really sort of brought it home how powerful they were,” said Eric Boyd, a Microsoft executive who leads its AI platform. ”That’s changed the conversation in a lot of people’s minds where they really get it on a deeper level. My kids use it and my parents use it.”

There is reason for caution, however. While text generators like ChatGPT and Microsoft’s Bing chatbot can make the process of writing emails, presentations and marketing pitches faster and easier, they also have a tendency to confidently present misinformation as fact. Image generators trained on a huge trove of digital art and photography have raised copyright concerns from the original creators of those works.

ADVERTISEMENT

“For companies that are really in the creative industry, if they want to make sure that they have copyright protection for (the outputs of) those models, that’s still an open question,” said attorney Anna Gressel of the law firm Debevoise & Plimpton, which advises businesses on how to use AI.

A safer use has been thinking of the tools as a brainstorming “thought partner” that won’t produce the final product, Gressel said.

“It helps create mock ups that then are going to be turned by a human into something that is more concrete,” she said.

And that also helps ensure that humans don’t get replaced by AI. Forrester analyst Rowan Curran said the tools should speed up some of the “nitty-gritty” of office tasks — much like previous innovations such as word processors and spell checkers — rather than putting people out of work, as some fear.

“Ultimately it’s part of the workflow,” Curran said. “It’s not like we’re talking about having a large language model just generate an entire marketing campaign and have that launch without expert senior marketers and all kinds of other controls.”

ADVERTISEMENT

For consumer-facing chatbots getting integrated into smartphone apps, it gets a little trickier, Curran said, with a need for guardrails around technology that can respond to users’ questions in unexpected ways.

Public awareness fueled growing competition between cloud computing providers Microsoft, Amazon and Google, which sell their services to big organizations and have the massive computing power needed to train and operate AI models. Microsoft announced earlier this year it was investing billions more dollars into its partnership with OpenAI, though it also competes with the startup as a direct provider of AI tools.

Google, which pioneered advancements in generative AI but has been cautious about introducing them to the public, is now playing catch up to capture its commercial possibilities including an upcoming Bard chatbot. Facebook parent Meta, another AI research leader, builds similar technology but doesn’t sell it to businesses in the same way as its big tech peers.

ADVERTISEMENT

Amazon has taken a more muted tone, but makes its ambitions clear through its partnerships — most recently an expanded collaboration between its cloud computing division AWS and the startup Hugging Face, maker of a ChatGPT rival called Bloom.

Hugging Face decided to double down on its Amazon partnership after seeing the explosion of demand for generative AI products, said Clement Delangue, the startup’s co-founder and CEO. But Delangue contrasted his approach with competitors such as OpenAI, which doesn’t disclose its code and datasets.

Hugging Face hosts a platform that allows developers to share open-source AI models for text, image and audio tools, which can lay the foundation for building different products. That transparency is “really important because that’s the way for regulators, for example, to understand these models and be able to regulate,” he said.

It is also a way for “underrepresented people to understand where the biases can be (and) how the models have been trained,” so that the bias can be mitigated, Delangue said.Store displays advertising in Arabic that reads "Italian clothes and shoes for 9.99 $" in Beirut, Lebanon, Wednesday, March 1, 2023. Lebanon started pricing consumer goods in U.S. dollars Wednesday as the value of the Lebanese pound hit new lows. (AP Photo/Hassan Ammar)

Store displays advertising in Arabic that reads "Italian clothes and shoes for 9.99 $" in Beirut, Lebanon, Wednesday, March 1, 2023. Lebanon started pricing consumer goods in U.S. dollars Wednesday as the value of the Lebanese pound hit new lows. (AP Photo/Hassan Ammar)

BEIRUT (AP) — When Moheidein Bazazo opened his Beirut mini-market in 1986, during some of the fiercest fighting in Lebanon’s civil war, he didn’t expect it to thrive. But several years later, he had shelves full of food and needed 12 employees to help him manage a bustling business.

Those days are over. Bazazo now mostly works alone, often in the dark to reduce his electric bill. Regular customers are struggling to make ends meet, and as they buy less so does he, leaving some shelves and refrigerators bare.

With the Lebanese economy in shambles and its currency in free fall , Bazazo spends much of his time trying to keep up with a fluctuating exchange rate. Businesses like his are increasingly leaning on one of the world’s most reliable assets — the U.S. dollar — as a way to cope with the worst financial crisis in its modern history.

“I once lived a comfortable life, and now I’m left with just about $100 after covering the shop’s expenses” at the end of the month, Bazazo said, crunching numbers into a calculator. “Sometimes it feels like you’re working for free.”

ADVERTISEMENT

The Lebanese pound has lost as much as 98% in value since late 2019, and now most restaurants and many stores are demanding to be paid in dollars. The government recently began allowing grocery stores like Bazazo’s to start doing the same.

While this “dollarization” aims to ease inflation and stabilize the economy, it also threatens to push more people into poverty and deepen the crisis.

That’s because few in Lebanon have access to dollars to pay for food and other essentials priced that way. But endemic corruption means political and financial leaders are resisting the alternative to dollarization: long-term reforms to banks and government agencies that would end wasteful spending and jump-start the economy.

Other countries like Zimbabwe and Ecuador have turned to the dollar to beat back hyperinflation and other economic woes, with mixed success. Pakistan and Egypt also are struggling with crashing currencies but their economic crises are largely tied to an outside event — Russia’s war in Ukraine, which has caused food and energy prices to soar.

Lebanon’s woes are much of its own making.

As the country felt the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, a deadly Beirut port explosion in 2020 and Russia’s invasion Ukraine, its central bank simply printed more currency, eroding its value and causing inflation to soar.

ADVERTISEMENT

Three-quarters of Lebanon’s 6 million people have fallen into poverty since the 2019 crisis began. Crippling power cuts and medicine shortages have paralyzed much of public life.

Currency shortages prompted banks to limit withdrawals, trapping millions of people’s savings. It’s led some in desperation to hold up banks to forcibly take back their money .

The damage of the last few years was magnified by decades of economic mismanagement that allowed the government to spend well beyond its means. The head of the country’s Central Bank was recently charged with embezzling public funds and other crimes.

The pulverized Lebanese pound fluctuates almost hourly. Though officially pegged to the dollar since 1997, the pound’s value is dictated now by an opaque black market rate that has become standard for most goods and services.

ADVERTISEMENT

Last month, its value fell from about 64,000 pounds to the dollar to 88,000 on the black market, while the official rate is 15,000. Making things worse for a country reliant on imported food, fuel and other products priced in dollars, the government recently tripled the amount of tax — in Lebanese pounds — that importers must pay on those goods.

This will likely lead to more price hikes. For small businesses, it could means selling products at a loss just minutes after stacking them on the shelves.

Dollarization could give the impression of greater financial stability, but it also will widen already vast economic inequalities, said Sami Zoughaib, an economist and research manager at Beirut-based think tank the Policy Initiative.

“We have a class that has access to dollars … (and) you have another portion of the population that earns in Lebanese pounds that have now seen their income completely decimated,” Zoughaib said.

ADVERTISEMENT

The shift to a more dollar-dominated economy happened not by government decree, but by companies and individuals refusing to accept payment in a currency that relentlessly loses value.

First, luxury goods and services were priced in dollars for the wealthy, tourists and owners of private generators, who have to pay for imported diesel. Then it was most restaurants. And now grocery stores.

Caretaker Economy Minister Amin Salam said the Lebanese pound was “used and abused” over the past three years and that dollarizing grocery stores will bring some stability to fluctuating exchange rates.

As more people and businesses reject the local currency, the dollar gradually becomes the de facto currency. The lack of trust in the Lebanese pound has become irreversible, said Layal Mansour, an economist specializing in financial crises in dollarized countries.

ADVERTISEMENT

“People are fed up with the fluctuation of the dollar rate, and having to spend lots of time changing it, so practically, on a societal level, it’s better to use dollars,” Mansour said. “This is the end of the Lebanese pound as we know it.”

Without a strategy to address the economy’s underlying problems, the government “is allowing this to happen,” said Lawrence White, an economics professor at George Mason University.

Dollarization means the Central Bank can’t keep printing currency that fuels inflation, and having a more reliable currency might create more confidence for businesses. But many people could be further squeezed if Beirut officially adopts the greenback as its currency.

Millions in Lebanon who tolerated the dollarization of luxury items may not respond similarly to groceries, whose prices were already surging at some of the highest rates globally.

Over 90% of the population earns their income in Lebanese pounds, according to a 2022 survey by the International Labor Organizaton and the Lebanese government’s statistics agency. Families that receive money from relatives abroad spend much of it keeping the lights on and covering medical expenses.

They would have to be paid in dollars to adequately adjust, which most businesses and employers, especially the Lebanese state, are short on.

Public school teachers have been on strike for three months because their salaries barely cover the cost of gasoline to commute. Telecom workers are threatening walkouts because their wages have not been adjusted to the Lebanese pound’s falling value.

Lebanon is nowhere near implementing the kinds of reforms needed for an International Monetary Fund bailout, such as restructuring banks and inefficient government agencies, reducing corruption, and establishing a credible and transparent exchange-rate system.

Zoughaib, the Beirut economist, said he fears the absence of sound policy and economic reforms means that dollarization will likely only deepen poverty, making it even more difficult for families to pay for health care, education and food.

Bazazo, the market owner, acknowledges that pricing in dollars will help him manage his finances and cut a small portion of his losses but worries it will drive away some customers.

“Let’s see what happens,” Bazazo said, sighing. “They’re already complaining.”

___

AP Business Writer Paul Wiseman in Washington contributed to this report.FILE - The band Lynyrd Skynyrd, from left, Gary Rossington, Billy Powell, Artimus Pyle, Ed King and Bob Burns appear backstage after being inducted at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in New York on March 13, 2006. Rossington, the iconic band's last surviving cofounder, who died Sunday, March 5, was also perhaps the last flag pole in a once powerful part of American culture: Southern rock. (AP Photo/Stuart Ramson, File)

FILE - The band Lynyrd Skynyrd, from left, Gary Rossington, Billy Powell, Artimus Pyle, Ed King and Bob Burns appear backstage after being inducted at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in New York on March 13, 2006. Rossington, the iconic band's last surviving cofounder, who died Sunday, March 5, was also perhaps the last flag pole in a once powerful part of American culture: Southern rock. (AP Photo/Stuart Ramson, File)

NORFOLK, Va. (AP) — Lynyrd Skynyrd guitarist Gary Rossington, who died Sunday , made it big when rock ‘n’ roll was still a defining cultural force on par with today’s TikTok trends and superhero movies.

The iconic band’s last surviving co-founder was also perhaps the last flagpole in a once-powerful part of American music: Southern rock. Or at least a rebellious version of it that later became loosely tied to conservative politics and didn’t shy away from some of the problematic symbols of the South.

“They’re the band that sort of codified a lot of what we think of as Southern rock,” said Stephen Thomas Erlewine, a music critic who writes for AllMusic, Pitchfork and Rolling Stone.

Lynyrd Skynyrd sang about Southern life while playing a form of muscular and gritty blues rock. The music could be raw or bloom into an extended guitar solo, like on their anthem “Free Bird.”

But the Lynyrd Skynyrd of 2023 bears little resemblance to the one of nearly 50 years prior, when the original incarnation featured a group of long-haired musicians who fit into the American counterculture and were certainly not embraced by Nixon-era Republicans, Erlewine said.

ADVERTISEMENT

The band’s use of the Confederate flag back then was seen as “part of their rebellious streak,” Erlewine said. They didn’t really view the battle flag “as insurrectionist or pro-slavery, but more as garden variety rebellion,” he said.

In more recent decades, though, the band came to represent a more specific brand of politics, especially after the distinctions between Southern rock and country blurred and their audiences mixed.

Some of the band’s current members have been openly political. Last year, current lead vocalist Johnny Van Zant penned a song with his brother Donnie — apart from the band — that praised Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis, a potential Republican presidential candidate in 2024 . Erlewine said the band’s sound — and that of Southern rock in general — eventually became “a sort of Red State, old-fashioned rock.”

The original members of Lynyrd Skynyrd, which released its first album in 1973, had an intense musical chemistry and were harder and grittier than other groups lumped under the Southern rock banner, such as The Allman Brothers Band and The Marshall Tucker Band.

ADVERTISEMENT

They came to have three guitarists, whose layers produced a thick, brawny sound that could become “a locomotive for solos,” Erlewine said.

But the label “Southern rock” was nebulous at best, said Alan Paul, a music journalist who interviewed Rossington several times for Guitar World and for his upcoming book, “Brothers and Sisters: The Allman Brothers Band and the Inside Story of the Album That Defined the ’70s.”

The most accurate way to describe the genre shaped by wide-ranging influences “would be rock bands who sounded distinctly Southern — they didn’t hide anything about their Southernness,” Paul said.

The Georgia-based Allman Brothers Band hated the term, Paul said, because it was too reductive. But Lynyrd Skynyrd embraced the Southern rock label “to the point of making people uncomfortable,” Paul said.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Florida band’s pervasive “Sweet Home Alabama” was a response to Neil Young’s “Alabama” and “Southern Man,” which rebuked slavery in the South. The song name-checks Young and obliquely references Alabama Gov. George Wallace, a staunch segregationist who later softened his views.

The band’s original lead singer and songwriter, Ronnie Van Zant, claimed the reference wasn’t supporting Wallace.

“A lot of people believed in segregation and all that. We didn’t. We put the ‘boo, boo, boo’ there saying, ‘We don’t like Wallace,’” Rossington concurred, in a documentary interview.

But Paul said he doesn’t really believe that — “I don’t think most people do.” Paul cites a memoir written by the band’s original manager, Alan Walden, who said Ronnie Van Zant was “a Wallace man all the way.”

And yet Erlewine also points out that Van Zant wrote a 1975 song, “Saturday Night Special,” that subtly questioned the uses of handguns.

“There was definitely a reactionary conservatism in parts of Skynyrd, but they could not be seen strictly in terms of what you would think of as conservative politics,” Erlewine said of their first incarnation.

ADVERTISEMENT

A 1977 plane crash killed Ronnie Van Zant, guitarist Steve Gaines and backing vocalist Cassie Gaines and injured Rossington. The band reformed a decade later with Johnny Van Zant taking his older brother’s role. Rossington was among the returning members and, as the lineup continued to change, would remain.

It was this reconstituted version of Lynyrd Skynyrd that seemed to really embrace a more conservative image, Erlewine and Paul each said.

In the 1990s, the group’s audiences began to overlap with those of Hank Williams Jr. and Charlie Daniels, a Southern rock pioneer whose sound became more country.

“A lot of the sounds that were progressive in the ’70s and rock-based became incorporated into country music, and became the sound of country music,” Erlewine said. “Lynyrd Skynyrd doesn’t really play country music but there’s an overlap between the audiences ... it all becomes sort of like a certain kind of Southern music.”

ADVERTISEMENT

He added: “Certain images, certain sounds, certain ideas were set in place. And it’s easier to keep playing to that stuff, because that’s where the audience is.”

The still touring Lynyrd Skynyrd regularly used the Confederate battle flag in their live shows for decades . Rossington told CNN in 2012 that the band would stop using the flag because of its association with hate groups, but then walked back the comment to say they would continue to use it, alongside the state flag of Alabama and the American flag.

These days, musicians who could be seen as honoring the cultural and musical ideas of 1970s Southern rock — and building upon them — tend to be more progressive politically, Erlewine said. They include Jason Isbell and groups such as the Tedeschi Trucks Band and the Drive-By Truckers who’ve also sung about life in the South.

The Truckers’ 2001 album “Southern Rock Opera” examined misconceptions about the South, Lynyrd Skynyrd’s legend and Wallace’s legacy, among other things.

“I was a (Skynyrd) fan in elementary school, which is when they were actually making records,” the band’s Patterson Hood told The Associated Press in 2002, saying he rediscovered a love for their music after buying a vinyl copy of the pre-crash double live set “One More for the Road” years later.

“After the crash, I didn’t really care for the other Southern rock being made at that time,” Hood said. “A lot of Southern rock took a right-wing direction after the plane crash.”

In the span of half a century, Lynyrd Skynyrd morphed from playing pivotal rock ‘n’ roll into a near tribute band to itself. They were rebellious longhairs who became entrenched in a culture aligned with the conservative establishment. And Rossington was there for all of it, with his rhythmic and crunchy guitar keeping the band rooted.

“This kind of rocker is gone now,” Erlewine said of Lynyrd Skynyrd’s last surviving original member.

Added Paul: “Lynyrd Skynyrd was one of the biggest bands of the mid to late ’70s. When rock and roll was really at the center of the cultural conversation — in a way that arguably hasn’t been since and certainly isn’t now.”Berlin to let everyone go topless at public swimming pools

A boy jumps into the water at the Olympic open air public pool in Berlin, Germany, May 21, 2014. Women in Berlin will soon be allowed to go topless at the city's public pools, the Berlin state government said Thursday. The new bathing rules to allow both men and women to go swimming without covering their upper bodies came in reaction to a woman's complaint alleging discrimination because she was not allowed to swim topless in a swimming pool in Berlin, like men. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber, File)

A boy jumps into the water at the Olympic open air public pool in Berlin, Germany, May 21, 2014. Women in Berlin will soon be allowed to go topless at the city's public pools, the Berlin state government said Thursday. The new bathing rules to allow both men and women to go swimming without covering their upper bodies came in reaction to a woman's complaint alleging discrimination because she was not allowed to swim topless in a swimming pool in Berlin, like men. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber, File)

BERLIN (AP) — Women in Berlin will soon be allowed to go topless at the city’s public swimming pools, like men, the Berlin state government said Thursday.

The new bathing rules allowing everyone to go swimming without covering their torsos followed a discrimination complaint by a woman who was not allowed to go topless in a swimming pool in the capital.

The woman, whose identity was not revealed, had turned to the senate’s ombudsperson’s office for equal treatment to demand that women, like men, can swim topless, the Berlin senate for justice, diversity and anti-discrimination said in a written statement.

In reaction to the complaint and the ombudsman’s involvement in the case, the Berliner Baederbetriebe, which runs the city’s public pools, decided to change its clothing rules, the statement said.

“The ombudsperson’s office very much welcomes the decision of the Baederbetriebe, because it establishes equal rights for all Berliners, whether male, female or non-binary, and because it also creates legal certainty for the staff at the Baederbetriebe,” said Doris Liebscher, the head of the ombudsperson’s office.

ADVERTISEMENT

In the past, women who bared their breasts at Berlin pools were asked to cover themselves or to leave the pool, and were sometimes banned from returning.

“Now it is important that the regulation is applied consistently and that no more expulsions or house bans are issued,” Liebscher said.

It was not immediately clear when exactly the new bathing rules would be applied.This combination of photos shows promotional art for the 95th Academy Awards, airing Sunday on ABC, left, and the HBO series "The Last of Us, airing Sunday on HBO. (ABC/HBO via AP)

This combination of photos shows promotional art for the 95th Academy Awards, airing Sunday on ABC, left, and the HBO series "The Last of Us, airing Sunday on HBO. (ABC/HBO via AP)

Will Joel and Ellie finally reach the doctors in “The Last of Us”? Will Michelle Yeoh take home the Oscar for best actress ?

Both questions will be answered this Sunday, but viewers may have to make a choice about which answer they want in real time. The season finale of the HBO hit is up against the live telecast of the Oscars on ABC.

Of course, there’s an opportunity to see both. The Oscars begin at 8 p.m. Eastern; “ The Last of Us ” airs at 9 p.m. Viewers could begin their night watching the Oscars, click over to “The Last of Us,” and return for the ceremony’s last hour. That’s when the biggest categories are usually handed out, but that plan comes with the risk of missing any buzzy, unscripted moments. And if you choose to stick with the Oscars throughout? You risk spoilers on the fate of Bella Ramsey and Pedro Pascal’s characters.

The debate essentially boils down to zeitgeist, says Robert Thompson, a professor at Syracuse University specializing in media and director for the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Watching television isn’t just about watching a show. ... It’s about talking about it and putting your two cents in,” Thompson said. “I suspect a lot of people are going to want to talk about ‘The Last of Us,’ and get on their keyboards and talk to others, and all of that kind of thing.”

Thompson says the Oscars have “more to lose” in the match up against the apocalyptic, mushroom-infected zombie video game adaptation.

Last year’s telecast reached an estimated 15.36 million viewers, an improvement from the record low 9.85 million who tuned in to watch in 2021. The Oscars have advertising dollars at stake, which is not something that the premium cable channel HBO has to worry about (although “The Last of Us” did attract a series high of 8.1 million viewers for its penultimate episode).

“The Oscars really is a live event, which you really need to watch live to register the ratings for the broadcast. That’s the audience that they’re counting,” Thompson said. “If people choose to watch ‘The Last of Us,’ that’s going to eat into the Oscars ratings. If people choose to watch the Oscars, they’ve got lots of other times to watch ‘The Last of Us.’”

Interestingly, HBO did concede to the ratings behemoth that is the Super Bowl, dropping the fifth episode of “The Last of Us” on HBO Max and HBO On Demand early last month, on the Friday before the big game. The channel aired the episode as the Philadelphia Eagles played against the Kansas City Chiefs (for the record: The Chiefs were victorious and that Super Bowl was the third most-watched TV show in history, with an average of 113.1 million people watching, per Nielsen).

ADVERTISEMENT

The network has no official explanation for that programming move and a publicist for the network said they have “nothing to contribute” on their decision to keep the schedule as is during the Oscars.

Pascal, however, gets the best of both worlds on Sunday. “The Last of Us” star will also present at the Academy Awards. It’s unclear when in the three-hour telecast he’ll appear.

So which channel will you watch the internet’s favorite dad on? ABC or HBO?

___

For more coverage of the Oscars, visit https://apnews.com/hub/academy-awardsIt’s almost Oscars time. Here’s everything you need to know

From a stage streaker and Jennifer Lawrence's stumble to Will Smith's slap, here are five of the most unforgettable Oscars moments.

From a stage streaker and Jennifer Lawrence's stumble to Will Smith's slap, here are five of the most unforgettable Oscars moments.

NEW YORK (AP) — Hollywood is gearing up for the 95th Academy Awards, where “Everything Everywhere All at Once” comes in the lead nominee and the film industry will hope to move past “the slap” of last year’s ceremony. Here’s everything you need to know about the 2023 Oscars, including when they are, where to watch the live show and this year’s controversies.

___

WHEN ARE THE OSCARS?

The Oscars will be held Sunday, March 12, at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. The ceremony is set to begin at 8 p.m. EDT and be broadcast live on ABC.

CAN YOU STREAM THE OSCARS?

The broadcast can be streamed with a subscription to Hulu Live TV, YouTubeTV, AT&T TV and Fubo TV. Some of these services offer brief free trials. You can also stream the show on ABC.com and on the ABC app by authenticating your provider.

WHO’S HOSTING?

Jimmy Kimmel will host for the third time and his first time since 2018. That was also the last Oscars to feature a solo host. The show went hostless for several years after Kimmel’s last outing. Last year, Regina Hall, Amy Schumer and Wanda Sykes hosted as a trio. In an ad for this year’s show styled after “Top Gun: Maverick,” Kimmel made his humble case for being the right person for the job while noting that he can’t get slapped because “I cry a lot.”

ADVERTISEMENT

WHAT’S NOMINATED FOR BEST PICTURE AT THE 2023 OSCARS?

The 10 movies competing for best picture are: “All Quiet on the Western Front,” “Avatar: The Way of Water,” “The Banshees of Inisherin,” “Elvis,” “Everything Everywhere All at Once,” “The Fabelmans,” “Tár,” “Top Gun: Maverick,” “Triangle of Sadness,” “Women Talking.” Here’s a guide to how you can watch them.

WHO’S PRESENTING?

Presenters include: Halle Bailey, Antonio Banderas, Elizabeth Banks, Jessica Chastain, John Cho, Andrew Garfield, Hugh Grant, Danai Gurira, Salma Hayek Pinault, Nicole Kidman, Florence Pugh and Sigourney Weaver. They join a previously announced group including: Riz Ahmed, Emily Blunt, Glenn Close, Jennifer Connelly, Ariana DeBose, Samuel L. Jackson, Dwayne Johnson, Michael B. Jordan, Troy Kotsur, Jonathan Majors, Melissa McCarthy, Janelle Monáe, Deepika Padukone, Questlove, Zoe Saldaña and Donnie Yen. A third wave was announced Thursday: Halle Berry, Paul Dano, Cara Delevingne, Harrison Ford, Kate Hudson, Mindy Kaling, Eva Longoria, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Andie MacDowell, Elizabeth Olsen, Pedro Pascal and John Travolta.

ADVERTISEMENT

WHAT ELSE IS IN STORE FOR THE SHOW?

The Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences has said that winners to all categories will be announced live on the show. (Last year, some categories were taped in a pre-show, something that caused an uproar among academy members.) All signs point to a full slate of musical performances, with Rihanna performing “Lift Me Up” from “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever” and Rahul Sipligunj and Kaala Bhairava singing Chandrabose and M.M. Keeravaani’s “Naatu Naatu” from “RRR.” Nominee Lady Gaga, on the other hand, will not sing “Hold My Hand,” from “Top Gun: Maverick,” during the show. On Monday, show producers announced that Lenny Kravitz will deliver the “In Memoriam” performance.

ADVERTISEMENT

WHO ARE THE FAVORITES?

Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert’s indie sci-fi hit “Everything Everywhere All at Once” comes in with a leading 11 nominations. Close on its heels, though, is the Irish friends-falling-out dark comedy “The Banshees of Inisherin,” with nine nods, a total matched by Netflix’s WWI film “All Quiet on the Western Front.” Michelle Yeoh (“Everything Everywhere All at Once”) may have a slight edge on Cate Blanchett (“Tár”) for best actress. Best actor is harder to call, with Brendan Fraser (“The Whale”) and Austin Butler (“Elvis”) in the mix. In the supporting categories, Angela Bassett (“Black Panther: Wakanda Forever”) and Ke Huy Quan (“Everything Everywhere All at Once”) are the frontrunners, though Jamie Lee Curtis’ Screen Actors Guild Awards win may have thrown a wrench into the supporting actress category. Steven Spielberg (“The Fabelmans”) may win his third best director Oscar, though the Daniels may have emerged as the frontrunners. AP Film Writers Lindsey Bahr and Jake Coyle are predicting a big haul for “Everything Everywhere All at Once.”

WHAT’S BEEN CONTROVERSIAL THIS YEAR?

Aside from the usual snubs and surprises, this year’s biggest to-do has been the debate surrounding Andrea Riseborough’s unexpected nomination for best actress. Riseborough was nominated for the little-seen, Texas-set drama “To Leslie” after many A-list stars rallied around her performance. When two other best-actress contenders — Danielle Deadwyler (“Till”) and Viola Davis (“Woman King”) — were snubbed, some saw that as a reflection of racial bias in the film industry . The academy launched an inquiry into the star-studded, grassroots campaign for Riseborough but found no reason to rescind her nomination.

WHAT ELSE SHOULD YOU LOOK FOR?

Just the reading of the title to one of this year’s short film nominees should prompt a wave of giggles. John Williams (“The Fabelmans”), up for best score, is the oldest nominee ever, at 90 years old. After historic back-to-back best-director wins by Chloé Zhao (“Nomadland”) and Jane Campion (“The Power of the Dog”) , no women were nominated this year for best director. Also don’t expect to see Will Smith at the Oscars anytime soon. After striking Chris Rock at last year’s ceremony, Smith was banned by the film academy from attending for 10 years . In a live Netflix special on Saturday, Rock finally punched back at Smith with a blistering stand-up set about the incident.

___

For more on this year’s Oscars, visit: https://apnews.com/hub/academy-awardsFILE - People visit the Magic Kingdom Park at Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Fla., April 18, 2022. The first meeting of the new board of Walt Disney World’s government — overhauled by sweeping legislation signed by Republican Gov. Ron DeSantis as an apparent punishment for Disney publicly challenging Florida’s so-called “Don’t Say Gay” bill — dealt with the rote affairs any other municipal government handles. Board members on Wednesday, March 8, 2023, faced calls for better firefighter equipment, lessons on public records requests and bond ratings. (AP Photo/Ted Shaffrey, File)

FILE - People visit the Magic Kingdom Park at Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Fla., April 18, 2022. The first meeting of the new board of Walt Disney World’s government — overhauled by sweeping legislation signed by Republican Gov. Ron DeSantis as an apparent punishment for Disney publicly challenging Florida’s so-called “Don’t Say Gay” bill — dealt with the rote affairs any other municipal government handles. Board members on Wednesday, March 8, 2023, faced calls for better firefighter equipment, lessons on public records requests and bond ratings. (AP Photo/Ted Shaffrey, File)

LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (AP) — The first meeting of the new board of Walt Disney World’s government — overhauled by sweeping legislation signed by Republican Gov. Ron DeSantis as punishment for Disney publicly challenging Florida’s so-called “Don’t Say Gay” bill — dealt with the rote affairs any other municipal government would handle: calls for better firefighter equipment, lessons on public records requests and bond ratings.

But the five board members appointed by DeSantis hinted Wednesday at future controversial actions they may take, including prohibiting COVID-19 restrictions at Disney World and recommending the elimination of two cities that were created after the Florida Legislature in 1967 approved the theme park resort’s self-governance.

The board also approved hiring the same law firm that advised the governor’s office in making changes to the governing district to help interpret the new legislation.

ADVERTISEMENT

For the most part, the new board members listened in a hotel ballroom outside Disney World as members of the public and workers from the district’s departments explained what they do.

Martin Garcia, the board’s new chair, said the major distinction between the old board controlled by Disney and the new one appointed by DeSantis will be a broader constituency encompassing more than just a single company, instead also representing workers and residents of surrounding communities.

“You didn’t elect us, but the people of Florida elected a governor who appointed us,” Garcia said. “I see there will be much broader representation.”

The other new board members for what has been rechristened the Central Florida Tourism Oversight District included Bridget Ziegler, a conservative school board member and wife of the Florida Republican party chairman Christian Ziegler; Brian Aungst Jr., an attorney and son of a former two-term Republican mayor of Clearwater; Mike Sasso, an attorney; and Ron Peri, head of The Gathering USA ministry.

They replaced a board that had been controlled by Disney during the previous 55 years that the government operated as the Reedy Creek Improvement District.

The new name will require a new logo to replace the old one that’s on 123 vehicles, 300 trash cans and 1,000 manhole covers, district administrator John Classe told board members.

ADVERTISEMENT

The takeover of the Disney district by DeSantis and the Florida Legislature began last year when the entertainment giant, facing intense pressure, publicly opposed “Don’t Say Gay,” which bars instruction on sexual orientation and gender identity in kindergarten through third grade, as well as lessons deemed not age-appropriate.

DeSantis moved quickly to penalize the company, directing lawmakers in the GOP-dominated Legislature to dissolve Disney’s self-governing district during a special legislative session, beginning a closely watched restructuring process.

In taking on Disney, DeSantis furthered his reputation as a culture warrior willing to battle perceived political enemies and wield the power of state government to accomplish political goals, a strategy that is expected to continue ahead of his potential White House run.

ADVERTISEMENT

After the meeting, Josh D’Amaro, chairman of Disney Parks, Experiences & Products, said in a statement that he was hopeful the new board would continue to maintain “the highest standards” for the resort’s infrastructure, set by its predecessor, and support ongoing growth at the resort.

During public comments at Wednesday’s meeting, the leader of the union for the district’s firefighters, which had clashed with the previous board, welcomed the new members, calling the new board “a fresh start.” Jon Shirey urged the new board to devote resources to purchasing new fire trucks, improving pay and increasing staff, saying the 32 firefighters who are on duty each day is just two more than it was in 1989.

“It’s safe to say that Disney has grown exponentially,” Shirey said.

___

Follow Mike Schneider on Twitter at @MikeSchneiderAPHow passengers teamed up to restrain man on chaotic flight

This still image from video provided by Lisa Olsen shows a man who federal authorities have identified as Francisco Severo Torres as he moves through the cabin on a weekend flight from Los Angeles to Boston, Sunday, March 5, 2023. Federal authorities said Torres tried to open the airliner's emergency exit and then tried to stab a flight attendant with a broken spoon. (Lisa Olsen via AP)

This still image from video provided by Lisa Olsen shows a man who federal authorities have identified as Francisco Severo Torres as he moves through the cabin on a weekend flight from Los Angeles to Boston, Sunday, March 5, 2023. Federal authorities said Torres tried to open the airliner's emergency exit and then tried to stab a flight attendant with a broken spoon. (Lisa Olsen via AP)

BOSTON (AP) — A passenger who helped restrain a threatening man on a weekend flight from Los Angeles to Boston said Tuesday that the entire chaotic episode was over within seconds thanks to teamwork.

Simik Ghookasian said in a telephone interview that he was seated several rows behind the man, who had quietly tried to open an airliner’s emergency door before trying to stab a flight attendant with a broken metal spoon, according to prosecutors.

“I heard the guy getting louder and louder and I thought it was just an argument, but he started yelling and screaming and threatening people, threatening to kill them,” said Ghookasian, a Los Angeles government contractor flying to Boston on United Flight 2609 on Sunday for work.

Until the yelling, he hadn’t noticed anything unusual about the man, who federal authorities have identified as Francisco Severo Torres.

Ghookasian said he saw the spoon and he was among five or six passengers who piled onto Torres and removed it from his grasp. It turned out to be the handle of a metal spoon, from which the bowl portion had been broken off, authorities said.

ADVERTISEMENT

“That guy was really strong and was really resisting,” Ghookasian said. “We had a hard time holding him down. It was total teamwork.”

Ghookasian asked a flight attendant for some zip ties or duct tape, and the flight attendant produced some zip ties.

Ghookasian, who said he has first aid and counter-terrorism training, said he didn’t have time to be scared, he just reacted and used his instincts.

“Everything just exploded in a few seconds,” he said.

Torres, 33, of Leominster, Massachusetts, was arrested when the plane arrived in Boston and charged with interference and attempted interference with flight crew members and attendants using a dangerous weapon, federal prosecutors said. He was detained pending a hearing scheduled for Thursday.

The plane was about 45 minutes from Boston when the crew received an alarm that a side door on the aircraft was disarmed, according to court documents. One flight attendant noticed the door’s locking handle had been moved. Another flight attendant had noticed that Torres was seen near the door and believed he had moved the handle.

Airplane doors cannot be opened once in flight due to cabin pressure.

ADVERTISEMENT

The crew told the captain that he was a threat and the plane should be landed as soon as possible, authorities said.

Then Torres approached two flight attendants, according to the court documents. One of the flight attendants felt the metal object in Torres’ hand hit him on his shirt collar and tie three times.

Torres told investigators that he went into the airplane’s bathroom and broke a spoon in half to make a weapon, prosecutors said in the documents. They say he told authorities he wanted to open the door so that he could jump out of the plane.

Investigators said Torres admitted knowing that if he opened the door many people would die.

Torres said the flight attendants confronted him and he stabbed one of them in an attempt to defend himself, according to investigators. They said he believed the flight attendant was trying to kill him.

ADVERTISEMENT

Authorities did not say where Torres got the spoon, but TSA rules allow airline passengers to bring metal utensils except knives onto planes.

United Airlines said no one was injured.

“Thanks to the quick action of our crew and customers, one customer was restrained after becoming a security concern on United flight 2609 from Los Angeles to Boston,” the company statement said. “The flight landed safely and was met by law enforcement.”

If convicted of the charges against him, Torres could face life in prison.

An email seeking comment from him was sent to his federal public defender, and a voicemail was left.

Torres has previously sued two mental health facilities where he was patient, according to federal court records. He sued the state-run Worcester Recovery Center and Hospital in March 2021, alleging medical malpractice for misdiagnosis. That suit was dismissed several months later.

He also sued Fuller Hospital in Attleboro, Massachusetts last May, alleging his constitutional rights were violated because he was a vegan and was denied almond milk. The suit was dismissed in June.

In both cases he acted as his own attorney.SANTA CRUZ, Calif. (AP) — More than 9,000 California residents were under evacuation orders Friday as a new atmospheric river brought heavy rain, thunderstorms and strong winds, swelling rivers and creeks and flooding several major highways and small rural communities.

In Santa Cruz County, a creek bloated by rain destroyed a portion of Main Street in Soquel, a town of 10,000 people, isolating several neighborhoods. Crews were working to remove trees and other debris and find a way for people to cross the creek, county officials said .

County authorities asked the town’s residents to stay indoors. Heather Wingfield, a teacher who runs a small urban farm with her husband in Soquel, said she and her neighbors were, for the time being, trapped in their homes as Bates Creek rushed through what was once Main Street.

“It’s horrible,” she said. “Hopefully no one has a medical emergency.”

Wingfield said her neighbors’ water infrastructure was also washed out, but that her family’s well would keep them with running water. She said the floods so far weren’t impacting their farm, where families in the neighborhood pick pumpkins, squash and sunflowers every summer.

Wingfield said living near Soquel Creek has meant being aware there might be floods, but “never did I imagine it would wash out a culvert.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Evacuations were ordered in nearby Watsonville where creek water spilled over and filled roadways with several feet of water, threatening dozens of homes with flooding. At one home, chickens inside a backyard coop perched on a bar near the roof to avoid the water.

In central California, the Tule River overflowed its banks and flooded several homes. Videos posted on social media showed a handful of homes and cars under a few feet of water and at least one road washed out by the rushing river in Springville, a Tulare County town of about 1,000 people in the foothills of the southern Sierra Nevada.

Evacuation orders were ordered for other areas of the county, including parts of the small community of Cutler because of a levee break and areas of Exeter because a creek overflowed its banks.

There were also flash floods in Kernville, another foothill town in Kern County. Officials said there were no injuries reported or calls for rescue by Friday afternoon but that the river, known to locals as “Killer Kern,” continued to rise.

Morgan Lynn Searcy, 24, lives near the river and said her neighborhood is under an evacuation warning. She has been keeping an eye on the rising waters in case she and her boyfriend need to leave.

“It was double in size if not triple overnight,” she said.

Several public parks nearby, including the Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Parks, were closed to visitors due to the ongoing heavy rain.

In the San Francisco Bay Area, flooding blocked portions of several major highways, including Interstate 580 in Oakland, disrupting travel. And Peet’s Coffee, a California-based chain, reported that after a heavy storm, an investigation is underway to determine the cause of a roof collapse that killed a worker at a distribution center leased by the company in Oakland.

Martin Gonzalez, 57, had worked there for 17 years. Another worker received minor injuries, the company said.

ADVERTISEMENT

The storm marked the state’s 10th atmospheric river of the winter, storms that have brought enormous amounts of rain and snow to the state and helped lessen the drought conditions that had dragged on for three years. State reservoirs that had dipped to strikingly low levels are now well above the average for this time of year, prompting state officials to release water from dams to assist with flood control and make room for even more rain.

State transportation officials said Friday they removed so much snow from the roadways in February that it would be enough to fill the iconic Rose Bowl 100 times.

Democratic Gov. Gavin Newsom has declared emergencies in 34 counties in recent weeks, and the Biden administration approved a presidential disaster declaration for some on Friday morning, a move that will bring more federal assistance into the state.

Emergency officials have warned people to stay off the roads if they can and to carefully heed flash flood warnings.

ADVERTISEMENT

The atmospheric river, known as a “Pineapple Express” because it brought warm subtropical moisture across the Pacific from near Hawaii, was melting lower parts of the huge snowpack built in California’s mountains. Snow levels in the Sierra Nevada, which provides about a third of the state’s water supply, are more than 180% of the April 1 average, when it is historically at its peak.

The snowpack at high elevations is so massive it was expected to be able to absorb the rain, but snow below 4,000 feet (1,219 meters) could start to melt, potentially contributing to flooding, forecasters said.

Lake Oroville — one of the most important reservoirs in the state and home to the nation’s tallest dam — has so much water that officials on Friday opened the dam’s spillways for the first time since April 2019. The reservoir’s water has risen 180 feet (54.8 meters) since Dec. 1. Of the state’s 17 major reservoirs, seven are still below their historical averages this year.

Despite record rainfall in January, Newsom worried it would stop raining and asked state water regulators to temporarily suspend some environmental rules to let the state take more water out of rivers and streams to store for later. But it has rained so much since then that on Thursday regulators rescinded their previous order to allow more water to stay in the rivers.

State water managers were also grappling with the best way to use the storms to help emerge from a severe drought. On Friday, Newsom signed an executive order making it easier for farmers and water agencies to use floodwater to refill underground aquifers. Groundwater provides on average about 41 percent of the state’s supply each year. But many of these underground basins have been overdrawn in recent years.

Forecasters warned that mountain travel could be difficult to impossible during the latest storm. At high elevations, the storm was predicted to dump heavy snow, as much as 8 feet (2.4 meters) over several days.

Yet another atmospheric river is already in the forecast for early next week. State climatologist Michael Anderson said a third appeared to be taking shape over the Pacific and possibly a fourth.

California appeared to be “well on its way to a fourth year of drought” before the early winter series of storms, Anderson said. “We’re in a very different condition now,” he added.

___

Rodriguez reported from San Francisco. Associated Press writers John Antczak in Los Angeles, Adam Beam in Sacramento and Beatrice Dupuy contributed.FILE - In this Oct. 15, 2020 file photo, Hawaii resident Ryan Sidlow carries his son Maxwell as their family boards a United Airlines flight to Hawaii at San Francisco International Airport in San Francisco. The Transportation Department is rolling out a “dashboard” to let travelers see at a glance which airlines help families with young children sit together at no extra cost. The announcement Monday, March 6, 2023 comes as the department works on regulations to prevent families from being separated on planes. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File)

FILE - In this Oct. 15, 2020 file photo, Hawaii resident Ryan Sidlow carries his son Maxwell as their family boards a United Airlines flight to Hawaii at San Francisco International Airport in San Francisco. The Transportation Department is rolling out a “dashboard” to let travelers see at a glance which airlines help families with young children sit together at no extra cost. The announcement Monday, March 6, 2023 comes as the department works on regulations to prevent families from being separated on planes. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File)

The Transportation Department is rolling out a “dashboard” to let travelers see at a glance which airlines help families with young children sit together at no extra cost.

The announcement Monday comes as the department works on regulations to prevent families from being separated on planes.

It’s the latest salvo in the Biden administration’s efforts to clamp down on what it calls “ junk fees ” and to put pressure on airlines to improve service.

The dashboard rewards airlines with a green check if they guarantee that an adult family member can sit next to their young children if seats are available. On Monday, only three of the 10 U.S. airlines listed on the website received a green check: Alaska, American and Frontier.

The site also includes links to each airline’s customer policies.

“Parents traveling with young kids should be able to sit together without an airline forcing them to pay junk fees,” Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg said in a release announcing the dashboard. He gave his department credit for pressuring airlines, “and now we’re seeing some airlines start to make this common-sense change.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Airlines “already work to accommodate customers who are traveling together, especially those traveling with children, and will continue to do so,” said Hannah Walden, a spokeswoman at Airlines for America, a trade group whose members include the six largest U.S. carriers. “Each carrier has established individual policies, but all make every effort to ensure families sit together.”

This year, several carriers have pledged to make changes in their seating policies.

Last month, Frontier Airlines said it would automatically seat at least one parent next to any child under 14.

Last week, American Airlines updated its customer-service plan with a guarantee that children 14 and under would be seated next to an accompanying adult at no extra cost.

United Airlines said it would let families with children under 12 to pick adjoining seats at no extra cost starting in early March in certain fare classes. The announcement seemed to fall short of Transportation standards however, because the department issued a notice last July that it intends to ban extra charges to have a family adult sit next to children up to age 13.

The new dashboard builds on a site that the Transportation Department started last year to detail compensation for passengers whose flights are canceled or delayed.This image provided by The Hershey Company shows the company's new plant-based Reese's peanut butter cups. Hershey said Tuesday, March 7, 2023, that Reese’s plant-based peanut butter cups will be its first plant-based chocolate sold nationally when they go on sale in March. A second vegan offering, Hershey’s plant-based extra creamy with almonds and sea salt, will follow in April. (The Hershey Company via AP)

This image provided by The Hershey Company shows the company's new plant-based Reese's peanut butter cups. Hershey said Tuesday, March 7, 2023, that Reese’s plant-based peanut butter cups will be its first plant-based chocolate sold nationally when they go on sale in March. A second vegan offering, Hershey’s plant-based extra creamy with almonds and sea salt, will follow in April. (The Hershey Company via AP)

Reese’s Peanut Butter Cups are getting the vegan treatment.

The Hershey Co. said Tuesday that Reese’s Plant Based Peanut Butter Cups, which go on sale this month, will be its first vegan chocolates sold nationally. A second plant-based offering, Hershey’s Plant Based Extra Creamy with Almonds and Sea Salt, will follow in April.

The chocolates are made with oats instead of milk, Hershey said.

Hershey has experimented with vegan chocolate before. It sold an oat-based chocolate bar called Oat Made in some test markets starting in 2021. But the new products will be the first sold throughout the U.S. under the “Plant Based” label.

Hershey said consumers want choice and are looking for products they consider healthier or with fewer ingredients, including reduced sugar and plant-based options. Hershey also introduced an organic version of Reese’s Cups in February 2021.

Younger consumers, in particular, are looking to reduce consumption of animal-based products, says Euromonitor, a market research firm. In a 2021 survey, Euromonitor found that 54% of Generation Z consumers were restricting animal-based products from their diets, compared to 34% of Baby Boomers.

ADVERTISEMENT

Nestle has sold its KitKat V, a vegan KitKat bar, in Europe since 2021, while Cadbury sells a vegan chocolate bar in the United Kingdom. But so far, U.S. vegan chocolate options have generally been limited to premium brands, like Lindt, or organic chocolatiers like Hu Kitchen.

Hershey said it developed plant-based versions of Reese’s Cups and Hershey bars __ some of its most popular products __ because there’s a dearth of mainstream plant-based chocolates in the U.S. market.

The plant-based versions will cost more. Hershey wouldn’t share details because it said retailers set final prices. But Rite Aid lists a 1.4-ounce package of two plant-based Reese’s Cups at $2.49; that’s about $1 more than consumers would pay for a regular package. Hershey charges a similar premium for organic versions of its Reese Cups, which went on sale in 2021.

And ditching the dairy won’t cut calories. While Hershey didn’t release all of the nutritional facts, the 1.4-ounce package of plant-based Reese’s Cups have 210 calories; that’s the same number of calories as a 1.5-ounce package of traditional Reese’s Cups.