AP PHOTOS: Residents face new reality in retaken Kherson

KHERSON, Ukraine (AP) — When Ukraine wrested back Kherson from Russian occupiers nearly a month ago, it was a moment of glory and pride, hailed as the beginning of the end of the war. But hardship for the city’s residents was far from over.

Though free from Russia’s control, the southern city and its surroundings are still living the consequences of nearly nine months of occupation, and feeling the deadly proximity of the Russian forces, now stationed across the Dnieper River.

Taken early in the war, in March, parts of the Kherson region were held by Russia until November, when Ukrainians swept the area, regaining control of the main city — Kherson, with a pre-war population of 200,000 — and other Russian-controlled zones.

The liberation came just weeks after Russia unlawfully annexed Kherson and three more regions following sham referendums. But the Russians dug in on the other side of the Dnieper, with Kherson within reach of their artillery.

ADVERTISEMENT

Ever since, almost daily shelling and power and water outages have become a new reality. In the cold, people can be seen queuing for food or water rations. They mourn their dead and cover the bodies of new shelling victims that lie in pools of blood. Some draw water from the Dnieper, risking Russian sniper bullets from the other bank.

Unlike villages and towns directly on the frontline, the city of Kherson seemed relatively unscathed. When they regained control in mid-November, Ukrainian authorities organized concerts and the city rejoiced, briefly forgetting the war. Residents hailed arriving troops as heroes and wrapped themselves in Ukrainian flags that soldiers autographed. All beamed with pride and happiness.

Just weeks later, sirens herald ambulances carrying people hurt in the latest shelling. Evidence of possible atrocities by Russian occupiers has emerged in accounts of alleged torture. Facing frequent electricity outages, lines of people charge their phones at communal power spots in the city parks. At night, residents with flashlights rummage through the rubble of their bombed homes.

Some can’t take it. They pack belongings in their cars, take their pets and head for somewhere safer, hoping the war will end soon allow them to return home.

ADVERTISEMENT

Those who stay are defiant and ready to endure hardship. Children play at abandoned checkpoints raising a Ukrainian flag despite nearby explosions, and other residents seek to shame suspected Russian collaborators tied up in public.

Elsewhere, a framed photo of Russia’s President Vladimir Putin lies on the ground, its glass smashed.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

Follow AP’s coverage of the war in Ukraine at: https://apnews.com/hub/russia-ukraineBehind the Lens: Chronicling years-long abuse —with care

Associated Press photographers talk about their 2022 assignments, and share some of the stories behind the images.

___

THE PLACE: Bisbee, Arizona, United States

THE STORY: Seven years of sex abuse: How Mormon officials let it happen

THE PHOTOGRAPHER: Dario Lopez-Mills

___

ON HOW TO PHOTOGRAPH SOMETHING FROM THE PAST WITHOUT VISUALS REALLY AVAILABLE:

This was a story that had happened many years ago. And we were going to go to a little town in Arizona, where nothing was really there to photograph that related to this. The father of these kids had already taken his life in prison. And this is basically a legal case that was coming up. Mike Rezendes had obtained more than 12,000 court documents, and his intent was to show that the church had known about the abuse for many, many years and did nothing. That led to a lot of ideas of how we would shoot this.

Full Coverage: Photography

I suggested at one point that, that we try to photograph it with a panoramic film camera. It was suitable for the landscape that we were going to encounter. This is a place that is in the middle of the desert, and there’s not very much. There’s these wide-open spaces, and the home where these people lived is not exactly in Bisbee itself. It’s kind of on the outskirts. We wanted to suggest that these horrible things were happening in a little house that was surrounded by nothing. And at the same time, we quickly realized that we wanted to never show the faces of those involved. We wanted to be very careful.

ADVERTISEMENT

ON PHOTOGRAPHING WITH A PANORAMIC CAMERA:

I wanted to convey that sense of space of the town and the surrounding areas. And using an analog film camera was suggestive of photographing something that had happened in the past. It suggested that archival look to it. When I suggested this, there was a lot of hesitancy from a lot of people about it. My commitment to them was that while I would buy the film and get it developed and get it scanned, I would shoot everything I shot in the panoramic camera with a digital camera, too. So in case the panoramics did not work out, we could always go back to the digital format. And that was really important because that gave me the OK to continue working that way.

ON CAPTURING THE STORY’S NUANCED THEMES:

A lot of the story had to do with innocence lost. That’s why I found myself going to abandoned and empty children’s playgrounds in this town. That was kind of a way for me to visualize that lost innocence. The landscape is a town that has perhaps has seen better times because it was a mining town that was very a booming town. And now it’s a place where a lot of retirees live. It doesn’t have a lot of children. There’s this old part of town that’s how it looked in the 1950s. That kind of suggested a little bit of an eeriness, too.

ADVERTISEMENT

ON HOW THIS STORY WASN’T QUITE WHAT HE EXPECTED:

It’s also a huge story about love, in the sense that these two children are recovering from something really traumatic, and a lot of it has to do with how these children were fortunately adopted by very loving parents, adoptive parents, who have really nurtured them and tried to give them as normal a life as possible. That was something that we really tried to convey — that this was a story of resilience and of recovery.

— Interview by Leslie MazochLagoon dries up as drought grips Peru's southern Andes

CCONCHACCOTA, Peru (AP) — From her home under the baking sun of Peru’s southern Andes, Vilma Huamaní can see the small Cconchaccota lagoon, the axis of her community’s life. It has been a source of trout, fun for children eager to swim, beauty as flamingos flew from over the mountains and water for thirsty sheep.

Nowadays, all Huamaní sees of the lagoon 4,100 meters (13,120 feet) above sea level is a plain of cracked and broken soil surrounded by yellow grass.

“It has totally dried up,” she said.

The rainy season in this part of South America should have started in September, but the area is experiencing its driest period in almost a half century, affecting more than 3,000 communities in the central and southern Andes of Peru.

A light rain last week — only the second in almost eight months — prompted residents to set bowls outdoors to collect some water. The drops lifted dust as they hit the ground, and by the next morning, the sun had evaporated the scant moisture.

Full Coverage: Photography

Dead sheep and lambs so weak they can barely stand can be found among sparse yellow grass. The planting of potatoes, which is the only crop that grows in Huamaní’s village, has been delayed, leading many to expect food shortages in the coming months because people are already feeding themselves from their dehydrated potato reserves.

“Every day, I ask — I hope — the rain falls ... when there is rain the grasses grow, the potatoes (grow),” said Huamaní, 38, who moved with her four children from Peru’s capital, Lima, to Cconchaccota in 2020 in an effort to flee the coronavirus pandemic.

ADVERTISEMENT

The absence of rain in part of the Andes occurs as a result of the La Niña phenomenon, present in 2022 for the third consecutive year, according to the United Nations’ meteorological agency. The drought is also hitting parts of Bolivia, Paraguay and Argentina.

Yuri Escajadillo, a climatologist with Peru’s National Meteorology and Hydrology Service, said an index used to measure droughts qualified the region as “extremely dry.”

“It is a record value,” Escajadillo said.

In Cconchaccota, there is no drinking water, sewage or telephone service. People drink water they get from a nearby spring, though it sometimes dries up, too.

Residents say their appeals to local authorities for help went unanswered for more than two months.

ADVERTISEMENT

So, Grisaldo Challanca, a young farmer, used his cellphone to record videos and prepare a report about the drought. He posted it on a Facebook page after he climbed to about 4,500 meters above sea level to get an internet connection.

The long-delayed response from the regional authorities arrived last week with the delivery of packages of fodder oats for the surviving sheep, cattle, alpacas and llamas.

“The animals are all bone,” said John Franklin Challanca, a 12-year-old shepherd, whose family has lost 50 sheep.

The Andes is one of the world’s most sensitive regions to climate migrations because of droughts, tropical storms and hurricanes, heavy rains and floods, according to the latest report by the United Nations’ Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Global warming has caused glacier loss in the Andes from 30% to more than 50% of their area since the 1980s. Glacier retreat, temperature increase and precipitation variability, together with land use changes, have affected ecosystems, water resources and livelihoods through landslides and flood disasters,” the report says, adding that summer rainfall appears to be decreasing in the southern Andes.

Small farmers in various parts of the Andes in Peru and Bolivia are praying for rain. Prayers are held on the shores of Lake Titicaca, which is shared by both countries, and on mountains that Indigenous communities consider gods.

In the only evangelical church in Cconchaccota, Rossy Challanca said the drought was a punishment “for the sins of man” and a clear sign that the end of the world is soon to come.

But for climate experts, the lagoon could have dried up because it was less than a meter (3 feet) deep, depended exclusively on rainwater and was under strong solar radiation.

ADVERTISEMENT

Wilson Suárez, professor of mountain hydrology and glaciology at Peru’s La Molina National Agrarian University, said those factors constitute “an ideal cocktail” for the small lagoons in the high Andean areas to dry up.

“This has to put them on notice that times are changing,” Suárez said of area residents who have long depended on the lagoons for watering their livestock. “A drought is not easy to handle … the climate is changing.”In this photo by Oscar Rodriguez Zapata, a man walks next to a partially-covered Virgin of Guadalupe mural in Los Angeles in 2018. January 2023 marked 10 years since Zapata began documenting images of Guadalupe, at first on his phone for his own pleasure, but eventually taking his hobby more seriously, particularly as he noticed more and more Guadalupe images were vanishing. (Oscar Rodriguez Zapata via AP)

In this photo by Oscar Rodriguez Zapata, a man walks next to a partially-covered Virgin of Guadalupe mural in Los Angeles in 2018. January 2023 marked 10 years since Zapata began documenting images of Guadalupe, at first on his phone for his own pleasure, but eventually taking his hobby more seriously, particularly as he noticed more and more Guadalupe images were vanishing. (Oscar Rodriguez Zapata via AP)

LOS ANGELES (RNS) — There’s nothing that Oscar Rodriguez Zapata enjoys more than going out for a drive to explore Los Angeles’ vast neighborhoods in search of the Virgin of Guadalupe .

He packs his Nikon Z6 II and a Fujifilm X100V and photographs murals, landscapes, storefronts and people across the city’s Historic South Central and Eastside to South Bay. Street vendors, lowriders and the L.A. skyline are among his favorite subjects.

But his biggest L.A. muse is the Virgin of Guadalupe, said Zapata. Murals, mosaics and other artwork depicting the brown-skinned virgin and patron saint of Mexico grace the walls of laundromats, liquor stores, mini markets, churches, bakeries, taquerias and tire shops.

“Whenever you see a virgencita you feel safe. You know that your people, your gente, your raza are around,” said Zapata, 35, who, though raised Catholic, identifies as nonreligious. “It makes you feel welcome.”

ADVERTISEMENT

___

This content is written and produced by Religion News Service and distributed by The Associated Press. RNS and AP partner on some religion news content. RNS is solely responsible for this story.

___

January marked 10 years since he began documenting images of Guadalupe, at first on his phone for his own pleasure, but eventually taking his hobby more seriously, particularly as he noticed more and more Guadalupe images were vanishing. In late 2017, he created an Instagram profile devoted to his photos of Guadalupe murals in order to preserve them. He now has more than 6,000 followers.

Zapata focuses on examples of the Virgin on dilapidated buildings in need of a fresh coat of paint or the more intricate and colorful ones that take up entire wall space, as they risk succumbing to gentrification and displacement of Latino communities in L.A.

The Virgin Mary, he said, “is much more than a religious symbol.”

“It’s part of the community and part of who we are,” Zapata said.

Our Lady of Guadalupe is celebrated in many Catholic parishes across Southern California on her feast day, Dec. 12, marking the appearance of Mary to St. Juan Diego, an Indigenous man, near Mexico City in 1531. But Guadalupe finds her way into shrines and murals in Latino neighborhoods year-round, and chroniclers like Zapata document her to pay homage to the culture, faith and traditions of their L.A. neighbors.

ADVERTISEMENT

Across Los Angeles, images of the Virgin are believed to thwart vandalism and act as “protector(s) of small immigrant-owned businesses,” according to journalist Sam Quinones’ 2016 book of photographs of murals of the saint, “The Virgin of the American Dream.”

Quinones has seen business owners commission Virgin Mary artworks on their storefronts as “purely a commercial transaction,” he told an audience last April at “Guadalupe: Holy Art in the Streets of Los Angeles,” an event hosted by the Institute for Advanced Catholic Studies at the University of Southern California.

He spoke of Palestinian and Indian merchants who have put Guadalupe on their walls, with one man saying her image was meant “to show people that I’m with them … that I’m not some foreigner guy,” Quinones recalled.

ADVERTISEMENT

Neither Catholic nor religious, Quinones — a reporter who has covered crime and gangs in the United States and Mexico — said he sees the Virgin as “softening the harshness of life,” recalling that he has witnessed how people turned to her in the midst of violence. Once he started photographing her, he said, he became obsessed, turning his head every time he drove by a neighborhood market to see if he would spot a Guadalupe.

Between his reporting in Mexico and documenting Guadalupe in L.A., Quinones understood that images of the Virgin Mary served as a guiding force for undocumented Mexican immigrants “to find a way in this new world.”

“All you’ve got are your guts, your wits and the Virgin of Guadalupe,” he said.

Brenda Perez created the Restorative Justice for the Arts project to help restore and preserve what she calls “windows into the spiritual landscape” of L.A. A doctoral candidate in psychology, Perez has researched how sacred Indigenous symbols and community art can help heal trauma and resist discrimination.

ADVERTISEMENT

“When murals with her image are whitewashed, it’s a sacrilegious act,” Perez said, recalling a Virgin Mary image on a liquor store wall that was recently painted over. “That’s something that everyone must respect because it’s a culture.”

Nichole Flores, an associate professor of religious studies at the University of Virginia, said religious and political leaders must work to preserve public art, including murals of the Virgin of Guadalupe, that, she said, “shapes and grounds certain communities.”

Images of Guadalupe, whether embodied in elaborate public murals or displayed on taco trucks, sanctify spaces and “invite us to think about how we can relate with each other across our differences,” said Flores, author of “The Aesthetics of Solidarity: Our Lady of Guadalupe and American Democracy.”

Flores has explored how Guadalupe images shape Chicano communities in Denver, Colorado, where residents have used Guadalupe to stand against gentrification in their neighborhoods.

ADVERTISEMENT

She recalled asking Denver-based Chicano artist Carlos Fresquez about the significance of his Guadalupe artwork on the side of a liquor store. To the artist, the image was simply a way “to give a sense of place,” Flores said, adding that wherever Guadalupe is, “you will know that Mexicans, Mexican Americans, Chicanos are present there.”

Illustrating her is a way of saying, “Our people are present here,” Flores said. Painting over or covering Guadalupe artwork, “feels like an affront to our dignity and personhood.”

Growing up in the L.A. County city of Paramount, Nydya Mora, a youth librarian with a background in urban planning, said the Virgin of Guadalupe “was everywhere all the time.”

“I just grew fascinated by the creativity that she inspired in people — the creation of these amazing, beautiful, unique murals,” said Mora, 33.

In 2012, as she was wrapping up her undergraduate degree at Cal Poly Pomona, Mora began to capture Guadalupe street art, thinking of creating a coffee table book for her Catholic mother “to show an appreciation for our culture.” An Instagram account where she posts her photos of “artistic expressions of devotion in LA” has amassed more than 13,000 followers. Mora has also put together a Google map of her Virgin of Guadalupe sightings.

One of her more striking images shows a statue of the Virgin atop a bollard at a mini market parking lot in Compton. The shrine is embellished with votive candles and vases filled with flowers propped against the post.

Her photographs are scheduled to appear later this year at a museum on the grounds of Forest Lawn Memorial Park, a cemetery in the city of Glendale.

Mora, who grew up culturally Catholic but is not religious, said Guadalupe represents what she cherishes the most: “My mom, my culture and my cities.”

“To see her (Guadalupe) in the streets of Los Angeles, that’s a form of pride for myself,” she said.

Zapata agrees. On a recent Saturday in January, he drove to Boyle Heights in the city’s Eastside to shoot a spray-painted image of Mary on the side of Valerio Family Barbershop.

George Valerio, part owner of the shop, said he commissioned the mural to pay homage to his family’s Catholic faith and to growing up Mexican in the San Gabriel Valley city of El Monte.

Before heading out, Zapata marked the street and specific neighborhood where Guadalupe was featured. Simply captioning the location of the photo with ‘Los Angeles’ doesn’t fully capture its essence, Zapata said.

“I want to represent the people in the community,” he said.

___

This article was produced under a grant from Fieldstead and Company, Inc. supporting journalistic exploration of the ways faith traditions inspire artistic creativity.Rutgers' Oskar Palmquist (1) and his teammates react after an NCAA college basketball game against the Purdue at the Big Ten men's tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Chicago. Purdue won 70-65. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

Rutgers' Oskar Palmquist (1) and his teammates react after an NCAA college basketball game against the Purdue at the Big Ten men's tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Chicago. Purdue won 70-65. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

March Madness is coming up fast. Here is what to know along with some key games to watch and who’s on the bubble ahead of Selection Sunday for the NCAA Tournament:

KEY DATES

All eyes will be on the conference tournaments this week:

— The ACC Tournament is March 7-11 in Greensboro, North Carolina.

— The Big 12 Tournament is March 8-11 in Kansas City, Missouri.

— The Big Ten Tournament is March 8-12 in Chicago.

— The Big East Tournament is March 8-11 in New York.

— The Pac-12 Tournament is March 8-11 in Las Vegas.

— The SEC Tournament is March 8-12 in Nashville, Tennessee.

MARCH MADNESS

Selection Sunday is March 12, when bracket matchups will be set for the First Four and first- and second-round games that stretch from Florida to California .

Sweet 16 weekend will see games in New York City (East Region), Las Vegas (West), Kansas City, Missouri (Midwest), and Louisville, Kentucky (South).

ADVERTISEMENT

Where is the Final Four? In Houston, on April 1, with the championship game on April 3.

Basketball aficionados, take note: The women’s NCAA Tournament will hold its Final Four in Dallas, a four-hour drive from Houston.

BETTING GUIDE

Who’s going to win the national championship? With the regular season over, the betting favorites as of this week to reach the Final Four are Houston, Alabama, Kansas and Purdue, according to FanDuel Sportsbook . That matches the top teams in the NCAA’s initial seed watch . UCLA is in the mix near the top in the AP Top 25 , too.

WHO’S IN

These teams are already going dancing after landing their league’s automatic bid: Kennesaw State (26-8, Atlantic Sun), UNC Asheville (27-7, Big South), Fairleigh Dickinson (19-14, Northeast), Drake (27-7, Missouri Valley), Furman (27-7, Southern), Louisiana-Lafayette (26-7, Sun Belt), Southeast Missouri State (19-16, Ohio Valley), Gonzaga (28-5, West Coast), College of Charleston (31-3, Colonial Athletic Association), Oral Roberts (30-4, Summit League), Texas A&M-Corpus Christi (23-10, Southland), Montana State (25-9, Big Sky), Northern Kentucky (22-12, Horizon League) and Colgate (26-8, Patriot League).

BUBBLE WATCH

West Virginia (19-14): The metrics and strength of the Big 12 work in the Mountaineers’ favor. Their sleepy 78-61 loss to Kansas in the conference quarterfinals, when Bob Huggins was left to bemoan their lack of effort, does not. They may have gotten some help when fellow bubble buddy Oklahoma State was trounced by Texas.

ADVERTISEMENT

North Carolina (20-13): Simply put, the Tar Heels probably needed to beat No. 13 Virginia in the ACC quarterfinals and couldn’t get it done. They are just 8-7 over their last 15 games in a conference that was not particularly strong this season.

Rutgers (19-14): The Scarlet Knights had a chance to make Sunday a lot less stressful but lost to fifth-ranked Purdue 70-65 in a tightly contested Big Ten quarterfinal. How will the committee weigh Rutgers’ early season success against the fact that it lost seven of its last 10 games?

Nevada (22-10): Oh, how Steve Alford’s bunch has fallen the past two weeks. The Wolf Pack lost to Wyoming, UNLV and then in overtime to San Jose State in the Mountain West quarterfinals. Those three defeats could hurt come Sunday.

ADVERTISEMENT

GAME(S) TO WATCH

Florida Atlantic (30-3) vs. UAB (25-8), Conference USA championship, Saturday, 8:30 p.m. Eastern (CBSSN). Every team riding the NCAA Tournament bubble will be rooting for the Owls, who could slip into the dance as an at-large team if they lose to the Blazers in the finals. They would much rather FAU take the automatic berth and free up another spot for them.

Ohio State (16-18) vs. No. 5 Purdue (27-5), Saturday, 1 p.m. Eastern (CBS). The Buckeyes have been the biggest surprise of any conference tournament, but every team on the bubble will be pulling for the Boilermakers to knock them out. With two more wins, Ohio State would be swiping another bid from a potential at-large team.

___

AP March Madness coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/march-madness and bracket: https://apnews.com/hub/ncaa-mens-bracket and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25Behind the Lens: The Sri Lanka presidential palace, overrun

Associated Press photographers talk about their 2022 assignments, and share some of the stories behind the images.

___

THE PLACE: Colombo, Sri Lanka

THE STORY: Sri Lankan protesters swarm leaders’ domains

THE PHOTOGRAPHERS: Eranga Jayawardena and Rafiq Maqbool

___

ON ARRIVING AT THE PROTESTS:

JAYAWARDENA: I was shooting a cricket test match between Australia and Sri Lanka about 100 kilometers south of the capital, Colombo. I heard the news of people rushing into President Rajapaksa’s official residence, I sought help from a friend to get back to Colombo to cover the story. I had to pay him for petrol, which was four times higher than the normal fee because it wasn’t available in the markets and people were queuing up for days. Within about two hours I reached the president’s official palace. I saw hundreds of protesters celebrating the victory by chanting slogans and singing and dancing. Some protesters did not like being photographed, but some did not notice. Their focus was on other matters.

MAQBOOL: I was worried: Will they allow me to shoot inside? I didn’t know how the army or protesters would react. And once I reached the gate, I saw hundreds of people entering the president’s residence. No one was stopping them. The mood was festive and they were celebrating throwing the president and prime minister from their residence and offices. Once I was inside the building, it was packed. We were not able to move, I was worried as there were kids present, too, I thought that if they couldn’t control the crowd, there were chances of a stampede. But the people simply wanted to see where their corrupt leaders lived and worked and were celebrating that they were able to throw them out.

ADVERTISEMENT

ON THE LOGISTICS OF COVERING THE STORY:

JAYAWARDENA: Transportation was the main issue I faced. I got help from fellow photographers to move around. By that time, I had had sold my vehicle due to the inability to maintain it because of rising inflation. I had to make a choice — pumping fuel for higher prices or spend that money to secure food needs at home. Finding food was extremely difficult. By this time, availability of cooking gas in the market was zero. Tea shops and food joints all were closed. On and off there was a food seller. My family did not have cooking gas for months, and we did our entire cooking with the help of a rice cooker.

Full Coverage: Photography

I think readers should know about the determination and the difficulty involved in reporting this story amid all kinds of economic sufferings. For me, this is the difference between this story and other stories I had covered before. You are part of the suffering community and still you cover what others do. Despite being a newsperson, I, too, had to go through hardships finding essentials. Sometimes people reacted roughly when I was taking photos at queues for gas and kerosene. I attempted to overcome the helpless feelings and tried to understand their despair by fitting in to their shoes.

MAQBOOL: To hire a car, it was very difficult. We paid five times more, and still there was no guarantee you would get a taxi. The drivers would tell us, “If we manage to get gas, we will come. Otherwise no.” At times we had to walk or if we were lucky, we might get a three-wheeler. Thankfully the hotel I was staying at was quite central, but walking with your heavy equipment through swarms of people was quite stressful.

ADVERTISEMENT

ON WHAT IT WAS LIKE TO PHOTOGRAPH THE STORY:

MAQBOOL: What struck me most about this story was the thought at the back of my mind that although these were protests to overthrow a government, they were peaceful. Protestors were keener on taking selfies inside the presidential palace, and none of them destroyed or harmed any furniture or property. Nothing was broken or shattered. It was like a country fair atmosphere but with underlying tones of frustration and despair. This was an interesting assignment because it was documenting the catastrophic effect that mismanagement of the country’s resources by the political elite had on the life of the common people.

ON WHAT WAS LEARNED:

MAQBOOL: I have been to Sri Lanka many times; this was sort of a different assignment for me. It was the first time I witnessed the overthrowing of a government. It made me realize that this could easily happen anywhere in the world. It also made me realize that this is a story as old as ancient kings and emperors. Corruption and greed have always been powerful motives for the rulers to gamble with the welfare of their people. So in a way, it was not a new realization, exactly, but rather a modern-day version of the same ancient story. However, what stayed with me from this assignment was the grace, resilience, and quiet determination of the Sri Lankan people. They fought for their cause and did so with courage and dignity. They are an example a lot of us should look up to.

ADVERTISEMENT

— Interview by Leslie MazochCorpses are carried out of a Jehovah's Witness building and loaded into hearses in Hamburg, Germany Friday, March 10, 2023. Shots were fired inside the building used by Jehovah's Witnesses in the northern German city of Hamburg on Thursday evening, with multiple people killed and wounded, police said. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber)

Corpses are carried out of a Jehovah's Witness building and loaded into hearses in Hamburg, Germany Friday, March 10, 2023. Shots were fired inside the building used by Jehovah's Witnesses in the northern German city of Hamburg on Thursday evening, with multiple people killed and wounded, police said. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber)

HAMBURG, Germany (AP) — A gunman stormed a service at his former Jehovah’s Witness hall in Germany, killing six people before taking his own life after police arrived, authorities in the port city of Hamburg said Friday.

Police gave no motive for Thursday night’s attack. But they acknowledged recently receiving an anonymous tip that claimed the man identified as the shooter showed anger toward Jehovah’s Witnesses and might be psychologically unfit to own a gun.

Eight people were wounded, including a woman who was 28 weeks pregnant and lost the baby. Chancellor Olaf Scholz said the death toll could rise.

Officers apparently arrived at the hall while the attack was ongoing and heard one more shot, according to witnesses and authorities. They did not fire their weapons, but officials said their intervention likely prevented further loss of life at the boxy building next to an auto repair shop a few kilometers (miles) from downtown.

ADVERTISEMENT

Scholz, a former Hamburg mayor, said the city was “speechless in view of this violence” and “mourning those whose lives were taken so brutally.”

All of the victims were German citizens apart from two wounded women, one with Ugandan citizenship and one with Ukrainian.

Officials said the suspected assailant was a 35-year-old German man identified only as Philipp F., in line with the country’s privacy rules. Police said he had left the congregation “voluntarily, but apparently not on good terms,” about a year and a half ago.

A website registered in the name of someone who fits the police description says that he grew up in the Bavarian town of Kempten in “a strict religious evangelical household.”

The website, which is filled with business jargon, also links to a self-published book about “God, Jesus Christ and Satan.”

Philipp F. legally owned a semi-automatic Heckler & Koch Pistole P30 handgun, according to police. He fired more than 100 shots during the attack, and the head of the Hamburg prosecutors office, Ralf Peter Anders, said hundreds more rounds were found in a search of the man’s apartment.

Germany’s gun laws are more restrictive than those in the United States but permissive compared with some European neighbors, and shootings are not unheard of.

Last year, an 18-year-old man opened fire in a packed lecture at Heidelberg University , killing one person and wounding three others before killing himself. In 2020, the nation saw two high-profile shootings, one that killed six people and another that took nine lives .

In the most recent shooting involving a site of worship, a far-right extremist attempted to force his way into a synagogue in Halle on the Jewish holy day of Yom Kippur in 2019 . After failing to gain entry, he shot two people to death nearby.

ADVERTISEMENT

The German government announced plans last year to crack down on gun ownership by suspected extremists and to tighten background checks. Currently, anyone who wants to acquire a firearm must show that they are fit to do so, including by proving that they require a gun. Reasons can include being part of a sports shooting club or being a hunter.

Hamburg Police Chief Ralf Martin Meyer said the man was visited by officers after they received an anonymous tip in January, claiming that he had “particular anger toward religious believers, in particular toward Jehovah’s Witnesses and his former employer.”

Officers said the man was cooperative and found no grounds to take away his weapon, according to Meyer.

ADVERTISEMENT

“The bottom line is that an anonymous tip in which someone says they’re worried a person might have a psychological illness isn’t in itself a basis for (such) measures,” he said.

Germany’s top security official laid a wreath of flowers outside the hall to commemorate the victims and thanked police before taking questions from reporters.

Asked whether the attack could have been prevented, Interior Minister Nancy Faser said it was necessary to wait for the investigation to conclude, but she acknowledged that changes were needed in the way background checks are conducted and information is exchanged between authorities.

She said a bill now making its way through the legislative process would require gun owners to undergo psychological tests.

ADVERTISEMENT

On Friday morning, forensic investigators in protective white suits could be seen outside the hall. As a light snow fell, officers placed yellow cones on the ground and windowsills to mark evidence.

A special operations unit that happened to be near the hall arrived just minutes after receiving the first emergency call at 9:04 p.m. , Hamburg’s top security official said. The officers were able to separate the gunman from the congregation.

“We can assume that they saved many people’s lives this way,” Hamburg state Interior Minister Andy Grote told reporters.

Upon arrival, officers found people with apparent gunshot wounds on the ground floor and then heard a shot from an upper floor, where they found a fatally wounded person believed to be the shooter, according to police spokesman Holger Vehren.

Gregor Miebach, who lives within sight of the building, heard shots and filmed a figure entering the building through a window. In his footage, shots can then be heard from inside. The figure later apparently emerges from the hall, is seen in the courtyard and then fires more shots through a first floor window before the lights in the room go out.

ADVERTISEMENT

Miebach told German television news agency NonstopNews that he heard at least 25 shots. After police arrived, one last shot followed, he said.

His mother, Dorte Miebach, said she was shocked by the shooting. “It’s really 50 meters (yards) from our house and many people died,” she said. “This is still incomprehensible.”

Jehovah’s Witnesses are part of an international church founded in the United States in the 19th century and headquartered in Warwick, New York. The church claims a worldwide membership of about 8.7 million, with about 170,000 in Germany.

Members are known for their evangelistic efforts that include knocking on doors and distributing literature in public squares. The denomination’s practices include a refusal to bear arms, receive blood transfusions, salute a national flag or participate in secular government.

David Semonian, a U.S.-based spokesman for Jehovah’s Witnesses, said in an emailed statement Friday that members “worldwide grieve for the victims of this traumatic event.”

___ Moulson and Jordans reported from Berlin. Associated Press journalist David Rising in Bangkok contributed to this report.FILE - A reflection of the costume that David Bowie wore as Ziggy Stardust on tour and during a performance of 'Starman' on British pop music show Top of The Pops, is photographed as part of a retrospective David Bowie exhibition, entitled David Bowie Is, at the V&A Museum in west London, Wednesday, Mar. 20, 2013. The many faces and inspirations of David Bowie are getting a permanent home in London. Britain’s Victoria & Albert Museum announced Thursday, Feb. 23, 2023 it has acquired Bowie’s archive of more than 80,000 items as a gift from the late musician’s estate. (Photo by Joel Ryan/Invision/AP, FIle)

FILE - A reflection of the costume that David Bowie wore as Ziggy Stardust on tour and during a performance of 'Starman' on British pop music show Top of The Pops, is photographed as part of a retrospective David Bowie exhibition, entitled David Bowie Is, at the V&A Museum in west London, Wednesday, Mar. 20, 2013. The many faces and inspirations of David Bowie are getting a permanent home in London. Britain’s Victoria & Albert Museum announced Thursday, Feb. 23, 2023 it has acquired Bowie’s archive of more than 80,000 items as a gift from the late musician’s estate. (Photo by Joel Ryan/Invision/AP, FIle)

LONDON (AP) — From Major Tom to Ziggy Stardust and Aladdin Sane, the many faces and inspirations of David Bowie are getting a permanent home in London.

Britain’s Victoria & Albert Museum announced Thursday that it has acquired Bowie’s archive of more than 80,000 items as a gift from the late musician’s estate. The trove of costumes, musical instruments, letters, lyrics, photos and more will be opened to the public at a new arts center dedicated to the chameleonlike pop icon.

The David Bowie Center for the Study of Performing Arts is due to open in 2025 as part of V&A East Storehouse, an offshoot of the U.K.’s national museum of art, design and performance that is being built in east London’s Olympic Park.

The V&A said the center will let fans and researchers gain insights into the creative process of Bowie, who died in 2016 at the age of 69.

Kate Bailey, the museum’s senior curator of theater and performance, said the archive was an “extraordinary” record of a creator whose “life was art.”

ADVERTISEMENT

“Bowie’s a polymath, he’s multifaceted. He was inspired by all genres and disciplines,” she said. “He’s an artist who was working really in 360 -- drawing from literature, but also drawing from art history ... (and) the places that he’d been to.”

The musician — born plain old David Jones in the London suburbs in 1947 — reinvented himself restlessly, creating and shedding personas as he moved through musical styles from folk-rock to glam to soul to electronica.

He created a series of larger-than-life stage characters, mining influences ranging from German Expressionist cinema to Japanese Kabuki theater. In turn he has influenced musicians, filmmakers, fashion designers and advertisers.

Some of the items in the archive formed part of “David Bowie Is,” a multimedia exhibition that toured the world after a sold-out run at the V&A in London in 2013.

Some items are iconic, such as a multicolored quilted jumpsuit designed by Freddie Burretti for Bowie’s alien rock star creation Ziggy Stardust, Kansai Yamamoto’s futuristic creations for the Aladdin Sane tour in 1973 or the Union Jack coat designed by Bowie and Alexander McQueen for the cover of 1997’s “Earthling” album.

Others are more personal, including letters, handwritten lyrics for songs including the anthem “Heroes,” and notebooks that Bowie kept throughout his life. The archives also contain more than 70,000 photographs, slides and images.

ADVERTISEMENT

The museum secured the archive from the Bowie estate and also received a 10 million pound ($12 million) donation from the Blavatnik Family Foundation and Warner Music Group to house and display it at V&A East, part of a new culture and technology quarter rising on the site of the 2012 London Olympics.

The David Bowie Estate said that “with David’s life’s work becoming part of the U.K.’s national collections, he takes his rightful place amongst many other cultural icons and artistic geniuses.”

V&A director Tristram Hunt called Bowie “one of the greatest musicians and performers of all time.”

“Bowie’s radical innovations across music, theatre, film, fashion, and style — from Berlin to Tokyo to London — continue to influence design and visual culture and inspire creatives from Janelle Monáe to Lady Gaga to Tilda Swinton and Raf Simons,” he said.AP PHOTOS: World Cup highlights from Day 24

Highlights from the 24th day of the World Cup in Qatar on Sunday.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsAP Photos: In 2022, sports brought every imaginable emotion

Emotion.

Sport is the forum where it cannot be hidden, where the feelings that are pulsing through someone’s core at a particular moment — be it good or bad, joy or pain, exhilaration or anguish, relief or regret — can be captured in a single image.

It was there with Lionel Messi, maybe the greatest soccer player of all time, finally hoisting the World Cup trophy for Argentina. The euphoria, unmistakable.

It was there with Mikaela Shiffrin of the U.S., maybe the greatest women’s skier of all time, sitting on the side of the course at the Beijing Olympics after skiing out in the first run of the slalom race, hiding her face from the world. The disappointment, unmistakable.

Everyone knew what they felt in those moments.

Sometimes, it works the other way. The image makes the viewer feel something as well. Like a shot of someone from Team Ukraine competing in artistic swimming at the world championships in Hungary, droplets of water splaying every which way off her body while she competes for a war-torn country. You could feel the pride. Or a shot of two men on the ground, trying to protect themselves from a rampaging bull in Mexico City. You could feel the fear.

Full Coverage: Photography

Capturing the moment takes no more than a sliver of a second, though the image lives forever. And many from 2022 were simply iconic. Serena Williams in the spotlight at the U.S. Open, presumably for the final time. Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic all holding back emotion in the same image at the Laver Cup, Federer’s final event before retirement, the enormity of that moment not lost on any of them as they realized that the greatest three-headed rivalry the sport had ever seen is now over.

ADVERTISEMENT

The picture, as the cliché says, tells 1,000 words. Sometimes, the picture is of the words as well.

“I’m a good curler. I have confidence. Let’s have fun,” Japan’s Satsuki Fujisawa wrote on her right hand, in English, during the Beijing Olympics.

ADVERTISEMENT

The affirmation must have helped; she won silver at the Beijing Olympics, improving one spot from her bronze-medal finish at Pyeongchang four years earlier.

And many needed no additional explanation. Scottie Scheffler, hoisting his putter skyward as the warm Georgia sun shone down when he won the Masters. Mike Krzyzewski, college basketball’s all-time winningest coach, sitting on a courtside stool as he led Duke at the Final Four for the final time. Anna Hall, throwing her arms skyward on her way to winning bronze in the heptathlon at the world track and field championships. Hector Neris of the Houston Astros, leaping to celebrate his team being two innings away from closing out the Philadelphia Phillies and winning the World Series.

ADVERTISEMENT

The moments were just that, moments. This year is gone. Next year awaits. But these images from 2022 will live on, a forever reminder of what this year made us feel.

ADVERTISEMENTBehind the Lens: The human toll in Ukraine's Kherson

Associated Press photographers talk about their 2022 assignments, and share some of the stories behind the images.

___

THE PLACE: Kherson, Ukraine

THE STORY: Residents face new reality in retaken Kherson

THE PHOTOGRAPHER: Bernat Armangue

___

ON WHAT HAPPENED:

We were in downtown Kherson. We were with a team of paramedics and heard all these attacks. We saw some lighting from the explosions. The alarm came and the paramedics left, and we followed them. And I just remember driving in complete darkness. The only thing we could see was what our car was illuminating. I remember arriving at this place and, sadly, seeing all these people coming toward us. Many of them were bloody and with injuries. Some people started walking toward the ambulance the moment they saw it. The area was full of troubled people. A few minutes before, they had been OK and were sitting in their houses and buildings. And in a strike of light, everything changed. Some people never came back. Some people will have injuries for the rest of their lives.

ON PHOTOGRAPHING AT NIGHT:

It’s winter. It gets dark very early. And the electrical grid in most of the areas that we arrived at was down. So you don’t have a lot of light. It’s a combination of the equipment that we have, but also using the resources that you have in the moment. For example, in the middle of the night, you have a lot of people who will carry cell phones or lamps, and so you just use their phone — their sources of light — to illuminate your pictures. You use what you have.

Full Coverage: Photography

Sometimes in photography, you have amazing moments where the light doesn’t help the narrative. This was the opposite. This time the light was an advantage to express what was happening.

ON IMPROVISING IN UNEXPECTED SITUATIONS:

When you improvise, it’s decision-making. Sometimes it comes from nothing, but usually it’s a part of your years of training. When you prepare an assignment, you don’t know what is happening. When you arrive, what happened before is gone and you cannot trace back. So that forces you to all the time think on the on on the if so, what will happen if what will happen if what will happen? So you drive mentally on a big roadmap of potential outcomes. And then based on these roadmaps, when it comes you start taking these decisions. So there is a part that you calculate in the same way that you calculate your gear and the way that you calculate, “Where do you go? When do you go?” There is always a part that you definitely do not control, because you’re not a fortuneteller. It’s a accumulation of years of learning and a big piece of intuition. But it’s more about planning. And then once you’re on the ground, putting everything in practice for very fast decision-making.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ON PHOTOGRAPHING PEOPLE IN THE MIDDLE OF TRAUMA

You try to be as respectful as possible. There are multiple approaches, because people go through different stages of trauma. A very important part of your job is to make sure that you arrive at the place, but I have always been a true believer that it’s also very important to know when you need to leave the place. There are moments that you need to know when you have enough to tell the story — maybe not the way that you would like, but it’s enough — and that’s the time to let it go and and let the people have their own space.

— Interview by Leslie MazochIndian child marriage crackdown leaves families in anguish

MORIGAON, India (AP) — Standing outside the local police station in her village in northeast India, 19-year-old Nureja Khatun is anxious. Cradling her 6-month-old baby in her arms, she has been waiting to catch a glimpse of her husband before the police take him away to court.

Nearly an hour later, she sees her husband, Akbar Ali, for just a few seconds when he is shuffled into a police van. An officer slams the door in her face before she is able to get any answers.

“Please release my husband. Otherwise take me into custody as well,” she pleaded.

Khatun’s husband is one of more than 3,000 men, including Hindu and Muslim priests, who were arrested nearly two weeks ago in the northeastern state of Assam under a wide crackdown on illegal child marriages involving girls under the age of 18.

The action has left her — and hundreds of other women like her who got married under 18 — in anguish. Many of the women, who are now adults, say their families have been torn apart, leaving them angry and helpless.

Khatun relied on Ali, with whom she eloped in 2021 when she was 17, to take care of her. Earning 400 rupees ($5) a day as a laborer, Ali was the sole breadwinner in their family, and the couple had a baby girl six months ago.

“Now there is no one to feed us. I don’t know if my family can survive,” Khatun said.

ADVERTISEMENT

The stringent measures are being carried out in a state, home to 35 million people, where many cases of child marriage go unreported. Only 155 cases of child marriages in Assam were registered in 2021, and 138 in 2020, according to the National Crime Records Bureau.

In India, the legal marriageable age is 21 for men and 18 for women. Poverty, lack of education, and social norms and practices, particularly in rural areas, are considered reasons for child marriages across the country.

UNICEF estimates that at least 1.5 million girls under 18 get married in India every year, making it home to the largest number of child brides in the world — accounting for a third of the global total. India’s National Health Family Survey data shows that more than 31% of marriages registered in Assam involve the prohibited age group.

The state government passed a resolution last month to completely eradicate the practice of child marriage by 2026.

In some districts, teenage pregnancies are as high as 26%, said Assam’s additional director general of police AVY Krishna. “These child marriages have become a social evil and as a result the mortality rates have been quite high,” he said.

While the arrests have sparked massive distress among families, with women sobbing outside police stations across the state, the punitive action has also drawn scrutiny from lawyers and activists.

Some men, accused of marrying girls aged between 14 and 18, are being charged under India’s law banning child marriage, which carries a jail term of two years. Other men, accused of marrying girls below 14 years, have been charged under a more stringent law that protects children from sexual offenses. This is non-bailable, with jail terms ranging from seven years to life.

Assam police defended their actions as legal under both of these laws, but the High Court in the state’s capital, Guwahati, has questioned the arrests. “At the moment, the court thinks that these are not matters for custodial interrogation,” it said on Tuesday.

Others said the government should raise awareness through education and social campaigns instead of arrests. “According to Supreme Court guidelines, arrests should be the last resort,” said senior advocate Anshuman Bora. “Out of the blue, they decide to start making mass arrests to tackle the problem. Instead, they should focus on social reforms to stop it.”

Activists and political opponents in the state have accused the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) — Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s party — in power in Assam of carrying out arrests in districts and areas home to many of the state’s Bengali-speaking Muslims.

Critics say the community, which migrated over the years from neighboring Bangladesh, has often been marginalized by authorities, including a contentious citizenship registry in the state that they say discriminated against Muslims.

“We have found that people of all religions have been involved in child marriages,” said lawyer and social activist Hasina Ahmed. “We must not judge communities like this. We must not see caste and religion. We must focus on the investigations and proceed legally to solve the issues.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Officials have denied the accusations and say hundreds of Hindu men have also been arrested.

Ahmed said the arrests were doing more harm than good in Assam’s communities. A majority of the affected wives were uneducated, unemployed and came from poor families where their husbands were the sole earners.

ADVERTISEMENT

“The government could have penalized people for engaging in the practice starting from today. Punishing people now for old child marriages is not appropriate,” she said.

Radha Rani Mondal, 50, is determined to get her son out of jail, but says she doesn’t have the money or the know-how to navigate the legal system. Her 20-year-old son was arrested on Feb. 4 and her 17-year-old daughter-in-law is pregnant. She spent her last 500 rupees ($6) to hire a lawyer, whom she owes 20,000 rupees ($250) more.

“I have been going to the police station and to the lawyer every day on an empty stomach. On one hand, I have to arrange money for legal expenses and on the other, I have to run my home and take care of my daughter-in-law. It is very difficult. I feel helpless,” she said, crying.

ADVERTISEMENTAfghan women athletes barred from play, fear Taliban threats

KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — Noura’s determination to play sports was so great that she defied her family’s opposition for years. Beatings from her mother and jeers from her neighbors never stopped her from the sports she loved.

But the 20-year-old Afghan woman could not defy her country’s Taliban rulers. They have not just banned all sports for women and girls, they have actively intimidated and harassed those who once played, often scaring them from even practicing in private, Noura and other women say.

Noura has been left shattered. “I’m not the same person anymore,” she said. “Since the Taliban came, I feel like I’m dead.”

A number of girls and women who once played a variety of sports told The Associated Press they have been intimidated by the Taliban with visits and phone calls warning them not to engage in their sports. The women and girls spoke on condition of anonymity for fear they will face further threats.

ADVERTISEMENT

They posed for an AP photographer for portraits with the equipment of the sports they loved. They hid their identities with burqas, the all-encompassing robes and hood that completely cover the face, leaving only a mesh to see through. They didn’t normally wear the burqa, but they said they sometimes do now when they go outside and want to remain anonymous and avoid harassment.

The ban on sports is part of the Taliban’s escalating campaign of restrictions that have shut down life for girls and women.

Since their takeover of Afghanistan in August 2021, the Taliban have barred girls from attending middle and high school. Last month, they ordered all women thrown out of universities as well.

Full Coverage: Photography

The Taliban require women to cover their hair and faces in public and prohibit them from going to parks or gyms. They have severely limited women’s ability to work outside the home and most recently forbade non-governmental organizations from employing women, a step that could cripple the vital flow of aid.

Even before the Taliban, women’s sports were opposed by many in Afghanistan’s deeply conservative society, seen as a violation of women’s modesty and of their role in society. Still, the previous, internationally-backed government had programs encouraging women’s sports and school clubs, leagues and national teams for women in many sports.

ADVERTISEMENT

A 20-year-old mixed martial artist recalled how in August 2021, she was competing in a local women’s tournament at a Kabul sports hall. Word spread through the audience and participants that the advancing Taliban were on the city’s outskirts. All the women and girls fled the hall. It was the last competition Sarina ever played in.

Months later, she said she tried to give private lessons for girls. But Taliban fighters raided the gym where they were practicing and arrested them all. In detention, the girls were humiliated and mocked, Sarina said. After mediation by elders, they were released after promising not to practice sports anymore.

She still practices at home and sometimes teaches her close friends.

“Life has become very difficult for me, but I am a fighter, so I will continue to live and fight,” she said.

ADVERTISEMENT

Mushwanay, spokesman of the Taliban’s Sports Organization and National Olympic Committee, said authorities were looking for a way to restart sports for women by building separate sports venues. But he gave no time frame and said funds were needed to do so. Taliban authorities have repeatedly made similar promises to allow girls 7th grade and up to return to school, but still have not done so.

Noura faced resistance her whole life as she tried to play sports.

Raised in a poor Kabul district by parents who migrated from the provinces, Noura started out playing soccer alongside local boys in the street. When she was nine, a coach spotted her and, at his encouragement, she joined a girls’ youth team.

She kept it a secret from everyone but her father, but her cover was blown by her own talent. At 13, she was named the best girl soccer player in her age group, and her photo and name were broadcast on television.

ADVERTISEMENT

“All over the world, when a girl becomes famous and her picture is shown on TV, it’s a good day for her and she’s at the peak of happiness,” she said. “For me, that day was very bitter and the beginning of worse days.”

Furious, her mother beat her, shouting that she was not allowed to play soccer. She kept playing in secret but was exposed again when her team won a national championship, and her photo was in the news. Again, her mother beat her.

Still, she sneaked off to the award ceremony. She broke down in tears on stage as the audience cheered. “Only I knew I was crying because of loneliness and the hard life I had,” she said.

When she found out, her mother set fire to her soccer uniform and shoes.

Noura gave up soccer, but then turned to boxing. Her mother eventually relented, realizing she couldn’t stop her from sports, she said.

The day the Taliban entered Kabul, she said, her coach called her mother and said Noura should go to the airport to be taken out of the country. Noura said her mother didn’t deliver the message because she didn’t want her to leave. When she learned of the message—too late to escape—Noura said she cut her wrists and had to be taken to the hospital.

ADVERTISEMENT

“The world had become dark for me,” she said.

Three months later, someone who identified himself as a member of the Taliban called the family and threatened her. “They were saying, why did you play sports? Sports are forbidden,” she recalled.

Terrified, she left Kabul, disguising herself in her burqa to travel to her family’s hometown. Eventually, she returned but remains in fear.

“Even if my life was difficult, I used to have confidence in myself and knew that, with effort, I could do what I wanted,” she said. “Now I don’t have much hope anymore.”Scenes of devastation as Turkey, Syria quake kills thousands

With the death toll climbing after the deadliest earthquake in over a decade brought massive destruction to parts of Turkey and Syria, rescue crews are holding fast to an increasingly slim hope of finding survivors.

This gallery shows the most compelling scenes from a devastating earthquake that hit southeast Turkey and northern Syria on Monday. The confirmed death toll from the magnitude 7.8 quake had surpassed 11,000 by Wednesday.

Search teams from around the world are joining tens of thousands of local emergency personnel, but the scale of the destruction has been so immense and spread over such a wide area — including a region isolated by Syria’s ongoing civil war — that many people were still awaiting help.

With unstable piles of metal and concrete, the searches are perilous. Adding to the worries are growing concerns about the amount of time trapped people could survive in the cold.

Stories of rescues, though, have continued to provide hope. A crying newborn still connected by the umbilical cord to her deceased mother was rescued Monday in Syria.

Meanwhile, countless families have already began burying their loved ones.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

The gallery was curated by Dusan Vranic, Deputy News Director for Photography for the Middle East, Afghanistan & Pakistan

ADVERTISEMENT

___

Follow AP visual journalism:

Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/apnews/

AP Images on Twitter: https://twitter.com/AP_Images

AP Images blog: https://apimagesblog.comCamel pageant is among World Cup's sidelines attractions

ASH-SHHANIYA, Qatar (AP) — Like all good pageant contestants, Nazaa’a displayed not only dazzling beauty but also poise and grace.

She batted her eyelashes and flashed a toothy smile for the television cameras at the Mzayen World Cup, a pageant held in the Qatari desert about 15 miles (25 kilometers) away from Doha and soccer’s World Cup .

Nazaa’a, mind you, is a camel.

Think Westminster Dog Show crossed with the Miss America Pageant, except for, well, camels.

Nazaa’a is a majestic light-haired creature that overcame several preliminary rounds and hundreds of other camels to win the pageant at Qatar Camel Mzayen Club on Friday.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

The event, which was designed to bring cultural awareness to World Cup visitors, was sponsored by the Ministry of Sports and Youth, in conjunction with the Supreme Committee for Delivery and Legacy, the local World Cup organizing committee.

Nazaa’a was one of 15 camels who competed for the crown, parading by fans while wearing bejeweled collars and draped with strings of gemstones.

“I thought our camel was better than Ronaldo and Messi,” joked Jassim al Kuwari, part of the family that owns Nazaa’a.

These events are held regularly throughout the Middle East, where the people have connected with camels for generations.

“This is our culture. This is from long time ago, from our fathers and grandfathers,” Al Kuwari said. “Today is a competition, a beauty competition. We like these camels. We give them names. It’s like a family.”

Visitors were greeted by a camel jingle “Welcome to the Camel Competition” and served Karak, a spiced tea with milk. Owners and their families sat in an air-conditioned luxury tent with red velvet chairs and a glass wall to watch the competition.

Full Coverage: Photography

The main attraction were the pure-bred female camels. Competitors makes several passes in front of a stand of fans that cheer for their favorite. There’s also a milking competition, with the prize going to the camel that produces the most milk.

Make no mistake, this a serious contest: A doctor is on staff to make sure the animals don’t use fillers or Botox to make them more beautiful. Last December dozens of camels were disqualified from the King Abdulaziz Camel Festival in Saudi Arabia for cosmetic enhancements.

ADVERTISEMENT

Then there’s the money: The winner, runner-up and third place camels all receive trophies. Nazaa’s owners earned 200,000 Qatari riyals ($55,000). The camel that produces the most milk wins 15,000 riyal.

“I have been with camels and their contests since I was a child,” camel owner Hamad al Greissi said. “Camels were there before planes and cars. They were called the ships of the desert. after modern vehicles, the camels became less popular, but they still hold a big place in our culture.”

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsBehind the Lens: Drought and hunger in Somalia

Associated Press photographers talk about their 2022 assignments, and share some of the stories behind the images.

___

THE PLACE: Displacement camps, Somalia

THE STORY: ‘So many children dying’: Somalia drought brings famine near

THE PHOTOGRAPHER: Jerome Delay

___

ON THE POETRY RECITED BY SOME RESIDENTS OF THE CAMP, AND ON NOTICING THINGS:

My colleague Cara Anna had read somewhere that the Somalis were very fond of poetry. So she just set out to find people and ask around and see if people were writing poetry. She found a couple of women. I couldn’t understand what the lyrics were and what they were saying, since I was more concentrating on trying to see how I could illustrate the story and how I could make it fit into the package on famine and global warming. But it was something little that added a little piece of life in that bad situation. Which is always the kind of thing that you need to look for.

Full Coverage: Photography

When you’re not working alone, when you’re working with a writer and TV person and people start talking, you concentrate on the photography and the shooting. And maybe you don’t pay as much attention as you should to what people are talking about. I often joke that I’m a photographer because I’m shy. It’s not really true, but it does happen sometimes where the easy way out is just to hide behind a camera. But you have to be aware of what’s happening around you.

ON WHAT SURPRISED HIM ABOUT THIS ASSIGNMENT AND THE CAMP:

Everybody has a cell phone. So communication is incredible. There might be more cell phones in Somalia than anywhere else in the world per capita. It’s incredible. It’s also one of the reasons how people know where to go. You’ll have a family from a village and they’ll say, “Hey, come here, and there is plenty of space, and the U.N. is feeding us.” The mass communication, the way people communicate long distances, that didn’t happen before. They’re all on WhatsApp, and they have access to a lot more information now.

ADVERTISEMENT

ON THE ETHICS OF PHOTOGRAPHING IN CAMPS:

When you barge into a camp with a camera, there is always that guilt feeling that you take things from people. You take the picture, and you try to justify it by saying, “Well, you’re giving them a voice, you’re telling their story to the world.” If I was in their shoes, I could care less about somebody taking my picture. I’d want somebody to bring me food and offer security. That is something that everyone deals with differently. But it doesn’t mean that we shouldn’t do it. I think we must do it.

ADVERTISEMENT

ON THE LOSS OF BABIES IN THE CAMPS:

We are always facing situations where people do lose family members and kids. The kids are the weakest. And if starvation doesn’t get them, malaria can, or all kinds of diseases and malnutrition. But the thing that struck me the most in this situation was the cemetery where the kid was buried — where we went — and she showed us with her husband. The place that has been set by the local authorities as the cemetery was about the size of three or four football fields. And by that time there were only 13 graves. So somebody anticipated a major disaster in the making. Somebody went to planning and said, “Well, this could get really, really, really ugly.” I was kind of pushing for going back at some stage to revisit that place. One thing striking was what seems to be the lack of emotion — the way we would imagine somebody who’d just lost a baby would react. Emotions there are kept very private. Everything is more quiet. More internalized, I would say. I think there’s joy when a baby survives. And that is a celebration.

—Interview by Leslie MazochAP PHOTOS: World Cup highlights from Day 17

Highlights from the 17th day of the World Cup in Qatar on Tuesday.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsAP PHOTOS: New Delhi's homeless shiver in biting cold

NEW DELHI (AP) — When midnight approaches in New Delhi and a freezing fog settles over the Indian capital, thousands of homeless people spread torn mattresses and blankets on the pavements and lie on them to keep warm.

Those who can’t afford the blankets spend the night around a smoldering fire built with garbage and discarded cardboard boxes. Others hunker down in a government shelter system.

It’s a scene that repeats itself every year when India’s capital experiences a harsh bout of winter cold, blamed for killing scores of homeless people and leaving tens of thousands of others shivering on the streets.

Full Coverage: Photography

On Sunday, New Delhi recorded a low of 5.5 degrees Celsius (41.9 Fahrenheit), with India’s weather forecasting agency warning of a severe cold wave from Monday.

New Delhi’s 20 million inhabitants are conditioned to various weather extremes, from blistering heat waves in the summer to thick, grey smog that envelopes the capital before the onset of the winter when a brutal cold wave sweeps most of northern India. The cold blankets streets in freezing fog so blinding that drivers cannot see cars in front of them, causing accidents.

The piercing chill is an ordeal for the city’s homeless, who curl their bodies on sidewalks and sleep as the traffic goes by. Even though the city’s night shelters are a refuge to many who would otherwise find themselves sleeping near busy roundabouts and underpasses, most people there live in harsh conditions. Many of the night shelters are overcrowded and have unclean toilets and no water.

“Overcrowding is a big problem. Because of too much footfall, some people sleep on the roadside,” said Sunil Kumar Aledia of the Centre for Holistic Development, who has worked with Delhi’s homeless population for decades.

India’s 2011 census figures show about 47,000 of the city’s residents were homeless, but activists say the number is a vast underestimate and that New Delhi has more than 150,000 without permanent residences to sleep in.

Official figures also show the city’s 195 homeless shelters can accommodate only about 19,000 people, leaving tens of thousands struggling to keep warm.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENTAP PHOTOS: Favorite photos from AP staff at the World Cup

DOHA, Qatar (AP) — A World Cup that ended with Lionel Messi finally holding the golden trophy in his hands produced some unforgettable images from the staff of Associated Press photographers at the tournament in Qatar.

Through the 64 games over nearly a month of soccer, the AP deployed dozens of photographers to the eight stadiums in and around Doha.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

It ended at Lusail Stadium with Argentina beating France in a penalty shootout for the title, and a photo of Messi hoisted above the crowd with the World Cup trophy in his hand.

It was one of a group of photos chosen by staff members as their favorite of the tournament.

There were other memorable moments, and other star players. Like Cristiano Ronaldo, who may have played his last World Cup match with Portugal at the age of 37. Like Neymar, who overcame an ankle injury to return to the field but ultimately lost in the quarterfinals with Brazil. Like Luka Modric, who made it back to the semifinals with Croatia a year after reaching the final. And like Kylian Mbappe, who became only the second player to score a hat trick in a World Cup final despite France’s loss to Argentina.

Full Coverage: Photography

ADVERTISEMENT

The tournament in Qatar has been criticized for years because of the country’s human rights record and it started with more controversy when FIFA threatened to penalize players who wanted to wear an unofficial captain’s armband to promote inclusion.

Four-time champion Germany was one of those teams, and the players decided to take a team picture before their opening match with each holding his hand over his mouth to show they were being silenced.

There were pictures off the field as well, like of the fans who make the World Cup so special. And even a cricket photo with migrant workers playing their favorite game on a rocky lot in the city with skyscrapers all around them.

In the end, though, it was all about Messi and that World Cup trophy in his grateful hands.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsFentanyl's scourge plainly visible on streets of Los Angeles

LOS ANGELES (AP) — In a filthy alley behind a Los Angeles doughnut shop, Ryan Smith convulsed in the grips of a fentanyl high — lurching from moments of slumber to bouts of violent shivering on a warm summer day.

When Brandice Josey, another homeless addict, bent down and blew a puff of fentanyl smoke his way in an act of charity, Smith sat up and slowly opened his lip to inhale the vapor as if it was the cure to his problems.

Smith, wearing a grimy yellow T-shirt that said “Good Vibes Only,” reclined on his backpack and dozed the rest of the afternoon on the asphalt, unperturbed by the stench of rotting food and human waste that permeated the air.

For too many people strung out on the drug, the sleep that follows a fentanyl hit is permanent. The highly addictive and potentially lethal drug has become a scourge across America and is taking a toll on the growing number of people living on the streets of Los Angeles.

ADVERTISEMENT

Nearly 2,000 homeless people died in the city from April 2020 to March 2021, a 56% increase from the previous year, according to a report released by the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health. Overdose was the leading cause of death, killing more than 700.

Fentanyl was developed to treat intense pain from ailments like cancer. Use of fentanyl, a powerful synthetic opioid that is cheap to produce and is often sold as is or laced in other drugs, has exploded. Because it’s 50 times more potent than heroin, even a small dose can be fatal.

It has quickly become the deadliest drug in the nation, according to the Drug Enforcement Administration. Two-thirds of the 107,000 overdose deaths in 2021 were attributed to synthetic opioids like fentanyl, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said.

The drug’s toll spreads far beyond the streets.

Jennifer Catano, 27, has the names of two children tattooed on her wrists, but she hasn’t seen them for several years. They live with her mother.

ADVERTISEMENT

“My mom doesn’t think it’s a good idea because she thinks it’s gonna hurt the kids because I’m not ready to get rehabilitated,” Catano said.

She has overdosed three times and been through rehab seven or eight times.

“It’s scary to get off of it,” she said. “The withdrawals are really bad.”

Catano wandered around a subway station near MacArthur Park desperate to sell a bottle of Downy fabric softener and a Coleman camping chair she stole from a nearby store.

ADVERTISEMENT

Drug abuse can be a cause or symptom of homelessness. Both can also intersect with mental illness.

A 2019 report by the Los Angeles Homeless Services Authority found about a quarter of all homeless adults in Los Angeles County had mental illnesses and 14% had a substance use disorder. That analysis only counted people who had a permanent or long-term severe condition. Taking a broader interpretation of the same data, the Los Angeles Times found about 51% had mental illnesses and 46% had substance use disorders.

Billions of dollars are being spent to alleviate homelessness in California but treatment is not always funded.

A controversial bill signed by Gov. Gavin Newsom could improve that by forcing people suffering from severe mental illness into treatment. But they need to be diagnosed with a certain disorder such as schizophrenia and addiction alone doesn’t qualify.

Help is available but it is outpaced by the magnitude of misery on the streets.

ADVERTISEMENT

Rita Richardson, a field supervisor with LA Door, a city addiction-prevention program that works with people convicted of misdemeanors, hands out socks, water, condoms, snacks, clean needles and flyers at the same hotspots Monday through Friday. She hopes the consistency of her visits will encourage people to get help.

“Then hopefully the light bulb comes on. It might not happen this year. It might not happen next year. It might take several years,” said Richardson, a former homeless addict. ”My goal is to take them from the dark to the light.”

Parts of Los Angeles have become scenes of desperation with men and women sprawled on sidewalks, curled up on benches and collapsed in squalid alleys. Some huddle up smoking the drug, others inject it.

Armando Rivera, 33, blew out white puffs to attract addicts in the alley where Smith was sleeping. He needed to sell some dope to buy more. Those without enough money to support their habit, hovered around him, hoping for a free hit. Rivera showed no mercy.

Catano couldn’t sell the chair, but eventually she sold the fabric softener to a street vendor for $5.

It was enough money for another high.

ADVERTISEMENT

___

This story has been updated to correct the spelling of Downy fabric softener.AP PHOTOS: World Cup highlights from Day 19

Highlights from the 19th day of the World Cup in Qatar on Saturday.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsAP PHOTOS: World Cup highlights from Day 7

Highlights from the seventh day of the World Cup in Qatar on Saturday.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_Sports‘A time bomb’: India’s sinking holy town faces grim future

Krutika Pathi I'm a correspondent looking at South Asia from New Delhi KrutikaPathikpathi@ap.org

JOSHIMATH, India (AP) — Inside a shrine overlooking snow-capped mountains, Hindu priests heaped spoonfuls of puffed rice and ghee into a crackling fire. They closed their eyes and chanted in Sanskrit, hoping their prayers would somehow turn back time and save their holy — and sinking — town.

For months, the roughly 20,000 residents in Joshimath, burrowed in the Himalayas and revered by Hindu and Sikh pilgrims, have watched the earth slowly swallow their community. They pleaded for help that never arrived, and in January their desperate plight made it into the international spotlight.

But by then, Joshimath was already a disaster zone. Multistoried hotels slumped to one side; cracked roads gaped open. More than 860 homes were uninhabitable, splayed by deep fissures that snaked through ceilings, floors and walls. And instead of saviors they got bulldozers that razed whole lopsided swaths of the town.

Full Coverage: Photography

ADVERTISEMENT

The holy town was built on piles of debris left behind by years of landslides and earthquakes. Scientists have warned for decades, including in a 1976 report, that Joshimath could not withstand the level of heavy construction that has recently been taking place.

“Cracks are widening every day and people are in fear. We have been saying for years this is not just a disaster, but a disaster in the making… it’s a time bomb,” said Atul Sati, an activist with the Save Joshimath Committee.

Joshimath’s future is at risk, experts and activists say, due in part to a push backed by the prime minister’s political party to grow religious tourism in Uttarakhand, the holy town’s home state. On top of climate change, extensive new construction to accommodate more tourists and accelerate hydropower projects in the region is exacerbating subsidence — the sinking of land.

Located 1,890 meters (6,200 feet) above sea level, Joshimath is said to have special spiritual powers and believed to be where Hindu guru Adi Shankaracharya found enlightenment in the 8th century before going on to establish four monasteries across India, including one in Joshimath.

Visitors pass through the town on their way to the famous Sikh shrine, Hemkund Sahib, and the Hindu temple, Badrinath.

“It must be protected,” said Brahmachari Mukundanand, a local priest who called Joshimath the “brain of North India” and explained that “Our body can still function if some limbs are cut off. But if anything happens to our brain, we can’t function. … Its survival is extremely important.”

ADVERTISEMENT

The town’s loose topsoil and soft rocks can only support so much and that limit, according to environmentalist Vimlendu Jha, may have already been breached.

“You can’t just construct anything anywhere just because it is allowed,” he said. “In the short term, you might think it’s development. But in the long term, it is actually devastation.”

At least 240 families have been forced to relocate without knowing if they would be able to return.

Prabha Sati, who fled Joshimath in a panic last month when her home began to crack and tilt, came back to grab the television, idols of Hindu gods and some shoes before state officials demolished her home.

“We built this house with so much difficulty. Now I will have to leave everything behind. Every small piece of it will be destroyed,” she said, blinking back tears.

Authorities, ignoring expert warnings, have continued to move forward with costly projects in the region, including a slew of hydropower stations and a lengthy highway. The latter is aimed at further boosting religious tourism, a key plank of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Bharatiya Janata Party.

In 2021, Modi promised a prosperous decade ahead for Uttarakhand. It is dotted with several holy shrines and improving the state’s infrastructure has already led to a steady rise in pilgrims over the decades. Nearly 500,000 passed through Joshimath in 2019, state data shows.

“In the next 10 years, the state will receive more tourists than it did in the last 100 years,” Modi said.

A big Uttarakhand tourism draw is the Char Dham pilgrimage, one of the toughest in India.

ADVERTISEMENT

The route takes people to four, high-altitude Hindu temples. Pilgrims traverse challenging terrain, dropping oxygen levels and harsh weather between Badrinath, Gangotri, Kedarnath and Yamunotri temples. In 2022, over 200 out of the 250,000 pilgrims died while making the journey. Authorities said the rise in visitors was straining existing infrastructure.

Already underway, the Char Dham infrastructure project, aims to make the journey more accessible via a 10-meter (32-foot) wide and 889-kilometer (552 miles) long all-weather highway as well as a 327-kilometer (203-mile) railway line that would crisscross through the mountains.

It is a controversial project with some experts saying it will exacerbate the fragile situation in the upper Himalayas where several towns are built atop landslide debris.

Veteran environmentalist Ravi Chopra called the project a desecration when he resigned from a court-ordered committee studying its impact. To create such wide roads, engineers would need to smash boulders, cut trees and strip shrubbery, which he said will weaken slopes and make them “more susceptible to natural disasters.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Urban planning expert Kiran Shinde suggested a pedestrian corridor instead, noting these places were never meant for cars nor crowds numbering in the hundreds of thousands.

“The highway is the most disastrous thing to happen to the Char Dham,” said Shinde, a professor at Australia’s La Trobe University who has written on religious tourism. “Let people walk.”

Cracks continue to form. Located near a rail line construction site, Sangeeta Krishali’s home in Lachmoli, about 100 kilometers (62 miles) from Joshimath, has them. She fears for her safety: “It happened there, it can happen here, too.”

In Joshimath’s foothills, construction was paused on a road for the Char Dham project that would ferry tourists faster to the Badrinath temple after cracks emerged in people’s homes.

Locals feared it was too late. A long, jagged crack running across one of the front walls in the famed Adi Shankaracharya monastery had deepened worryingly in recent weeks, said Vishnu Priyanand, one of the priests.

“Let places of worship remain as places of worship. Don’t make them tourist spots,” he pleaded.

It’s not just the highways. For the past 17 years, Atul Sati, the Save Joshimath Committee member, has been convinced that a hydropower station located near his town could one day ruin it. He isn’t alone. In late January, hundreds of residents protested against the National Thermal Power Corporation’s Tapovan project. Posters reading ‘Go back NTPC’ are plastered across the town’s main market.

“Our town is on the verge of destruction because of this project,” Sati said.

Locals say construction blasts for a 12-kilometer (7-mile) tunnel for the station are causing their homes to crumble. Work has been suspended but NTPC officials deny any link to Joshimath’s subsidence. An expert committee is still investigating the cause, but state officials earlier blamed faulty drainage systems.

The state government announced interim relief packages, including compensation worth 150,000 rupees ($1,813) to each affected family, said Himanshu Khurana, the officer in charge of Chamoli district where Joshimath is located. Various government agencies were conducting surveys to determine what caused the damage, he added.

ADVERTISEMENT

The crisis in Joshimath has reignited questions over whether India’s quest for more hydropower in the mountains to cut its reliance on coal can be achieved sustainably. Uttarakhand, home to more than 30 rivers and surrounded by melting glaciers, has around 100 hydropower projects in varying stages.

In 2021, 200 people died after the Tapovan plant near Joshimath was submerged by severe floods caused in part by fast shrinking glaciers, and over 6,000 were killed in the state after a devastating cloudburst in 2013.

The heavy construction required for hydropower, like blasting boulders, diverting river flows and cutting through forests, in a region already vulnerable to climate change, could do irreparable damage, experts warn.

It could also displace entire villages, as residents of a hamlet near Joshimath found out.

Haat, a village along the Alaknanda River, was once a sacred hamlet that traced its origins to the guru Adi Shankaracharya, who is said to have established another temple here in the 8th Century.

Today, it is a dumping site for waste and a storage pit for construction materials after the village was acquired in 2009 by an energy enterprise to build a hydropower project.

The Laxmi Narayan temple, encircled by grey stacks of cement, is the only part of the village still standing. All of its residents left over the years as authorities began razing down their homes, said Rajendra Hatwal, once the village chief who now lives in another town nearby.

The project, he fumed, had killed Haat.

“What sort of development requires destroying these priceless places? We don’t want any part of it.”

A court last year directed authorities to stop dumping waste near the historic temple, which was once the last rest stop for devotees on their pilgrimage to Badrinath.

Hatwal and a few others still check in on the temple often. A caretaker, who refused to leave, lives in a makeshift room next to it. He sweeps the grounds, cleans the idols and prepares tea for the odd guest who comes through.

They feared its days, like their homes, were also numbered.

“We are fighting to protect the temple. We want to preserve our ancient culture to pass on to a new generation,” said Hatwal. “They have not only destroyed a village - they have finished a 1,200 year old culture.”

___

AP photojournalist Rajesh Kumar Singh contributed to this report.

——

Associated Press religion coverage receives support through the AP’s collaboration with The Conversation US, with funding from Lilly Endowment Inc. The AP is solely responsible for this content.AP PHOTOS: World Cup highlights from Day 15

Highlights from the 15th day of the World Cup in Qatar on Sunday.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsThis photo provided by the Consumer Product Safety Commission shows YETI Hopper M20 Soft Backpack Cooler. U.S. product regulators said Thursday, March 9, 2023, that Yeti has recalled 1.9 million coolers and gear cases because magnets can come detached from them, posing a risk of serious injury or death. The Consumer Product Safety Commission said consumers should immediately stop using the four recalled products and contact Yeti for refund information. (Consumer Product Safety Commission via AP)

This photo provided by the Consumer Product Safety Commission shows YETI Hopper M20 Soft Backpack Cooler. U.S. product regulators said Thursday, March 9, 2023, that Yeti has recalled 1.9 million coolers and gear cases because magnets can come detached from them, posing a risk of serious injury or death. The Consumer Product Safety Commission said consumers should immediately stop using the four recalled products and contact Yeti for refund information. (Consumer Product Safety Commission via AP)

U.S. product regulators said Thursday that Yeti has recalled 1.9 million coolers and gear cases because magnets can come detached from them, posing a risk of serious injury or death.

The Consumer Product Safety Commission said consumers should immediately stop using the four recalled products and contact Yeti for refund information.

The closures on the recalled products can fail, resulting in detached magnets, the CPSC said. If swallowed, two or more high-powered magnets can attract to each other or to another metal object and get stuck in the digestive system. The CPSC said if that happens, it can cause perforations, twisting and blockage of the intestines, potentially resulting in infection, blood poisoning and death.

The products being recalled are the Sidekick dry gear case, M20 soft backpack cooler and M30 soft cooler, version 1.0 and 2.0.

The coolers and gear bags were sold at Dick’s Sporting Goods, Ace Hardware, Academy Sports and Outdoors, Yeti and other stores, including Amazon, from March 2018 to January 2023. The gear case sells for about $50 and the coolers for between $300 and $350.

ADVERTISEMENT

The firm has received 1,399 reports of the magnet-lined closures degrading or failing, including reports of missing or detached magnets. No magnet ingestions or injuries have been reported.

Consumers can contact Yeti toll-free at 833-444-3151 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Sunday. The Austin, Texas company can also be contact by email at productrecall (at) yeti.com or online at https://stg.yeti.com/M20-M30-sidekick-product-recall.html or at www.yeti.com. Consumers should click on “Product Recall” at the bottom of the page for details.

More than 40,000 of the recalled products were sold in Canada.

Shares in Yeti were down about 1.5% in midday trading Thursday.AP PHOTOS: World Cup highlights from Day 5

Highlights from the fifth day of the World Cup

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsEccentric art flourishes along outskirts of Buenos Aires

BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP) — Why build a rooftop water tank in the shape of a Teletubby? Or go to the effort of installing a replica of the Eiffel Tower atop a semi-abandoned building?

It’s often difficult to explain the proliferation of unusual artwork dotting the vast urban belt of some 11 million people outside Argentina’s capital of Buenos Aires.

In this immense swath of tree-lined neighborhoods co-existing with areas of chaos — apparently built with little if any urban planning — many residents have erected grandiose, eyebrow-raising surprises.

The creators are usually construction workers or shop owners, although some artists are seeking to leave their signature in their neighborhood.

Full Coverage: Photography

Pedro Flores defines the outskirts of Buenos Aires as a “post-apocalyptic paradise” close to the capital’s center. He and two friends run an Instagram account, “The Walking Conurban,” a play on the words “conurbano bonaerense,” as the roughly 40 municipalities are known in Spanish.

The page publishes images daily of these suburbs, often tinged with a bit of magical realism: a dinosaur on the dirt streets of a poor neighborhood; two Minions dolls greeting people from a home; a Statue of Liberty in the middle of a pasture.

Here are some of the works The Associated Press visited.

THE EIFFEL TOWER

On a rooftop at the corner of a street in the town of La Tablada stands a replica of the Eiffel Tower. Miguel Muñoz, 58, proudly explains how his father, a blacksmith, built it out of leftover iron with the guidance of brochures from the French embassy.

“He gave it to me on my birthday, that’s why I don’t sell it,” Muñoz said.

The tower is a symbol in the neighborhood. “I took it down once to paint it and the neighbors went crazy thinking someone had stolen it,” Muñoz said.

THE KETTLE

On the terrace of a two-story house stands a large water tank in the shape of a kettle, like the ones used by Argentines to make their beloved tea-like infusions known as mate. It was built in 1957 by Italian immigrant Victorio Smerilli and some relatives.

“They decided to do it as a replica of the ‘Victor’ kettle they sold in a store located downstairs in this same house,” said Gustavo Smerilli, the immigrant’s grandson.

ADVERTISEMENT

Adriana Paoli runs an art workshop in the building and she is pushing a project to restore the kettle.

“If I say, ‘I have my workshop in the kettle,’ everyone knows the place,” she said.

STATUE OF LIBERTY

In the municipality of General Rodríguez, behind a humble house, a replica of a Statue of Liberty rises above a field where horses and cows graze.

The 15-meter- (49-foot-) high structure is a leftover from the “Liberty Motocross” circuit operated there years ago, the caretaker of the property, Pablo Sebastián, said.

GORILLA OF THE BOAT HOUSE

Sitting peacefully on a rock, next to a door of a boat-shaped house in the town of San Miguel, the gorilla Pepe drinks from a mate gourd. The creator of the house and the gorilla statue is sculptor and painter Héctor Duarte, who died in 2020.

ADVERTISEMENT

Duarte’s family has received offers to buy the cement sculpture, but they refuse to sell.

BUSTS OF EVITA AND JUAN PERÓN

In the patio of the same house where Pepe the gorilla presides, Duarte’s busts of Juan Domingo Perón, three-time president of Argentina, and his wife, Eva María Duarte, can be seen embracing.

Duarte’s family lends the sculptures out for official ceremonies.

MONTE GRANDE WATER TANK

The enormous water tank in Monte Grande’s main plaza became a work of art in 2020 when, at the municipality’s request, artist Leandro García Pimentel painted a mural on it depicting fire, earth, air and water.

The water tank has become a meeting point and public ceremonies, and newlyweds pose in front of it for photos.

ADVERTISEMENT

DINOSAUR

On a street in front of bricklayer Daniel Niz’s house, in the poor Sol de Oro neighborhood in Ezeiza, a dinosaur greets visitors.

“My son wanted a rubber (dinosaur) and it was expensive, so I decided to make this out of recycled things and materials,” Niz said.

He previously had the dinosaur on a patio inside his house but he decided to put it outside so people could take photos of the 1.2-ton structure.

HAND OF GOD WATER TANK

A water tank made to look like a large hand holding a soccer ball stands on the roof of a house in the La Cumbre neighborhood on the outskirts of La Plata, recalling the famous goal Diego Maradona scored with his hand against England in the 1986 World Cup.

It was designed by a deceased mason who was well known to locals.

COLOSSEUM, TOWER OF PISA and ARCH OF TRIUMPH

Replicas of these European masterworks in the municipality of Ituzaingó were carried out by artist and architect Rubén Díaz, who is considered a “generator of fantasies.” Díaz’s goal is in part to let his neighbors “travel” to places they would normally never see.

The Colosseum, which is 200 square meters (2,153 square feet) and 8 meters (26 feet) high, recreates the Roman amphitheater.

The Argentine version of the Arc de Triomphe in Paris is 11 meters (36 feet) high and has the late comedian Carlitos Balá immortalized on one side.

ADVERTISEMENT

Meanwhile, the Leaning Tower of Pisa is located in the front garden of a private property. Díaz has proposed building the Great Wall of China in 2023.

HOMER’S GRILL

Homer Simpson, the father from the TV series “The Simpsons,” smiles and holds up his thumb from atop the aluminum roof of a restaurant in the town of Ciudadela. On the front of the restaurant, which serves cuts of grilled meat, is the silhouette of Maradona running with a ball.

TELETUBBY WATER TANK

Po, the red Teletubby with the circular antenna, smiles as she surveys a long and busy highway. But Po isn’t just there for decoration — she is the lid of a building’s water tank in the town of Ciudadela.

Ignacio Castro, who rents the apartment just below the tank, said that when he was about to move in he found the head of the character of the famous children’s show in the kitchen. He gave it to his uncle but the owner of the building demanded it be returned.

FIGURES OF IMMIGRANTS

Also in Ciudadela, some 20 human-scale figures appear in a row in the entrance garden to the home of Antonio Ierace, an Italian immigrant who arrived in Argentina in 1949 and worked as a bricklayer.

As a hobby, he designed statues dedicated to migrants, including a man carrying two suitcases, and homages to workers such as hairdressers and blacksmiths.

HOUSE WITH THE TRANSFORMERS

In the town of Adrogué, gardener Juan Acosta cuts the grass in his yard where there are six robots that resemble Transformers from the 1980s U.S. television program. Passersby can see the Transformers from the sidewalk.

“Curious people take photos daily,” Acosta said of the robots made from recycled materials.

(AP Video/Victor Caivano)AP PHOTOS: Pageant celebrates transgender life in India

GUWAHATI, India (AP) — Anilya Boro may not have won the crown at India’s Miss Trans NE pageant this year, but having her parents there in support was a validation in its own right.

“I must prove to my parents that I can do something as a girl,” said the 22-year-old. “I didn’t win a title, but I am very happy that my parents were at the show to support me. Now they have accepted my decision to live as a girl and undergo surgery, but they don’t want me to rush through.”

Twenty transgender women sashayed on a stage dressed as ethnic and tribal characters in the beauty pageant, drawing rounds of applause from the audience. The contestants came from India’s remote eight northeastern states, some of them nestled in the Himalayas in a relatively undeveloped region known for its stunning natural vistas.

Full Coverage: Photography

The event on Wednesday promoted the beauty and uniqueness of the northeastern region and community pride to uplift the transgender community, said Ajan Akash Barauah, the organizer.

It wasn’t easy to hold the show with no corporate funding. Ajan turned to friends and organizations supporting the transgender cause to finance the pageant.

Sexual minorities across India have gained a degree of acceptance, especially in big cities, and transgender people were guaranteed equal rights as a third gender in 2014. But prejudice persists and the community continues to face discrimination and rejection by their families. They’re often denied jobs, education and health care.

Ajan lived in the Indian capital for 13 years as a fashion designer and moved to her hometown of Guwahati in northeastern Assam state after the COVID-19 pandemic hit the country.

She had won the title of Trans Queen in 2014, in a pageant held in the southern city of Vishakhapatnam, and later decided to help the community in the northeastern region.

“The Miss Trans NE pageant on Nov. 30 was only for men who identified themselves as women. Next year, it will include transgender men as well,” Ajan said.

ADVERTISEMENT

Anilya is keeping her sights high, dreaming of one day winning the Miss Universe title. Her mother, Aikon Boro, said Anilya wore only girl’s clothes since she was 6 or 7, feeling the most comfortable in them.

“Everybody in the family tried to change her habits and behavior but she didn’t listen. Now the family members have accepted her as a transgender person,” she said.

The top prize at Miss Trans NE went to Lucey Ham from Itanagar in Arunachal Pradesh state which borders on China, while Aria Deka and Rishidhya Sangkarishan, both from Assam in the far northeast, were runners-up.

“I am overwhelmed with joy. I have nothing to say. I will never forget the biggest moment of my life,” Ham said after she was crowned the winner.

Creating awareness about transgender people and educating them about their rights was what got Ajan involved with the event.

“They should know about gender equality everywhere. Even when you go to the office or a hotel or a public toilet you have the right to ask for proper facilities,” Ajan said.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENTChilean circus has fought LGBTQ discrimination for 54 years

SANTIAGO, Chile (AP) — The transformation begins as night falls on this semi-desert esplanade on the outskirts of Chile’s capital, with Arturo, Alejandro and René applying makeup and donning wigs, feathers and sequins to become “Verónica Power,” “Alexandra” and “The Crazy Purse Woman.”

The characters are classics of the Timoteo Circus, a show that has fought prejudice and discrimination against Chile’s LGBTQ community for more than a half century, even through a military dictatorship, in a country known for its devout Catholicism.

“Alexandra” – played by 65-year-old Alejandro Pavés – recalled life for the performers under the regime of Gen. Augusto Pinochet, which governed the South American country from 1973 to 1990.

ADVERTISEMENT

“It was terrible to work under the dictatorship … there was a lot of hatred for gays in Chile at that time,” Pavés told The Associated Press, recalling the number of times he had been arrested, insulted and mistreated.

“The police would arrive and take us prisoner and if they found you dressed as a woman they would give you a sodomy” charge, which would mark you for the rest of your life, Pavés said. “The owners had to hide us.”

Although it is called a circus, it is more of a sexual diversity show with humor, song and dance under a big top, and has 30 employees. At its peaks it had up to 70. The Timoteo Circus is one of the best known of Chile’s 120 circuses.

“All Chileans know Circo Timoteo, it’s like an institution,” said Stéfano Rubio, a conductor and administrative manager of the circus.

ADVERTISEMENT

The show began in 1968 when one of the circus’ female dancers was absent for a performance. Its founder, René Valdés, had one of the male performers dress as a woman and replace her on stage. The performance was so popular the dancer did five curtain calls to receive applause. The transformation circus was born and has been committed to sexual diversity ever since.

Arturo Peña, who plays “The Crazy Purse Lady,” said that during the dictatorship the performers used to receive kicks and blows for their appearance, and the idea of carrying a purse in her act was to use in self-defense.

(AP Video/Alexandre Plaza)

Pavés, who comes from a family with a strong military and religious tradition, hid his sexual identity from his family until a television program revealed what he did.

His family eventually accepted him but he says there always was the “shame of having a gay son, uncle or cousin.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Now, he cannot see himself having any other job than the Timoteo Circus, and that when he dies he wants his funeral to be held under the circus’ big top.

“Today I work with more security, they accept me more” and the public understands the message better, he said.

ADVERTISEMENTAP PHOTOS: Women with sticks perform Indian festival ritual

NANDGAON, India (AP) — Hundreds of women in two north Indian towns celebrated “Holi,” the Hindu festival of colors, by playfully hitting men with wooden sticks in response to their teasing as part of a ritual.

After two years of subdued revelry due to COVID-19, the Holi celebrations that began last week recreated the legend of the Hindu god Krishna spraying his consort Radha and her friends with red, yellow, green and saffron colors. The women were from Nandgaon, the hometown of Krishna, and the men were from Barsana, the legendary hometown of Radha.

The men wore turbans and held shields above their heads to protect themselves from the women’s hits in the mock battle.

The devotees, smeared in colored powder, then prayed at the Nandagram Temple near where Hindus believe the god Krishna and his brother Balram spent their childhood. The temple was built at the beginning of the 19th century.

ADVERTISEMENT

They exchanged sweets and drinks as part of the celebrations.

Some men were caught by women and made to dress like them. They then sang and danced along with the women.

The “Lathmar Holi” (Stick Holi) festival attracts visitors from around the world in large numbers to experience the celebrations, which are a symbol of India’s cultural heritage. The twin towns of Nandgaon and Barsana are about 115 kilometers (70 miles) south of New Delhi.

Holi traditions vary across India. In most parts, the holiday will be celebrated on Wednesday, turning the streets and lanes into playgrounds with people of all faiths joining the festivities. They also include water balloons and squirt guns.

Holi, which marks the advent of spring, is widely celebrated in India, Nepal and other countries with large Indian subcontinent diaspora populations.

Full Coverage: Photography

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENTBehind the Lens: Photographing the 'Army of God'

Associated Press photographers talk about their 2022 assignments, and share some of the stories behind the images.

___

THE PLACE: Batavia, New York, United States

THE STORY: Michael Flynn’s ReAwaken road show recruits ‘Army of God’

THE PHOTOGRAPHER: Carolyn Kaster

___

ON THE PREP WORK INVOLVED:

I did some groundwork before I went there. I got there a day early. I didn’t stay at a hotel, I stayed at a local B&B and started talking to people. I went around the site, I went to a restaurant that had the most cars — just trying to get a sense of what the community was like, even though I knew that mostly people from the outside were coming to the event. I found where the hospital was, I found where the two police stations were. I did that kind of thing just to really acclimate myself to the physical surroundings. And I looked at what people were wearing, I tried to be just kind of low frequency, just kind of a blank slate going in.

Full Coverage: Photography

I didn’t paint myself as anything other than what I was. But I didn’t advertise it, either. If anyone asked me what I was doing, I told them who I was and where I was from. We’re in the information business, and I believe in telling the truth. I felt really strongly about telling people who I was if they wanted to know.

ADVERTISEMENT

ON CONNECTING WITH PEOPLE WHO MIGHT NOT TRUST YOU:

I kind of opened myself up to people. And people love to talk, too. So I didn’t really take pictures for the first half of the first day. I just really observed and saw the rhythm of how people were taking pictures. It’s a cell phone kind of life. Everybody was taking selfies with each other and I just kind of worked myself into the rhythm of that event. You do this thing as a photographer where after a while people get used to seeing you. And I think that that worked well. I told a couple people who asked me who I was. And I told them where I was from. I told them what I was doing. But I didn’t hang out with the reporter, Michelle Smith. I didn’t act like a reporter. I talked to people at the event more than I talked to my colleague. That rapport made it possible to get the images I needed. It was a process. Definitely.

ADVERTISEMENT

ON BEING AN INFORMED PHOTOGRAPHER:

It’s like covering a baseball game. You have to know who’s going to who’s going to set a record and who the key players are, and you go in knowing the basic background information so you can tell the story of the game. You have to give yourself context. You have to know who’s there and why they’re there. And you have to ask people these questions. That’s just how how this kind of work works.

I see it as a dance between the two halves of my visual brain. There’s this reactionary brain and this reactionary method, like breaking news. And then there’s the more documentary side, which is a more contemplative side and is not so reactionary or knee jerk. It’s not a car crash; it’s more trying to capture a culture and a feeling and a texture and the frequency of a thing. That takes some looking around.

ADVERTISEMENT

Like the woman praying along the fence line to the American flag. That took some looking around to find that, but it really spoke to me about what that event was. I had to look around to find that doormat of Biden under that man’s feet. And that adds to the texture. It wasn’t just the person yelling on the stage. It takes some looking around. Observing and asking how people are relating to an event takes time.

As a professional photographer, my craft is capturing the scene. But I really believe the more time you have, the richer the pictures can be, the more nuanced they can be. You can actually find where the emotion is, where things meet and where the energy is. It takes some looking around and being able to get out of your own head.

— Interview by Leslie MazochAP PHOTOS: World Cup highlights from Day 8

Highlights from the eighth day of the World Cup in Qatar on Sunday.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsAP PHOTOS: World Cup highlights from Day 12

Highlights from the 12th day of the World Cup in Qatar on Thursday.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsRelaxed COVID rules, deadly crowd crushes mark year in Asia

Natural disasters and crowd-related tragedies claimed hundreds of lives in Asia and overshadowed the COVID-19 pandemic, with most countries easing or completely lifting the tough restrictions of the previous two years. Even China, the last major country to try to control virus transmission through a “zero-COVID” strategy, relaxed the rigorous rules that triggered rare public protests.

Political turmoil hit debt-laden Sri Lanka, where protesters broke into President Gotabaya Rajapaksa’s residence and forced him into resigning after fleeing abroad. He later returned to the country headed by a new leader, Ranil Wickremesinghe, who negotiated a bailout package with international lenders contingent on sweeping economic reforms.

Japan was shocked by the assassination of former Prime Minister Shinzo Abe during a campaign rally on July 8. The suspect cited Abe’s links to the ultra-conservative Unification Church, whose ties to the ruling party caused major headaches for the new prime minister, Fumio Kishida.

ADVERTISEMENT

In Seoul, 156 young revelers were crushed to death when more than 100,000 people flocked to the city’s popular nightlife district for Halloween celebrations, the first since the country’s strict COVID-19 restrictions were lifted.

Earlier in October, police at a soccer match in Indonesia fired tear gas after some fans spilled onto the field, sending people rushing toward the exits, some of which were locked, and causing a crush that left 135 dead.

ADVERTISEMENT

Still that same month, the collapse of a newly repaired suspension bridge in India’s Gujarat state killed 134 people as hundreds were celebrating the Hindu festival season.

In November, a shallow 5.6 magnitude earthquake struck Indonesia’s main Java island, killing 334 people and injuring nearly 600.

And in Thailand, the deadliest mass killing in the country left 36 dead when a fired police officer stormed a rural day care center and massacred mostly preschoolers.

ADVERTISEMENT

China entered the year as host of the Beijing Winter Olympics in February, with participants and guests sequestered in a “bubble” as part of strict COVID-19 rules.

But the country’s pandemic approach — which seeks to isolate every single infection at a huge cost to the economy and freedom of movement — unraveled when thousands took to the streets in major cities to protest the restrictions and call for leader Xi Jinping and the Communist Party to step down. The party responded with a massive show of force and an unknown number of people were arrested.

ADVERTISEMENT

The government under Xi, who granted himself new powers as China’s potential leader for life, relaxed measures and indicated it will tolerate more cases without quarantines or shutting down travel or businesses as it winds down its “zero-COVID” strategy, even as cases rise and threaten to overwhelm health resources.

ADVERTISEMENTAP-Week in Pictures: Global / Jan. 28 - Feb.3, 2023

Jan. 28 - Feb.3, 2023

From worshippers gathering at an airport in Congo for a Mass with Pope Francis, to protesters marching over the death of Tyre Nichols, who died after being beaten by police in Memphis, Tennessee, this photo gallery highlights some of the most compelling images from around the world made or published by The Associated Press in the past week.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

The selection was curated by AP photo editor Subramoney Iyer in New Delhi.

Follow AP visual journalism:

Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/apnews/

AP Images on Twitter: https://twitter.com/AP_Images

AP Images blog: https://apimagesblog.comAP Week in Pictures: Latin America and Caribbean

Dec. 16-22 2022

This photo gallery highlights some of the most compelling images made or published by Associated Press photographers in Latin America and the Caribbean. It was curated by AP photo editor Anita Baca in Mexico City.

ADVERTISEMENT

Follow AP visual journalism:

Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/apnews

AP Images on Twitter: http://twitter.com/AP_Images

AP Images blog: http://apimagesblog.comAP PHOTOS: World Cup highlights from Day 21

Highlights from the 21st day of the World Cup in Qatar on Wednesday.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsClimate change threatens centuries-old oases in Morocco

ALNIF, Morocco (AP) — Residents of the oasis of Alnif say they can’t remember a drought this bad: The land is dry. Some wells are empty. Palm groves that date back more than 100 years are barren.

Home to centuries-old oases that have been a trademark of Morocco, this region about 170 miles southeast of Marrakesh is reeling from the effects of climate change, which has created an emergency for the kingdom’s agriculture.

Among those affected is Hammou Ben Ady, a nomad in the Tinghir region who leads his flock of sheep and goats in search of grazing grass. The drought forced him to rely on government handouts of fodder.

November is usually a cold, wet month in Alnif, but when the rain failed to come, the king called for rain prayers across the country, an old Islamic tradition during desperately dry times.

ADVERTISEMENT

Children led the procession, holding wooden planks inscribed with Quranic verses, followed by local officials and residents. They gathered near a dead oasis as a religious leader declared that the drought was a man-made disaster and that the rains will come when people atone for their sins and the way they have “treated the planet.”

Resident Mo’chi Ahmad said the oasis has provided a livelihood for this population for hundreds of years. Now the oasis is “threatened with extinction,” and everyone notices the disappearing palm trees.

In the last three years, hundreds of people from oasis areas have fled toward cities and many young people have migrated toward Europe, mainly because of the drought, said Mohamed Bozama, another resident.

He also blames the digging of unauthorized wells and rising demand for water from existing wells for worsening the crisis.

But for Hassan Bouazza, some of the solution lies in the hands of the people of the Alnif region. He was the first to install solar panels on the region’s ksar, or castle, and began relying on the energy produced to dig wells and irrigate his fellow farmers’ lands.

ADVERTISEMENT

“We must learn to live with the situation we’re in and think about ways to make the heat and drought work to our advantage,” such as using new irrigation systems and solar power, he said.

He called for oasis inhabitants to be provided with training to help them move away from traditional irrigation in favor of drip irrigation, which requires significantly less water.

But sometimes, Bouazza said, it’s hard not to despair when climate warnings are ignored.

“It is like a little child holds a dying bird in his hand, and all he does is laugh. This is how we are treating Mother Earth.”

ADVERTISEMENTAP's top 2022 photos capture a planet bursting at the seams

Taken together, they can convey the feeling of a world convulsing — 150 Associated Press images from across 2022, showing the fragments that make up our lives and freezing in time the moments that somehow, these days, seem to pass faster than ever.

Here: a man recovering items from a burning shop in Ukraine after a Russia attack. Here: people thronging the residence of the Sri Lankan president after protesters stormed it demanding his resignation. Here: medical workers trying to identify victims of a bridge collapse in India. And here: flames engulfing a chair inside a burning home as wildfires sweep across Mariposa County, Calif.

As history in 2022 unfolded and the world lurched forward — or, it seemed sometimes, in other directions — Associated Press photographers were there to bring back unforgettable images. Through their lenses, across the moments and months, the presence of chaos can seem more encircling than ever.

A year’s worth of news images can also be clarifying. To see these photographs is to channel — at least a bit — the jumbled nature of the events that come at us, whether we are participating in them or, more likely, observing them from afar. Thus do 150 individual front-row seats to history and life translate into a message: While the world may surge with disorder, the thrum of daily life in all its beauty continues to unfold in the planet’s every corner.

There is grief: Three heart-shaped balloons fly at a memorial site outside the elementary school in Uvalde, Texas, where 19 children and two teachers were killed by a gunman.

There is determination: Migrants in a wooden boat float across the Mediterranean sea south of an Italian island, trying to reach their destination.

There is fear: A man looks skyward over his shoulder, an expression of trepidation on his face, as he walks past homes damaged by a rocket attack in Ukraine.

There are glimpses into calamity: Villagers gather in northern Kenya, in an area stricken by climate-induced drought.

There is perseverance: A girl uses a kerosene oil lamp to attend online lessons during a power cut in the Sri Lankan capital.

Don’t be blinded by all of the violence and disarray, though, which can drown out other things but perhaps should not. Because here, too, are photos of joy and exuberance and, simply, daily human life.

A skier soaring through the air in Austria, conquering gravity for a fleeting moment. Chris Martin of the band Coldplay, singing toward the sky in Rio de Janeiro. A lone guard marching outside Buckingham Palace days after the death of Queen Elizabeth II. An 8-year-old Afghan girl, her eyes locked with the camera, posing for a photo in her classroom in Kabul, days after a bombing attack at her school. Women taking a selfie at a ski resort in Lesotho.

Finally, allow a moment to consider one of those pauses in humanity’s march: a boy drenching himself in a public fountain in a heat wave-stricken Vilnius, Lithuania, reveling in the water and the sun and the simple act of just being. Even in the middle of a year of chaos on an uneasy planet, moments of tranquility manage to peek through.

— By Ted Anthony, AP National Writer

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENTAP-Week in Pictures: Global / Dec. 3-9, 2022

Dec. 3-9, 2022

From Argentine soccer fans gathered in Buenos Aires watching their team beat the Netherlands 4-3 in a World Cup quarterfinal penalty shootout, to Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer welcoming Sen. Raphael Warnock, D-Ga., to the U.S. Capitol after Warnock defeated Republican challenger Herschel Walker in a runoff election in Georgia, this photo gallery highlights some of the most compelling images from around the world made or published by The Associated Press in the past week.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

The selection was curated by AP photo editor Anita Baca in Mexico City.

Follow AP visual journalism:

Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/apnews

AP Images on Twitter: http://twitter.com/AP_Images

AP Images blog: http://apimagesblog.com/AP PHOTOS: World Cup highlights from Day 20

Highlights from the 20th day of the World Cup in Qatar on Tuesday.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsAP Year in Pictures: A vibrant Latin America and Caribbean

The best images taken in 2022 by Associated Press photographers in Latin America and the Caribbean revealed the reality of migration, poverty and violence, but they also showcased the region’s intense, vibrant and colorful daily life.

Latin American countries faced growing inequality as a result of the post-pandemic global economic crisis, aggravated by the effects of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine .

Weather took its toll, with heavy rains overflowing rivers and unleashing mudslides that buried lives and homes in Venezuela and Ecuador.

There was no respite from violence in Rio de Janeiro’s favelas , where poor residents are often caught in fighting between criminals and police. In Haiti, protests are a near-daily occurrence amid a never-ending political crisis and a growing terror from fighting among rival gangs . In El Salvador, the government cracked down while seeking to control street gangs.

Thousands of families pushed by the economic crisis or the violence crossed the jungles, deserts and rivers of the continent, usually hoping to find opportunity in the U.S. Fifty-one of them lost their dreams and lives when they were abandoned inside a packed tractor-trailer in Texas .

ADVERTISEMENT

Citizen anger flared in Argentina in March, then Chile, Bolivia and Mexico in September and Haiti in October. With poverty rising, leftists won presidential elections in Colombia and Brazil. Instability gripped Peru after lawmakers ousted the president when he tried to dissolve Congress before an impeachment vote.

Still, amid the troubles, color, joy and traditions remained a part of life in the region.

People wore yellow flowers to honor lost loved ones in the traditional observance of the Day of the Dead in Mexico . The “ king and queen of Cavalcante ” were crowned in rural Brazil celebrating Our Lady of the Abbey. The procession of Nazarenes from Zipaquirá brought a solemn beauty in Colombia.

Newlyweds welcomed the dawn standing before the moai statues on Rapa Nui, as Chile’s Easter Island is also known. Feminists cheered International Women’s Day in Uruguay. Two women beamed after being married in Cuba under the island’s new family code .

And for many in the region, the year closed with raucous good celebrations over Argentina’s World Cup victory over France, including millions who filled the streets of Buenos Aires to welcome the national team home.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENTAP PHOTOS: Images of war in Ukraine from cutting-room floor

Editor’s Note: This story contains graphic images from the war in Ukraine.

Photographers covering the war in Ukraine have shown the world its calamitous toll over and over: an injured pregnant woman carried away on a stretcher, a father saying goodbye to his fleeing wife and child through a train window, dozens of people sheltering under a damaged bridge.

There are thousands of heartbreaking images, however, the public has never seen.

Digital technology has made it easier than ever to take more photos and distribute them in an instant, forcing news organizations to be even choosier about what gets published. Photographers in Ukraine might shoot as many frames in a week as they would have in an entire year of another war in Europe, the one in Bosnia.

Some photos are discarded because the composition is off or the focus isn’t clear. But many powerful images never reach an audience simply because, with deadlines looming, another was chosen instead.

This is a selection of photos that The Associated Press didn’t publish when they were taken. Months later, the photographers have revisited their work and picked out frames that they think deserve to be seen.

NEW FOCUS

Emilio Morenatti’s image of a well-heeled woman weeping as Kyiv was bombarded the day after Russia’s invasion drove home how the war had upended the lives of millions of Ukrainians.

Morenatti says it was the first time he fully grasped the danger that civilians would face in the conflict.

“This woman — she’s in shock like I am in shock,” he said.

In the photo that was published on Feb. 25, 2022, the woman is overcome with emotion. In the new one, she is almost begging. Morenatti, though, still feels the first photo he sent was the right one to capture the immediate chaos.

“This woman — she’s in shock like I am in shock.” Emilio Morenatti

Many images that don’t get published show the moment before — or after — the one that did get beamed around the world. At the remove of a few months and without the urgency of breaking news, some photographers reconsidered their decisions.

Natacha Pisarenko initially selected an image of a boy running through a field of flowers, past a bombed-out building. Now, she has chosen one where the boy pauses. One represents how children sometimes seem oblivious to the horrors around them. The other implies they are very much trying to take them in.

“I don’t like this idea that we get used to things so quickly,” she said.

Several photographers unearthed images on their hard drives that focused on different people from those they had initially highlighted. Evgeniy Maloletka chose one in which he trained his focus on the doctors — rather than their patient — who are forced to dole out care in a hospital hallway, so crowded were the wards.

“I don’t like this idea that we get used to things so quickly.” Natacha Pisarenko

On the day he followed volunteers helping people flee their homes, David Goldman chose a photo of an elderly man being lifted from his bed. But now he has come across one in which the distress of the man’s wife commands attention.

“What caught me about her expression is she’s almost pleading with the outside world,” he said.

“What caught me about her expression is she's almost pleading with the outside world.” David Goldman

ZOOMING IN/ZOOMING OUT

Photojournalists strive to choose images that clearly encapsulate what they have witnessed.

When Rodrigo Abd entered Bucha, days after Ukrainian forces retook the Kyiv suburb and discovered bodies scattered in the streets, he knew his primary task was to convey the scale of the killings under Russian occupation. One of his photos that was published showed a mound of bodies.

ADVERTISEMENT

Months later, Bucha has become a byword for the horrors of this war, and he saw an opportunity to zoom in to tell a more personal story. A close-up of a hand evokes for him the suffering of the person who was killed.

Many of the photos in this selection are graphic — and photographers documenting war are constantly forced to grapple with how gruesome their images can and should be. They do not want to sanitize the horrors they’re seeing, but they know that an overly grisly photo may be counterproductive.

“Sometimes you think if you send something too strong, the readers will not look,” said Bernat Armangué.

He remembers thinking that a photo of a woman crying over her dead husband felt too raw on the day. But months later, he was grateful to be able to share the couple’s story again.

Sometimes pulling the lens back is the best way to aid understanding.

“Sometimes you think if you send something too strong, the readers will not look.” Bernat Armangué

Morenatti’s photo showing people fleeing was taken with a long lens — a tool he generally shies away from because he prefers to capture people’s expressions. In hindsight, he realized the image still telegraphs their desperation. He imagines all the things they could not carry with them.

MOMENTS MISSED

In the race to get images published, sometimes photographers miss what they have.

When they return to their photos, “all of a sudden you notice things that were blocked by the emotional state you were in when you were shooting,” Vadim Ghirda said.

Felipe Dana initially sent other, wider shots of a scene of a wounded woman in Kharkiv. Returning to his images, he noticed for the first time that she was on the phone in one photo, a detail that highlighted the emotion of the moment. The tighter framing also underscored the anguish in her expression.

SOMETHING HORRIBLE

Ghirda has taken lots of photos of death and destruction — but he always aims to “show people horrible situations without standard horrible details.” An image of people fleeing Kyiv captured a moment that Ghirda says was one of the most affecting of the war for him.

“I always try to show people horrible situations without standard horrible details.” Vadim Ghirda

The use of motion blur conveys the urgency: The platform for the train to Lviv, in Ukraine’s west and safer than the capital, changed moments before departure, and people panicked as they rushed to get to the new platform.

TOO SENSITIVE

Some photos were initially held back by the photographers for ethical or security considerations: to avoid revealing a checkpoint’s location or a wounded soldier’s identity.

“Real war differs from what we see in movies, it’s a million times more horrific.” Efrem Lukatsky

During the first months of the war, Efrem Lukatsky found himself shocked by the “wild senseless cruelty” unfolding before him, much of it perpetrated by Russian soldiers. The horrors documented in his images from the time made him fear for his family in Ukraine, and he worried that the photos might distress the relatives of their subjects.

Now, Lukatsky feels he can’t hold them back any longer.

“Real war differs from what we see in movies, it’s a million times more horrific,” he said.

___

Follow AP’s coverage of the war at https://apnews.com/hub/russia-ukraine

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENTAP-Week in Pictures: Global / Dec. 24-30, 2022

Dec. 24-30, 2022

From children flying high in a carousel at a Christmas Market in Moscow’s Red Square, to a snorkeler swimming alongside sandbar sharks in the Mediterranean Sea near a power plant off the coast of Hadera, Israel, this photo gallery highlights some of the most compelling images from around the world made or published by The Associated Press in the past week.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

The selection was curated by AP photo editor Anita Baca in Mexico City.

Follow AP visual journalism:

Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/apnews

AP Images on Twitter: http://twitter.com/AP_Images

AP Images blog: http://apimagesblog.com/AP PHOTOS: Morocco's World Cup success stirs national pride

RABAT, Morocco (AP) — Many soccer fans around the world have been surprised by Morocco’s success at the World Cup in Qatar, where it became the first African and Arab country to make it to the semifinals of the tournament.

But the North African country has long had a deep passion for soccer. Young boys can be seen playing the game on the streets or on dusty fields, from the snowy foothills of the Atlas Mountains to the medina of Marrakech.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

Local club teams such as Casablanca’s Wydad AC, Raja CA and Rabat’s AS FAR have die-hard fans known for vibrant chants and colorful choreographies.

Morocco coach Walid Regragui has become a national hero following the team’s impressive World Cup run. Before taking over the national team, he led Wydad AC to victory in this year’s African Champion’s League.

Full Coverage: Photography

Morocco’s 1-0 victory over Portugal in the World Cup quarterfinals on Saturday sparked nationwide celebreations, with car horns sounding through the night in Casablanca, and residents thronging the streets of the capital, Rabat. Morocco next faces defending World Cup champion France on Wednesday in the semifinals.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsAP PHOTOS: World Cup highlights from Day 23

Highlights from the 23rd day of the World Cup in Qatar on Saturday.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsBehind the Lens: On migration paths in Latin America

Associated Press photographers talk about their 2022 assignments, and share some of the stories behind the images.

___

THE PLACE: Darien Gap, on the border of Colombia and Panama

THE STORY: Tracking the path of migration

THE PHOTOGRAPHER: Fernando Vergara

___

ON WHO HE ENCOUNTERED:

The first time we were in the Darien Gap, we were covering the migration crisis of Haitians who arrived in Colombia from different countries in South America with hopes of reaching the United States. That time we could only get as far as the point where the area’s smugglers would let us film.

This year, we saw a video on social media of Venezuelans showing hundreds of them starting their trip through the Darien Gap. During our weekly meeting at the Colombia office, we proposed to return and make the crossing through the jungle. We wanted to go much deeper into the jungle than we had with the Haitians.

We were really surprised by the number of children. Some couples had up to three kids, all of them very young. Many even had children who were under 12 months. Most of the adults were the parents who, when they had to cross a river, put them on their shoulders or carried them in their arms, protecting them from the current.

ADVERTISEMENT

___

There are so many memories from that trip. There was a young Venezuelan about 21 years old, with a large build of about 120 kilos (265 lbs.) who told us he wanted to learn photography in the United States. He wanted to get to the U.S. so badly that he walked much faster than his friends, who were thinner. The thing most etched in my mind is that migrants take too many things on the journey and must leave them behind. They throw away jackets, shoes, pants, mats, blankets, etc.

I remember an Ecuadorian family who were going through one of the most complicated sections of the trek and the little girl fell into the mud. Her father was able to hold her arm and told her to get up. The girl could hardly support herself.

This time we walked for 12 hours total, from the time we left Acandi to the Darien Gap and then returning late that night. The journey is very hard physically because you spend a lot of time crossing the river. When you leave the river, you encounter very steep, muddy slopes. The humidity and temperature of the jungle wear you down and trying to protect cameras is another energy taker. Your clothes are wet all day and your supplies get heavier and heavier.

Full Coverage: Photography

The first time we went with Haitian migrants it was very difficult because when you take a photo of them, they cover their faces. According to their beliefs, photos steal their souls. With the Venezuelan migrants it was easier because they like social media and are willing to appear in photos. About seventy percent of them allowed us to film them. They had a very positive attitude. They wanted to get as fast as possible to Panama, the second country they must pass through. As soon as they had a cell signal, Venezuelan migrants published their own journeys through the Darien.

ADVERTISEMENT

ON HOW THEY NAVIGATED THE TERRAIN:

Through my colleague Marko Alvarez we had a contact at the Acandi municipal press office who connected us with those in charge of passing migrants through the Darien Gap. The area is controlled by members of a highly organized group who call themselves “guides.” They have an extensive area where migrants can camp before starting their trek. There, they charge them in dollars to help them cross the Darien Gap. They charge for everything they offer. If they want them to carry their luggage, that has a price; if they want help carrying their children, that has another price. There are also several resting stations in the jungle where migrants are sold food and drinks but at a super-high price in dollars.

ON WHAT HE LEARNED:

I learned a lot from this experience. Like buying hermetic bags to protect all the equipment: cameras, lenses, cards, chargers. I learned that rubber boots are not a good choice for the jungle because they stick in the mud. Leather boots are better. Also, one must stay very well hydrated to resist the area’s severe weather. And no matter how much you protect your equipment, it will get wet and covered with mud. At times they stop working and you must take a break and wait for the cameras to work again. Patience and keeping your walking pace allow you to carry on.

ADVERTISEMENT

— Translated from Spanish by Leslie MazochAP PHOTOS: World Cup highlights from Day 18

Highlights from the 18th day of the World Cup in Qatar on Friday.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsAP PHOTOS: World Cup highlights from Day 13

Highlights from the 13th day of the World Cup in Qatar on Friday.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsAP PHOTOS: Costumes, cowbells herald Spanish winter ritual

SILIÓ, Spain (AP) — The clanging of cowbells at daybreak in a remote Spanish village represented the restoration of the cosmic order as an ancient winter festival returned from a pandemic-induced hiatus.

The men of Silió, a village of some 500 inhabitants in northern Spain’s Cantabria region, again dressed in homemade costumes and recreated the ritual slaughtering of a bear for the La Vijanera festival, whose origins date back to the Middle Ages.

Before the coronavirus caused the event’s cancellation for two years, the festival was banned during the 20th century dictatorship of Spanish leader Francisco Franco, a fervent Catholic whose regime suppressed pagan traditions.

A group of local residents restored the tradition in the early 1980s after Spain’s return to democracy.

The festival now is held on the first Sunday of the year, unless New Year’s Day falls on a Sunday, as it did this year, in which case it is postponed until Jan. 8. Festivities kick off with the launching of a rocket at 6:00 a.m.

Full Coverage: Photography

ADVERTISEMENT

Over half of the 150 or so participants in the ritual are “zamarracos,” men wearing conical hats and a sheepskin and carrying four heavy cowbells draped over their bodies. Their clanging is supposed to scare away evil spirits, which are symbolized in the figure of the bear. One person dresses as the bear, and the festival concludes when the zamarracos surround the beast and “stab” it with spears.

Others dress up as other characters, including a knight, an elderly couple, and slightly ghoulish beings covered in natural materials like hay, fern leaves, or corn cobs.

There are also “moss men” like César Rodriguez, 41, who has taken part in the event since he was 9 years old. He is a member of the Friends of Vijanera Association, which organizes the Silió festival and is committed to keeping it alive.

“It is an inheritance from our grandparents, the essence of belonging to a community,” Rodríguez said. “It’s like going back to our roots, to honor our ancestors even more in a century like we are living in.”

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP writer Joseph Wilson contributed from Barcelona, Spain.PRINCETON, N.J. (AP) — Nobel laureate Toni Morrison is now forever immortalized on a stamp honoring the prolific writer, editor, scholar and mentor that was unveiled Tuesday morning in a tribute at Princeton University, where she taught for almost two decades.

Guest speakers, some who had close personal relationships with Morrison and spoke over Zoom, included former President Barack Obama, Michelle Obama and Oprah Winfrey, as well as the Librarian of Congress, Carla Hayden.

The monthslong series of events are paying tribute to Morrison, who died in 2019 at age 88 . The tribute opened with a recording of Morrison’s voice playing in the auditorium, reciting a passage on Harlem from her 1992 novel “Jazz”: “Nobody says it’s pretty here; nobody says it’s easy either. What it is is decisive, and if you pay attention to the street plans, all laid out, the City can’t hurt you.”

Later, an all-Black acapella group sang the popular hymn “Lift Every Voice and Sing,” which is known as the Black national anthem.

ADVERTISEMENT

The dedication was made by Michael Cadden, a longtime Princeton lecturer who co-taught courses with Morrison, and formerly served as chair of the Lewis Center of the Arts.

Cadden introduced Pritha Mehra, the chief information officer and executive vice president of the United States Postal Service, who said that the postal service is proud to commemorate Morrison.

“Our new stamp will be seen by millions, and forever remind us of the power of her words and the ideas she brought to the world,” Mehra said.

Photographer Deborah Feingold, whose portrait of Morrison taken for Time magazine’s Jan. 19, 1998 cover appears on the stamp, also spoke at the event.

Morrison’s son, Ford Harrison, and his family were also in attendance Tuesday.

“Anyone who was lucky enough to meet (Morrrison), knows that she was just as captivating in person as she was on the page,” said Ruha Benjamin, a professor of African American studies who read a letter written by the Obamas. “We hope that this postage stamp would make her smile, that she would love the idea of helping us connect through writing once again,” she said.

“Toni may no longer be with us, but we know that her words will endure — challenging our conscience and calling us to greater empathy,” Benjamin said.

ADVERTISEMENT

In 1993, Morrison became the first Black woman to win the Nobel Prize for Literature.

Winfrey talked about starting her book club in 1996 with Morrison’s novel from the same year “Song of Solomon” in mind. “Over the years, I selected four of Toni Morrison’s books to read as a community more than any other author,” she said Tuesday in a pre-recorded video.

Winfrey has recalled that when Morrison made her first appearance on “The Oprah Show,” she talked about raising her boys as a single mother and left many in the audience moved. “I shared with her that, ‘Ms. Morrison, sometimes your books are challenging and difficult for some people to read.’ And she said, ‘Well think about how difficult they are to write,’” Winfrey said.

“But difficult or not, what she was able to do through her words (is) bring people from all over the country and the world together in an entirely new experience,” Winfrey continued.

ADVERTISEMENT

In addition to the events this month, an exhibition exploring Morrison’s creative process will be held at the university library through June 4. Drawn from her archives, the exhibit features more than 100 pieces, some of which have never been seen — including manuscripts, correspondence with other Black women, photographs and hand-drawn maps she created while working on her acclaimed 1987 novel “Beloved.” The exhibit also features some of the only existing drafts of “Song of Solomon,” as well as various unfinished projects.

Later this month, there’ll be a three-day symposium with author Edwidge Danticat giving the keynote address; in April, Grammy-winning vocalist Cécile McLorin Salvant will perform.

Princeton’s President Christopher Eisgruber stressed that Morrison’s legacy will continue to be an inspiration for the university, its community and most importantly, Black artists and artist of color.

“She was a writer of rare genius, brilliant originality and genuinely historic importance,” Eisgruber said.AP PHOTOS: 'Imperfect' models in Italy redefine beauty

ROME (AP) — A project on Instagram to highlight ordinary women and their imperfections has transformed into a modeling agency that aims to redefine notions of beauty in Italy.

The Imperfetta (Imperfect) modeling agency, started in 2020 by Carlotta Giancane, has a casting book full of models who defy the industry’s pre-established standards of beauty. They are of all sizes and ages, spanning the gender spectrum, some with disabilities or medical conditions like alopecia or vitiligo, visible scarring or who have lost limbs.

Such agencies have existed elsewhere in Europe and the United States. This is the first in Italy.

Sonia Spartá is one of the models. A 28-year-old from Sicily, she has heard adults whisper to children that she was from the circus when they saw the dark spots on her face and body, the result of a form of hyperpigmentation. While she once tried to conceal her condition, she now is conscious of her beauty.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I changed things so that my weakness, or how I perceived a weakness, became my source of strength, my distinctiveness.” she said.

During a recent photo shoot in Rome, models of all shapes posed in underwear, wrapped in sheer organza.

“I feel like a revolutionary because I realize that around me all this did not exist before L’Imperfetta,” Giancane said. “It feels like a revolution, a battle to fight hard, because there are so many difficulties.”

The agency counts more than 140 models. They are both in Italy and abroad, but it is focusing its work in Italy “because this is where we want to change things,” Giancane said. Her models have appeared in advertising campaigns for cosmetic brands, fashion retailers and supermarkets. Much of the work is in online advertisements, but there have also been calls for models in television commercials. Two have appeared on the Milan fashion runway for designer Marco Rambaldi.

ADVERTISEMENT

Lucia Della Ratta, a university student in Rome, hid her albinism for most of her life, coloring her pale hair darker shades and using tanning lotions on her skin. Under the pandemic lockdown, she let her natural hair color grow out and began posting photos on Instagram.

“I felt beautiful for the first time,” Della Ratta, said during a break in the photo shoot. The shift still brings tears to her eyes, which she brushes away. “I felt it was my essence, as though it is me, as I really am.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Desireé D’Angelo has had alopecia since she was 10 years old. At school she wore a hat to hide the baldness, but bullying classmates would yank it off. At age 15, a dance teacher persuaded her to accept her condition and stop hiding it.

Since then, she has become a successful dancer, performer and model.

“I like my body, I like my peculiarity. In the end, I have accepted it,” she said.AP-Week in Pictures: Global / Dec. 17-23, 2022

From a winter traditions parade to ward off evil in Bucharest, Romania, to children studying by candlelight in Harare, Zimbabwe, whose residents are coping with widespread power outages and the world’s highest food inflation, this photo gallery highlights some of the most compelling images from around the world made or published by The Associated Press in the past week.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

The selection was curated by AP photo editor Anita Baca in Mexico City.

Follow AP visual journalism:

Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/apnews

AP Images on Twitter: http://twitter.com/AP_Images

AP Images blog: http://apimagesblog.com/AP Week in Pictures: Global / Feb. 11-17, 2023

Feb. 11-17, 2023

From the deadly earthquake in Turkey and Syria, the ongoing Russian war on Ukraine and the grief following a U.S. university school shooting, to the start of the Carnival season and an alligator wrestler, this photo gallery highlights some of the most compelling images from around the world made or published by The Associated Press in the past week.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

The selection was curated by AP photo editor Leslie Mazoch in Mexico City.

Follow AP visual journalism:

Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/apnews/

AP Images on Twitter: https://twitter.com/AP_Images

AP Images blog: https://apimagesblog.comAP-Week in Pictures: Global / Dec. 31, 2022 to Jan. 6. 2023

Dec. 31, 2022 to Jan. 6. 2023

From New Year’s Eve celebrations in New York’s Times Square, to Palestinians inspecting the site of a house demolished by the Israeli army in the West Bank village of Kafr Dan, to the body of late Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI lying out in state inside St. Peter’s Basilica at the Vatican, this photo gallery highlights some of the most compelling images from around the world made or published by The Associated Press in the past week.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

The selection was curated by AP photo editor Subramoney Iyer in New Delhi.

Follow AP visual journalism:

Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/apnews

AP Images on Twitter: http://twitter.com/AP_Images

AP Images blog: http://apimagesblog.com/AP PHOTOS: World Cup highlights from Day 14

Highlights from the 14th day of the World Cup in Qatar on Saturday.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsAP Week in Pictures: Latin America and Caribbean

March 3-9, 2023

This photo gallery highlights some of the most compelling images made or published by Associated Press photographers in Latin America and the Caribbean. It was curated by AP photo editor Anita Baca in Mexico City.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

Follow AP visual journalism:

Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/apnews

AP Images on Twitter: http://twitter.com/AP_Images

AP Images blog: http://apimagesblog.comAP PHOTOS: World Cup highlights from Day 6

Highlights from the sixth day of the World Cup in Qatar on Friday.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsCricket flourishes among Qatar World Cup migrant laborers

DOHA, Qatar (AP) — As dawn broke Friday in Qatar, the laborers who built this energy-rich country’s World Cup soccer stadiums, roads and subway filled empty stretches of asphalt and sandlots to play the sport closest to their hearts — cricket.

The sport that spread across the reaches of the former British empire remains a favorite of the South Asian laborers who power economies across the Arabian Peninsula.

It’s a moment of respite for workers, who typically just have Friday off in Qatar and much of the rest of the Gulf Arab nations. And it’s one they look forward to all week, batting and bowling before the heat of the day fully takes hold.

“It’s in our blood,” said laborer Kesavan Pakkirisamy as he coached his team at one sandlot, the skyline of Doha visible in the distance. “We’ve played cricket since a long time. It’s a happy journey for us.”

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

Laborer rights have been a focus of this World Cup since Qatar won the bid for the tournament back in 2010. Workers can face long hours, extortion and low pay. Qatar has overhauled its labor laws to put in a minimum wage and untie visas from employers, though activists have urged more to be done.

On Fridays, however, laborers control their day. Just down the road from the global headquarters of Qatar’s satellite news network Al Jazeera, workers gathered in a parking lot and another large desert expanse wedged between roads.

Some appeared nervous when Associated Press journalists stopped by their matches, with several asking if they’d be in trouble for playing cricket in vacant lots in his autocratic nation. Others, however, smiled and invited visitors to watch.

ADVERTISEMENT

Hary R., an Indian from the southern state of Kerala, showed a reporter the mobile phone app he used to keep track of runs and overs. While Friday’s match was a friendly, there are tournaments organized among the Indian and Sri Lankan communities in Qatar to vie for supremacy.

“We are working throughout the week and we need to just get relaxed and meet our friends just for time pass and entertainment,” he said. His teammates on the Strikers, some of whom wore matching uniforms, shouted at him to keep track of the game.

Pakkirisamy, who shouted encouragement near two discarded couches used by players as a bench, praised his company for helping his colleagues take part in wider competitions.

Full Coverage: Photography

“From my father and my grandfather, they have been playing in cricket since since a childhood age,” he said, describing a lifelong love of the game.

ADVERTISEMENT

Pakkirisamy and his teammates, while lovers of cricket, still were excited about the World Cup being in Qatar.

“We are here for work, we are here for earning something for our family,” he said, adding that being in Qatar means, “It’s easy for us to be there, to see the game on ground, not only the TV.”

Cricket, with its lush green grass pitches, may seem like an anomaly in the deserts of the Arabian Peninsula. However, the need for migrant labor has seen Gulf Arab nations draw cricket-playing workers to their shores for decades.

ADVERTISEMENT

The United Arab Emirates has a cricket team that qualified for the International Cricket Council’s T20 World Cup in Australia last month.

Dubai in the UAE is even home to the ICC’s headquarters and has hosted major cricket events, including the Indian Premier League, the Pakistan Super League and the T20 championships.

But for laborers in the region, any empty patch of ground can be turned into a pitch.

“You can you can be in any road. You can be in any place,” Pakkirisamy said. “Any small place, you can play cricket.”

___

Follow Jon Gambrell on Twitter at www.twitter.com/jongambrellAP.AP PHOTOS: In Ukraine, searing images capture a year of war

Russia’s invasion of Ukraine a year ago brought death, destruction and hardship to the country, and awakened fears of a new Cold War.

The Feb. 24 attack resulted in more than 8 million Ukrainians fleeing their country in what was the greatest exodus of refugees Europe has witnessed since World War II.

Moscow’s war machine has bombarded civilian infrastructure. Missiles, rockets and artillery shells have indiscriminately hit homes, hospitals and other public buildings, killing and wounding thousands.

In some areas, the ruins of apartment buildings and crumbled bridges are now the prominent features of Ukraine’s new war-ravaged landscape. Bodies lie in the streets, in gardens, in houses. Fire-gutted cars and armored vehicles dot the roads.

In Bucha, northwest of Kyiv, where hundreds of civilians were found dead after a Russian withdrawal from the city last March, Ukrainian officials allege atrocities. Some corpses had their hands tied. Mass graves have been found.

In Mariupol, attacks on hospitals, schools, residential areas and other civilian structures and sites protected under international humanitarian law became the norm.

Ukrainians are often confined for hours in makeshift bomb shelters. Many have been in dire need of food and other aid.

Russian attacks on the power supply during winter left many without heat and running water.

At funerals for soldiers, civilians and children, Ukraine’s yellow-and-blue flag is a familiar sight.

Associated Press photographers were there. This is a selection of their work.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENTIn Norway, sled dogs train and play in warming Arctic

BOLTERDALEN, Norway (AP) — Out of the dark, frozen vastness in this Arctic valley, a chorus of barks and howls trumpeted the return of Green Dog’s oldest puppies from a dogsledding training run through the polar night on Tuesday afternoon.

Karina Bernlow and her husband, Martin Munck, run the outfit Green Dog, which has nearly 300 dogs in three yards. It’s located half a dozen miles from the main village in Svalbard, a Norwegian archipelago so close to the North Pole that winter is shrouded in uninterrupted darkness.

The working dogs, younger puppies and new litters played in the lashing winds that shifted thigh-high snowdrifts. This mix of husky and Greenland dog — a breed known for taller legs, big paws and thick fur — is especially social and thrives in the cold, Bernlow said. They don’t even fear the rare occasion when a polar bear ambles past the yards.

What hurts them is when this lunar landscape turns unusually warm, which is happening more often as much of the Arctic heats up several times faster than the rest of the world .

ADVERTISEMENT

Last summer, a few dogsledding tours had to be canceled so the dogs wouldn’t overheat. One of the tours leads to an ice cave and Bernlow, who’s been here for more than a decade, said they’re watching it disappear year after year.

“What we can do is teach our children to take care of the planet,” said Bernlow, the mother of four children.

As she walked by them, the newly returned dogs strained their chains to reach out to be petted and puppies rushed to watch from their enclosure.

ADVERTISEMENT

___

Associated Press climate and environmental coverage receives support from several private foundations. See more about AP’s climate initiative here . The AP is solely responsible for all content.AP PHOTOS: Bear costumes, dance at popular Romanian festival

COMANESTI, Romania (AP) — Centuries ago, people in what is now northeastern Romania would don bear fur and dance to fend off evil spirits. Nowadays, the custom lives on as a popular festival that has been drawing crowds of tourists.

The so-called ‘dancing bears festival’ takes place every December, starting in the days before Christmas and ending with New Year’s Eve.

Hundreds of bear-costumed people of all ages roam villages and towns while dancing to the deafening sound of drums. The festival has done wonders for local tourism but has triggered criticism from animal rights groups over the use of real bear skins.

Locals say that the custom dates back to the pre-Christianity era when it was believed that wild animals guarded people from misfortune or danger. Dancing bears, therefore, went to people’s homes and knocked on their doors for luck and a happy new year.

Brown bears are widely present in Romania’s tradition and culture, and often can be seen by mountain roads and in forests. Excessive bear hunting prompted the authorities to issue a ban in 2016, except when the numbers grow too big or in case of illness.

Full Coverage: Photography

ADVERTISEMENT

The festival highlight falls on Dec. 30, when hundreds of bear-clad people — some 30 bands from all over the region — descend on the regional center of Comanesti for the finale of the street festivities.

Residents are happy that the tradition has lived on since many people left the region in 1990s looking for jobs in Western Europe after the fall of Communism.

Visitors come from as far away as Japan for the sight: rows and rows of gaping jaws and claws marching and dancing. Giant, red pom-pom decorations are added to the furs to give them the look of a marching band.

ADVERTISEMENT

Some of the ‘bears’ jokingly growl or mock an attack on onlookers. More festival-goers, wearing glittering drummers’ costumes or tweaked Communist-era military outfits, also routinely join in.

Wearing a full-sized bear fur isn’t easy — with both the head and claws included, the fur could weigh up to 50 kilograms (110 pounds). And, the price might exceed 2,000 euros ($2,100), according to local media.

Animal rights groups have expressed concern that the festival fuels bear hunting for costumes. Participants defend the event, saying that most of the furs have been preserved for generations and treated with great care.

Another local tradition in Romania, the forcing taming of bears in captivity to dance for audiences, was curbed decades ago to halt animal abuse.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENTAP-Week in Pictures: Global / Jan. 21-27, 2023

Jan. 21-27, 2023

From an abortion rights demonstrator and an anti-abortion demonstrator facing off in front of the Supreme Court in Washington, to people of Chinese descent in Asia celebrating the lunar New Year of the Rabbit, to a boy standing amid dead fish on the shore of the Salado River in Argentina, this photo gallery highlights some of the most compelling images from around the world made or published by The Associated Press in the past week.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

The selection was curated by AP photo editor Subramoney Iyer in New Delhi.

Follow AP visual journalism:

Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/apnews/

AP Images on Twitter: https://twitter.com/AP_Images

AP Images blog: https://apimagesblog.comAP PHOTOS: World Cup highlights from Day 11

Highlights from the 11th day of the World Cup in Qatar on Wednesday.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsIn liberated Ukraine city, civilians still pay price of war

IZIUM, Ukraine (AP) — In this war-scarred city in Ukraine’s northeast, residents scrutinize every step for land mines. Behind closed doors, survivors wait in agony for the bodies of loved ones to be identified. The hunt for collaborators of the not-so-long ago Russian occupation poisons tightly-knit communities.

This is life in Izium, a city on the Donets River in the Kharkiv region that was retaken by Ukrainian forces in September, but still suffers the legacy of six months of Russian occupation .`

The brutality of the Russian invasion

Ukrainian civilians were tortured, disappeared and were arbitrarily detained. Mass graves with hundreds of bodies have been discovered and entire neighborhoods were destroyed in the fighting.

Izium is a gruesome reminder of the human cost of the war. Six months after it was liberated, residents say they continue to pay the price.

ADVERTISEMENT

Large red signs warning “MINES” rest against a tree between a church and the city’s main hospital, which is still functioning despite heavy Russian bombardment.

In this city, everyone has a mine story: Either they stepped on one and lost a limb or know someone who did. The mines are discovered daily, concealed along riverbanks, on roads, in fields, on the tops of roofs, in trees.

Of particular concern are anti-infantry high-explosive mines, known as petal mines. Small and inconspicuous, they are widespread in the city. Human Rights Watch has documented that Moscow has used at least eight types of anti-personnel mines, prohibited by the Geneva Conventions, throughout eastern Ukraine.

In a January report, the rights monitor also called on Kyiv to investigate the Ukrainian military’s apparent use of thousands of banned petal mines in Izium.

“No one can say now the total percentage of territory in Kharkiv that is mined,” said Oleksandr Filchakov, the region’s chief prosecutor. “We are finding them everywhere.”

Most residents are careful, keeping to known paths. But even then, they are not safe.

“We have an average of one person a week with wounds” from mines, Dr. Yurii Kuzentsov said. “I don’t know when I will ever go to the river or the forest again, even if our lives are restored, because, as a medical professional, I have seen the consequences.”

ADVERTISEMENT

One patient stepped on mines twice: First in June when he lost part of his heel and the second time in October when he lost the entire foot.

Most of Kuzentsov’s patients said they had been cautious.

“They were sure this would never happen to them,” he said.

Oleksandr Rabenko, 66, stepped on a petal mine 200 meters from his house while walking down a familiar path to the river to fetch water.

His son, Eduard, had de-mined a narrow path with a shovel. Rabenko had walked down it several times, up until Dec. 4, when he lost his right foot while clearing some sticks.

“I still don’t know how it got there, maybe it was the snow melting, or the river carried it,” he said. “I thought it was safe.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Rabenko still feels excruciating pain from the foot that is no longer there.

“The doctor said it will take months for my brain to grasp what happened,” he said.

Halyna Zhyharova, 71, knows exactly what happened to her family of eight.

A bomb struck her son Oleksandr’s home last March, killing 52 people sheltering inside the basement. They included eight of Zhyharova’s relatives — her son and his entire family, including two daughters.

Seven relatives’ bodies were exhumed in September in a severe state of decay. It took months to identify them, she said. Now she is waiting for just one more identification — of her granddaughter.

Of the 451 bodies exhumed in Izium, including nearly 440 found in mass graves, 125 have still not been identified, said Serhii Bolvinov, the head of the Investigations Department of Kharkiv’s National Police.

Some are so decomposed it’s difficult to extract a DNA sample, he said. Other times, authorities are unable to find a DNA match among relatives. The painstaking work can take months.

ADVERTISEMENT

Zhyharova hopes her granddaughter’s remains will be identified soon so she can finally lay her family to rest.

“I’ll bury them, put gravestones,” she said. “After that, what to do? Live on.”

The scale of destruction in Izium, with a prewar population of 50,000, is breathtaking. Ukrainian officials estimate 70% to 80% of residential buildings were destroyed. Many bear black scorch marks, punctured roofs and have boarded-up windows.

Slowly, residents are returning, horrified to discover their homes uninhabitable or their possessions stolen. They seethe with anger, knowing the Russian advance into Izium was made possible by the help of local collaborators who supported Moscow.

“There were cases in the beginning of the war when collaborators led Russian armed forces units through secret routes and led them to the flanks and rears of our units,” said Brig. Gen. Dmytro Krasylnykov, commander of the joint forces in the Kharkiv region. “This happened in Izium.”

ADVERTISEMENT

“Many of our soldiers died because of this, and we were forced to leave Izium for a while, and now we see what the city has turned into,” he said.

In the village of Kamyanka near Izium, every house bears the scars of war. Twenty families have returned and many have directed their venom at Vasily Hrushka, the one who remained. He has become the village pariah.

“They say I was a collaborator, a traitor,” the 65-year-old said. “I did nothing wrong.”

Hrushka says he stayed in the village while Russians overtook it, because he didn’t want to abandon his cows and three calves, fearing they would die in his absence. He sent his family away and took refuge in the cellar.

Russian soldiers knocked on the door, asked him if any Ukrainian servicemen lived in the house. When he replied no, they sprayed the place with bullets just to make sure.

Later, they came by with an offering of canned food. He gave them milk. Once they asked him if he had any alcohol.

Residents saw this as a sign of treason. They asked why he didn’t do more to help Ukrainian forces by finding a way to give away Russian positions. But Hrushka said there was no way to do that — the Russian soldiers destroyed his phone lines.

“I was living in madness,” he said, “I did what I did to survive.”

He was called in for questioning by the SBU, Ukraine’s security service. They said they heard rumors he was living the life of a chief in Kamyanka.

“I was the chief only of my own home,” he told them. They let him go.

In November, his fortunes took another turn.

Foraging for firewood as temperatures dropped, he stepped on a petal mine and lost his left foot.

___

Follow the AP’s coverage of the war at https://apnews.com/hub/russia-ukraineAP Week in Pictures: Global / Feb. 4-10, 2023

Feb. 4-10, 2023

From Brandi Carlile happily embracing her three Grammy Awards in Los Angeles, to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy giving the peace sign in Parliament at London’s Westminster Hall, to the death and destruction following a catastrophic earthquake in Turkey and Syria, this photo gallery highlights some of the most compelling images from around the world made or published by The Associated Press in the past week.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

The selection was curated by AP photo editor Pamela Hassell in New York.

Follow AP visual journalism:

Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/apnews/

AP Images on Twitter: https://twitter.com/AP_Images

AP Images blog: https://apimagesblog.comWar, anger cloud Ukrainian athletes' path to Paris Olympics

KYIV, Ukraine (AP) — Ukrainian diver Stanislav Oliferchyk proudly bears the name of his late grandfather, who died in brutalized Mariupol . Russia’s troops turned the Ukrainian port city into a killing zone in the process of capturing it. The elder Stanislav could no longer get the cancer treatment he needed in the ruins , his grandson says. He was 74 when he died last October.

Another victim of the months-long Russian siege of Mariupol was its gleaming aquatic center. Oliferchyk had planned to use the refurbished sports complex as his training base for the 2024 Paris Olympics . But it was bombed the same day last March as the city’s drama theater. The theater airstrike was the single deadliest known attack against civilians to date in the year-old Russian invasion . An Associated Press investigation determined that close to 600 people died.

So it takes no leap of the imagination to understand why Mariupol-born Oliferchyk is horrified by the idea that he and other war-traumatized Ukrainian athletes might have to put their anger and consciences aside and compete against counterparts from Russia and ally Belarus at next year’s Olympics.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I’m angry most of the time. I just can’t stand it anymore when shelling happens,” said the 26-year-old Oliferchyk, a European champion in 3-meter mixed synchronized diving in 2019 . “I want Russia to let us live in peace and stay away from us.”

Defying fury from Ukraine and misgivings from other nations, the International Olympic Committee is exploring whether to allow Russians and Belarusians back into international sports and the Paris Games. The IOC says it is mission-bound to promote unity and peace — particularly when war is raging. It also cites United Nations human rights experts who argue , on non-discrimination grounds, that athletes and sports judges from Russia and Belarus shouldn’t be banned simply for the passports they hold.

Full Coverage: 2024 Paris Olympic Games

For Ukrainian athletes setting their sights on Paris, the possibility of sharing Olympic pools, fields and arenas with Russian and Belarusian competitors is so repellent that some say they’d not go if it happens.

Sisters Maryna and Vladyslava Aleksiiva — who won Olympic bronze in artistic swimming’s team competition at the Tokyo Olympics in 2021 — are among those who say they’d have to boycott.

ADVERTISEMENT

“We must,” Maryna said during an Associated Press interview at their training pool in the Ukrainian capital, Kyiv.

Russia is the giant of their sport, previously called synchronized swimming, having won all the gold medals at the past six Olympics.

Completing each other’s sentences, the Ukrainian twins added: “Our moral feelings don’t allow us to stand near ... these people.”

Oliferchyk worries that enmity could spill over if Ukrainians encounter Russians and Belarusians in Paris — a likely scenario given that Olympians will be housed and dine together in accommodation overlooking the River Seine in the city’s northern suburbs.

“Anything can happen, even a fight,” Oliferchyk said. “There simply cannot be any handshakes between us.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Having to train in the midst of war also puts Ukraine’s Olympic hopefuls at a disadvantage. Russian strikes have destroyed training venues. Air raids disrupt training sessions. Athletes have lost family members and friends, or are consumed by worries that they will. Because Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has also closed the country’s airspace, traveling to international competitions has become an arduous odyssey — often of long train rides to neighboring Poland, for onward flights from there.

“Our athletes train while cruise missiles are flying, bombs are flying,” Ukrainian Sports Minister Vadym Guttsait said in an AP interview.

He recalled a meeting he took part in between IOC president Thomas Bach and Ukrainian cyclists given refuge in Swizterland.

“Bach asked one of the cyclists how she was doing,” the minister recounted. “She started crying. He asked why. She said that day they (Russian forces) attacked her city, where her parents were, and she was very nervous.”

ADVERTISEMENT

“This is how every athlete feels about what is happening in Ukraine,” the minister said.

Ukraine’s artistic swim team, including the Aleksiiva sisters, used to train in the Lokomotiv sports center in Kharkiv, the country’s second-largest city. A Russian strike with powerful S-300 missiles wrecked the complex in September, the region’s governor, Oleh Syniehubov, said at the time. He posted photos showing a giant crater and severe damage to the exterior.

Maryna Aleksiiva said they used to think of the sports center as “our second home.” Their substitute pool in Kyiv doesn’t have the same broad depth of water, making it less suitable for practicing their underwater acrobatics, the sisters said. On a recent morning when they spoke to the AP, air raid sirens interrupted their training and they had to get out of the pool and take refuge in a bomb shelter until the all-clear sounded.

The power also flickered briefly off at times. Russia has been systematically bombarding Ukraine’s electricity infrastructure for months. When attacks shut off the pool’s heating, the water gets so cold that the sisters train in full-body wetsuits — far from ideal for their elegant sport.

ADVERTISEMENT

“It’s hard to move,” Vladyslava said.

The terrors of war also take a mental toll.

“Every day we read the news — explosion, explosion, air alert,” Maryna said. “We feel so nervous about our relatives.”

Oliferchyk said he cannot imagine a handshake between Ukrainian and Russian athletes for “the next 50, 100 years.”

The Neptune arena in Mariupol where he wanted to train for Paris was wrecked by a Russian strike last March 16. As with Mariupol’s drama theater also destroyed that day, civilians were sheltering at the sports complex from bombardments. They included pregnant women who moved there after a Russian strike the previous week devastated a city maternity hospital. Video posted on Facebook by the region’s governor showed the Neptune’s shattered front and a gaping hole in its roof.

Full Coverage: Photography

The IOC’s possible pathway out of sports exile for Russians and Belarusians would see them compete as “neutral athletes,” without national flags, colors or anthems.

That idea is a non-starter for Ukraine’s sports minister and athletes who resent that would-be Olympians from Russia and Belarus aren’t taking a stand against the invasion.

“They just do nothing and say nothing. And precisely because of their silence and inaction, all this horror is happening,” Oliferchyk said. “A neutral flag is not an option. It is not possible.”

___

Follow AP’s coverage of the war in Ukraine at https://apnews.com/hub/russia-ukraine and https://apnews.com/hub/russia-ukraine-a-year-of-war

___

More AP coverage of the Paris Olympics: https://apnews.com/hub/2024-paris-olympic-games and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsSpellbinding polar night gets darker in warming Arctic

LONGYEARBYEN, Norway (AP) — At 10:40 a.m. on a day in January, two powerful beams of light from the Svalbard governor’s boat pierced the complete darkness of the mountain-fringed fjord it was sailing. It was carrying the children’s choir from this remote village’s church to visit an even more isolated Arctic outpost.

That’s polar night in this Norwegian archipelago – so close to the North Pole the sun is at least six degrees below the horizon from mid-November through the end of January.

For the miners, scientists and tourism workers of more than 50 nationalities who make up most of Svalbard’s 3,000 inhabitants , it’s challenging at first to adjust to living without even a hint of twilight in a treeless, black-and-white landscape.

“First time in Svalbard, it was like coming to the moon,” said the Rev. Leif Magne Helgesen, who was the pastor of Svalbard Kirke, the only church in the main village of Longyearbyen, for a dozen years until 2019, and has written about its fragile environment.

Then the polar night becomes an opportunity to slow down and appreciate the only glimpses of natural light – the stars, the elusive swirls of the aurora borealis, and the full moon, which circles overhead without setting for a couple of days at a time.

At almost every window, a candle or star-shaped decoration twinkles a sign of welcome. In the pitch black, the headlights of rare passing vehicles and snowmobiles pick out a reindeer’s eyes or the reflective vests and bands every human wears while walking or skiing around.

Most of all, there’s the glow of the snowpack. But that’s changing as the Arctic, and especially this archipelago lapped by warm currents, heats up faster than most of the rest of the world, delaying and reducing snowfall.

This winter in Svalbard, it rained for a few weeks after the polar night started.

“When the dark season comes … we’re used to see northern lights, the moon, stars, and the snow is lighting up. Now it became dark and depressing,” said Espen Rotevatn, the director of Svalbard Folkehøgskole, an alternative school in Longyearbyen. He’s been advocating for local solutions to climate change.

ADVERTISEMENT

As Karina Bernlow’s dogsledding pups happily played in the swirling snow on a mid-January afternoon, she also feared the prospect of warmer seasons.

“A muddy winter, I can’t live in that,” said Bernlow, who runs dogsledding outfit Green Dog with her family in a broad valley outside Longyearbyen.

ADVERTISEMENTSoccer pundit Gary Lineker leaves his home following reports that the BBC is to have a "frank conversation" with the ex-England striker after comments he made on the government's new asylum policy that aims to bar people from seeking asylum if they arrive in the U.K., in London, Thursday March 9, 2023. Lineker drew a mix of praise and criticism for saying some of the government’s language was “not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the '30s.”(James Manning/PA via AP)

Soccer pundit Gary Lineker leaves his home following reports that the BBC is to have a "frank conversation" with the ex-England striker after comments he made on the government's new asylum policy that aims to bar people from seeking asylum if they arrive in the U.K., in London, Thursday March 9, 2023. Lineker drew a mix of praise and criticism for saying some of the government’s language was “not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the '30s.”(James Manning/PA via AP)

Former England captain Gary Lineker was temporarily removed on Friday from his role as presenter of the BBC’s flagship soccer highlights show in the wake of his criticism of the British government’s new asylum policy.

The long-running “Match of the Day” program, which has been a national institution in Britain since the 1960s, will be aired on Saturday “without studio presentation or punditry,” the BBC said in an extraordinary development after a slew of Lineker’s colleagues announced they wouldn’t appear on the show without him.

In a post on Tuesday on his Twitter account that has 8.7 million followers, Lineker — one of England’s greatest soccer players and now among the U.K.’s most influential media figures — compared lawmakers’ language about migrants to that used in Nazi Germany.

The BBC considers Lineker posting such views on social media as a breach of its guidelines. The network said it held discussions with Lineker over his involvement in “Match of the Day,” which is broadcast on Saturday nights and shows highlights of English Premier League games that day.

ADVERTISEMENT

“The BBC has decided that he will step back from presenting ‘Match of the Day,’” the broadcaster said, “until we’ve got an agreed and clear position on his use of social media.

“We have never said that Gary should be an opinion-free zone, or that he can’t have a view on issues that matter to him, but we have said that he should keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies.”

Lineker has yet to make an official comment, though one of his former colleagues on the BBC — Dan Walker — said he had been in contact with Lineker and asked him “whether he is stepping back or whether the BBC have told him to step back.”

Walker said Lineker replied to him that the BBC “told me I have to step back.”

“So Gary Lineker wants to continue to present ‘Match Of The Day’ and is not apologizing for what he has said,” Walker said on Channel 5, where he works, “but he has said it’s a BBC decision to force him to not present the program at the moment.”

In solidarity with Lineker, Alan Shearer and Ian Wright — former England players who work as pundits on “Match of the Day” — said on Twitter they would not be appearing on the program this weekend.

ADVERTISEMENT

After more of his BBC co-workers, like former soccer players Alex Scott, Jermaine Jenas and Micah Richards, said they would not want to work on “Match of the Day” because of the treatment of Lineker, the BBC took the decision to change the format of the show.

“Some of our pundits have said that they don’t wish to appear on the program while we seek to resolve the situation with Gary,” the BBC said.

“We understand their position and we have decided that the program will focus on match action without studio presentation or punditry.”

Conservative lawmakers in Britain have called on the BBC to discipline Lineker, the network’s highest-paid star on 1.35 million pounds ($1.6 million) last year, for saying the government’s plan to detain and deport migrants arriving by boat is “an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s.”

ADVERTISEMENT

The government has called Lineker’s Nazi comparison inappropriate and unacceptable, and some lawmakers said he should be fired.

The 62-year-old Lineker was a household name in Britain well before he became a smooth, knowledgeable presenter of sports shows on the BBC and other broadcasters. He was the leading scorer at the 1986 World Cup and finished his international career with 48 goals in 80 matches for England.

His club career included spells with Barcelona, Tottenham, Everton and Leicester.

The BBC, which is funded by a license fee paid by all households with a television, has a duty to be impartial and news staff are barred from expressing political opinions. As a freelancer who doesn’t work in news or current affairs, Lineker isn’t bound by the same rules and he often delves into politics and human rights issues with his tweets.

ADVERTISEMENT

The BBC’s neutrality has come under recent scrutiny over revelations that its chairman, Richard Sharp — a Conservative Party donor — helped arrange a loan for then Prime Minister Boris Johnson in 2021, weeks before he was appointed to the BBC post on the government’s recommendation.

___

More AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsPHOTOS: The highs and lows of entertainment's 2022 comeback

After keeping the world at arm’s length for roughly two years, the entertainment world could finally get more personal again in 2022.

Fans unfettered from pandemic restrictions flocked to film festivals and concerts to get glimpses of their favorite stars, whether Timothée Chalamet in Italy , Harry Styles in Toronto or Paul McCartney and Kendrick Lamar returning to the stage in triumphant form at the Glastonbury Festival.

Months before her tour broke Ticketmaster , Taylor Swift donned a cap and gown and greeted New York University graduates at Yankee Stadium, receiving a hero’s welcome.

Movies roared back to life: Tom Cruise provided a huge jolt with “Top Gun: Maverick,” complete with a high-flying promotional tour that spanned the globe and got even reluctant moviegoers back in theaters. Jeff Goldblum returned too , this time to the “Jurassic World” franchise that confirmed that yes, movies would find a way. That path often meant a mix of theaters and streaming, as Daniel Radcliffe and “Weird Al” Yankovic showed with their good-natured biopic of the comedian-musician.

ADVERTISEMENT

For all the highlights, there were plenty of darker moments:

Will Smith upended the Oscars by slapping Chris Rock on live television, yielding one of the year’s most indelible images.

Johnny Depp and Amber Heard’s defamation trial provided an unsightly window into their marriage and many ugly moments as rapt television audiences watched.

Jimmy Kimmel, pretending to be unconscious on the Emmys stage, overshadowed a win by beloved “Abbott Elementary” creator and star Quinta Brunson.

But there was plenty else about which to smile, like Steven Spielberg did while walking the Oscars carpet as Rita Moreno and Ariana DeBose – actors linked in Oscars glory for their roles as Anita in wildly differently versions of “West Side Story” – shared a sweet moment on the carpet.

On fashion runways and starry premieres, elegant, vibrant and sometimes whimsical fashion was on display – patches of light after a long stretch of uncertainty and gloom.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENTAP PHOTOS: World Cup highlights from Day 10

Highlights from the 10th day of the World Cup in Qatar on Tuesday.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsAP PHOTOS: Sri Lankans face food crisis amid economic crunch

VAVUNIYA, Sri Lanka (AP) — Rasarathnam Anushiya once had a mission: She awaited orders to blow herself up as a suicide bomber during Sri Lanka’s civil war. Years on, her struggle now is to feed her three children during the country’s unprecedented economic crisis.

Anushiya, 36, was arrested in 2009 when government troops defeated the Tamil Tiger rebels, who had sought to create an independent homeland for minority Tamils. She had been a member of the rebels’ dreaded suicide squad known as the Black Tigers, and spent the next five years under government questioning and later at a rehabilitation camp.

She learned dressmaking in the rehabilitation center but was unable to build a profitable business after her release and relied on her husband’s salary from his job at a finance company as she devoted herself to raising their children.

Her husband, like many people, lost his job as a result of Sri Lanka’s current economic crisis. Families across the nation have been forced to cut back on food and other vital items because of shortages of money and high inflation.

ADVERTISEMENT

For weeks, Anushiya has had to feed her 11-year-old son and 8-year-old daughter only rice and either potato curry or tomato curry. The couple’s 3-month-old baby is still breastfed. While her daughter receives school lunches sponsored by the World Food Program and the Ministry of Education, her son does not because the program only covers children from Grade 1 to 5.

Anushiya also is heavily in debt to micro finance companies and is often hassled by creditors waiting by her home. She can’t afford to pay the rent, and the house owner has asked the family to leave by the end of December.

In another village, Dimbulagala, primary school children receive a free breakfast, a glass of milk and lunch with help from the education ministry, WFP and a private donor agency. Mothers of students prepare the meals at school with a menu provided by the education ministry. Each meal costs $0.27.

School principal Anusha Sirimanne said attendance has improved since the meal program began 20 weeks ago. Before, she said, many children fell asleep during classes and had trouble concentrating, but since the program started, they are more alert and physically active.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Most would not attend school without the feeding program, and eventually the school would have to close,” she said.

S.M. Madushanka Kumara, the father of three children in Dimbulagala, said his family can only eat once or twice a day since he lost his job at a bakery when its owner decided to close it after prices of ingredients sharply increased.

“We can’t think about balanced diets,” said his wife, Malkanthi. “My 12-year-old son cried, saying his head hurt and he was hungry. I had nothing to offer. Today for lunch I gave him rice with okra curry, which I made from two okras I picked in the back yard.”

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENTAP PHOTOS: Snow is a no-show as Europe feels the winter heat

RAMSAU, Austria (AP) — Mild weather has left many regions of Europe that would normally be blanketed in snow at this time of year bare, and winter sports resorts are fearing for the future .

Many are using snow machines to make artificial pistes, leaving thin white lines snaking through otherwise green and brown landscapes.

In the Swiss village of Adelboden, organizers of Saturday’s ski World Cup race grappled with above-freezing temperatures to ensure athletes could compete in the popular event while spectators basked in the blazing sunshine.

Experts say this season’s lack of snow offers a glimpse of winters to come , as global temperatures keep rising due to human-caused climate change .

Full Coverage: Photography

The impact is likely to be felt far beyond the regional tourist industry. Winter snow in European mountains such as the Alps is an important natural water store for parts of a continent that’s already suffering regular droughts the rest of the year.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENTAP PHOTOS: Archery tradition thrives in northeast India

SHILLONG, India (AP) — Thirty archers armed with bamboo bows and arrows sit on a platform awaiting instruction. Then they take aim at a straw cylinder 60 feet away. They each have 34 arrows to shoot in four minutes. They release one arrow after another, their movements languid and practiced. The next round of the competition soon follows, when the archers must shoot 24 arrows in three minutes.

Full Coverage: Photography

The ancient skill of archery thrives in Shillong, the capital of the northeastern Indian state of Meghalaya. Every day, behind a row of liquor shops and next to a motor garage, this event is held except on Sundays and state holidays.

Archery is part of the traditional rites of Indigenous people in Meghalaya with folk tales of its origins told for generations. The rules of the event are set by the Khasi Hills Archery Sports Institute. Khasis, with the Jaintias and the Garos, are the Indigenous people of the state.

Matias Jyrwa, 58, used to watch the event with his father at the same venue since he was 11 years old. He is a proficient archer and has taught his sons to keep the tradition going. “Not many young ones are interested, especially from the city. But in villages, it is still popular and that’s where most archers come from,” said Jyrwa, who is also the general secretary of the archery institute.

In villages across the state, a more traditional form of archery is practiced. The archers have to hit a much smaller target mounted on a stick and a form of poetry called “phawar” — four lines composed on the spot — is used to rattle opponents.

But it is the curious marriage of this traditional event with the business of betting, called “Teer,” that helps keep the tradition alive.

Dozens of small kiosks, often put together with recycled iron sheets and wood, dot the capital city known for its swanky cafes, soccer and a popular live music scene. At these kiosks, one can bet small amounts of money by predicting the last two digits of the archery results and get the money multiplied several times if the guesses turn out to be correct. Since the money bet is small, the lure of a reward is strong and the counters see good traffic throughout the day.

The last two digits of the results are displayed immediately after the event ends and bettors and kiosk managers watch the event live on YouTube.

ADVERTISEMENT

The local Khasi name for the betting is “tim,” derived from the English word team. When the British occupied India and had a strong presence in Shillong, the betting was done on polo teams, but locals have since adapted the idea to bet on archery results.

According to local legend, the most successful betters are guided by their dreams when choosing the right, or lucky, numbers to bet on. But some have adopted more modern means to help a better decide on a number. Bantei, a young man at one of the kiosks, offers an app on his smartphone for customers to use to help find their lucky numbers and place bets.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENTIt’s almost Oscars time. Here’s everything you need to know

From a stage streaker and Jennifer Lawrence's stumble to Will Smith's slap, here are five of the most unforgettable Oscars moments.

From a stage streaker and Jennifer Lawrence's stumble to Will Smith's slap, here are five of the most unforgettable Oscars moments.

NEW YORK (AP) — Hollywood is gearing up for the 95th Academy Awards, where “Everything Everywhere All at Once” comes in the lead nominee and the film industry will hope to move past “the slap” of last year’s ceremony. Here’s everything you need to know about the 2023 Oscars, including when they are, where to watch the live show and this year’s controversies.

___

WHEN ARE THE OSCARS?

The Oscars will be held Sunday, March 12, at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. The ceremony is set to begin at 8 p.m. EDT and be broadcast live on ABC.

CAN YOU STREAM THE OSCARS?

The broadcast can be streamed with a subscription to Hulu Live TV, YouTubeTV, AT&T TV and Fubo TV. Some of these services offer brief free trials. You can also stream the show on ABC.com and on the ABC app by authenticating your provider.

WHO’S HOSTING?

Jimmy Kimmel will host for the third time and his first time since 2018. That was also the last Oscars to feature a solo host. The show went hostless for several years after Kimmel’s last outing. Last year, Regina Hall, Amy Schumer and Wanda Sykes hosted as a trio. In an ad for this year’s show styled after “Top Gun: Maverick,” Kimmel made his humble case for being the right person for the job while noting that he can’t get slapped because “I cry a lot.”

ADVERTISEMENT

WHAT’S NOMINATED FOR BEST PICTURE AT THE 2023 OSCARS?

The 10 movies competing for best picture are: “All Quiet on the Western Front,” “Avatar: The Way of Water,” “The Banshees of Inisherin,” “Elvis,” “Everything Everywhere All at Once,” “The Fabelmans,” “Tár,” “Top Gun: Maverick,” “Triangle of Sadness,” “Women Talking.” Here’s a guide to how you can watch them.

WHO’S PRESENTING?

Presenters include: Halle Bailey, Antonio Banderas, Elizabeth Banks, Jessica Chastain, John Cho, Andrew Garfield, Hugh Grant, Danai Gurira, Salma Hayek Pinault, Nicole Kidman, Florence Pugh and Sigourney Weaver. They join a previously announced group including: Riz Ahmed, Emily Blunt, Glenn Close, Jennifer Connelly, Ariana DeBose, Samuel L. Jackson, Dwayne Johnson, Michael B. Jordan, Troy Kotsur, Jonathan Majors, Melissa McCarthy, Janelle Monáe, Deepika Padukone, Questlove, Zoe Saldaña and Donnie Yen. A third wave was announced Thursday: Halle Berry, Paul Dano, Cara Delevingne, Harrison Ford, Kate Hudson, Mindy Kaling, Eva Longoria, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Andie MacDowell, Elizabeth Olsen, Pedro Pascal and John Travolta.

ADVERTISEMENT

WHAT ELSE IS IN STORE FOR THE SHOW?

The Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences has said that winners to all categories will be announced live on the show. (Last year, some categories were taped in a pre-show, something that caused an uproar among academy members.) All signs point to a full slate of musical performances, with Rihanna performing “Lift Me Up” from “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever” and Rahul Sipligunj and Kaala Bhairava singing Chandrabose and M.M. Keeravaani’s “Naatu Naatu” from “RRR.” Nominee Lady Gaga, on the other hand, will not sing “Hold My Hand,” from “Top Gun: Maverick,” during the show. On Monday, show producers announced that Lenny Kravitz will deliver the “In Memoriam” performance.

ADVERTISEMENT

WHO ARE THE FAVORITES?

Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert’s indie sci-fi hit “Everything Everywhere All at Once” comes in with a leading 11 nominations. Close on its heels, though, is the Irish friends-falling-out dark comedy “The Banshees of Inisherin,” with nine nods, a total matched by Netflix’s WWI film “All Quiet on the Western Front.” Michelle Yeoh (“Everything Everywhere All at Once”) may have a slight edge on Cate Blanchett (“Tár”) for best actress. Best actor is harder to call, with Brendan Fraser (“The Whale”) and Austin Butler (“Elvis”) in the mix. In the supporting categories, Angela Bassett (“Black Panther: Wakanda Forever”) and Ke Huy Quan (“Everything Everywhere All at Once”) are the frontrunners, though Jamie Lee Curtis’ Screen Actors Guild Awards win may have thrown a wrench into the supporting actress category. Steven Spielberg (“The Fabelmans”) may win his third best director Oscar, though the Daniels may have emerged as the frontrunners. AP Film Writers Lindsey Bahr and Jake Coyle are predicting a big haul for “Everything Everywhere All at Once.”

WHAT’S BEEN CONTROVERSIAL THIS YEAR?

Aside from the usual snubs and surprises, this year’s biggest to-do has been the debate surrounding Andrea Riseborough’s unexpected nomination for best actress. Riseborough was nominated for the little-seen, Texas-set drama “To Leslie” after many A-list stars rallied around her performance. When two other best-actress contenders — Danielle Deadwyler (“Till”) and Viola Davis (“Woman King”) — were snubbed, some saw that as a reflection of racial bias in the film industry . The academy launched an inquiry into the star-studded, grassroots campaign for Riseborough but found no reason to rescind her nomination.

WHAT ELSE SHOULD YOU LOOK FOR?

Just the reading of the title to one of this year’s short film nominees should prompt a wave of giggles. John Williams (“The Fabelmans”), up for best score, is the oldest nominee ever, at 90 years old. After historic back-to-back best-director wins by Chloé Zhao (“Nomadland”) and Jane Campion (“The Power of the Dog”) , no women were nominated this year for best director. Also don’t expect to see Will Smith at the Oscars anytime soon. After striking Chris Rock at last year’s ceremony, Smith was banned by the film academy from attending for 10 years . In a live Netflix special on Saturday, Rock finally punched back at Smith with a blistering stand-up set about the incident.

___

For more on this year’s Oscars, visit: https://apnews.com/hub/academy-awardsAP PHOTOS: Spectacular eruption of world's largest volcano

HILO, Hawaii (AP) — The lava from the world’s largest volcano is so hot and bright that the sky has turned orange. At night, throngs of people have been gathering to witness nature’s spectacular light show in Hawaii.

Some spectators left an offering of flowers on the black lava that had poured from Mauna Loa in earlier eruptions. Pele, the Hawaiian volcano deity, is revered by many Hawaiians.

Mauna Loa , which last erupted 38 years ago, is one of five volcanoes that together make up the Big Island of Hawaii. A series of earthquakes in November signaled that it was becoming active again, and on Sunday it belched ash and debris into the sky.

Since then, lava has gushed from a fissure, rolled down the slopes in glowing rivers and threatened a key road that connects eastern and western Hawaii. The bright orange lava can be seen for miles. Local residents and visitors have flocked to the Saddle Road highway and to Volcanoes National Park to witness the spectacle .

ADVERTISEMENT

The road cuts through fields of black lava from earlier eruptions, a reminder that the islands of Hawaii are a string of volcanoes sitting on the Ring of Fire, characterized by active volcanoes and frequent earthquakes.

Lauren Kish, a hospice nurse from the nearby town of Waimea, brought her 7-month-old daughter Mayla to see the eruption at dawn Wednesday.

“She wanted to see Pele,” Kish said. “She wanted to meet her.”

In 2018, Kish saw nearby Kilauea volcano erupt. Both eruptions brought the same feeling of being awestruck by the force of nature.

“You feel like a movement of energy in the whole island and everyone is excited about it,” she said.

Spectators have been taking selfies and group photos, using the dramatic backdrop provided by Mother Nature.

ADVERTISEMENT

Officials were initially concerned that the lava would head toward the community of South Kona, but instead it migrated to a rift zone which scientists said doesn’t threaten communities.

Ken Hon, scientist in charge at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory, said the lava has “slowed considerably” and is 3.3 miles (5.3 kilometers) south of the highway. At that rate, it would be at least a week before it reaches the highway.

“We don’t really know which way the lava flow will ultimately go.”

ADVERTISEMENT

___

Selsky reported from Salem, Oregon.Behind the Lens: Israel's separation barrier

Associated Press photographers talk about their 2022 assignments, and share some of the stories behind the images.

___

THE PLACE: West Bank

THE STORY: Israel’s separation barrier, 20 years on

THE PHOTOGRAPHER: Oded Balilty

___

ON CAPTURING DAILY LIFE AT AND NEAR THE SEPARATION BARRIER:

I was not looking for the conflict. I was not looking for this shocking moment that we usually have in the protests against the wall. Every Friday we have clashes next to the wall. I chose not to go to these places. I chose to show: How does it feel on a daily basis? And I think it’s more effective. I was trying to show life next to the wall but not necessarily what is happening because of the wall. The wall is just there. It’s there as effect. The wall doesn’t affect the situation in the photo. It’s not that people are climbing on the wall or trying to break it or that there is a gap they’re trying to go through. It’s markets, it’s people crossing into Israel, it’s trees that grow on the sidewalk. You need to find the right balance between to show that the wall is there and show the life that’s happening around it.

Full Coverage: Photography

ON MAKING CHOICES AS A PHOTOGRAPHER NOW VS. YEARS AGO:

When you’re young, you want to be next to the action — next to where things are happening. The main difference between today and 20 years ago, when I was shooting the same topic is that when I started, I followed the events. I followed the situation. And today, instead, I’m choosing what to show. There is a big difference as a photographer between being invited somewhere to shoot something that someone else is doing, and going somewhere where nothing is really happening and creating something and showing it in your own way.

ON MAINTAINING A SENSE OF CURIOSITY IN HIS PHOTOS:

It’s important to give facts and to follow the facts. But I like to be a little bit more open-ended. I think readers like it even more. They can read it with some question marks sometimes. Sometimes I like to give more question marks than answers. Because I think those are the images that that attract the attention of the reader the most.

ADVERTISEMENT

When someone is looking at a photo, and he’s asking himself “What’s happening here?”, as long as he says once to himself the word “why” or “what” or “how,” he’s taking himself deeper into the story. So I always like to include, in some stories, one or two photos where not everything is clear — to create this feeling of mystery. To drag you in. And that’s important in the editing and the in the way I like to shoot. I like this like hide-and-seek kind of thing in the photography. And especially with the story of the wall, the hide and seek, it’s a big part of that story. You will always want to see what is happening on the other side. There are a lot of hidden parts behind the wall in the photos. So this mystery is always there.

ADVERTISEMENT

ON THE WALL AND ITS PRESENCE:

That’s the main feeling that I wanted to have in the story — that it’s here. It’s part of the life. It’s part of the landscape. People are getting used to it. I think that today the wall is more of a mental obstacle for Palestinians than actual physical obstacle. Because it’s not really difficult to cross the wall. They do it every day — walkers going through gaps in the walls. Car thieves that steal cars from Israel into the West Bank. That the wall itself, it’s there and it’s put boundaries in place. But I think after 20 years of it being there that it’s more mental barrier than physical.

— Interview by Leslie MazochAP PHOTOS: Qatar bustles with traditional and tourist stops

DOHA, Qatar (AP) — The winding cobbled alleys of Souq Waqif create a labyrinthine bazaar stuffed with dozens of small stores hawking spices and perfumes, scented oils, silk scarves, shimmering crystal chandeliers and glittering jewelry.

The Qatari capital’s oldest souq also features shisha lounges, antique stores, art galleries, restaurants and a stop where shoppers can have a falcon — the national bird of this small Arab country jutting out into the Persian Gulf — sit on their arm.

Qatar was once a dust-blown pearling port transformed into an ultra-modern hub following its 1990s natural gas boom, when expatriates, Western consultants and engineers, and low-paid South Asian construction workers and cleaners poured into the country.

The 1.2 million visitors expected during the World Cup in energy-rich Qatar can sample the daily life of the 350,000 residents through a variety of tourist attractions and everyday activities.

ADVERTISEMENT

The beaches have golden sand and shallow, warm turquoise waters. Qatar has over 560 kilometers (348 miles) of coastline and Al Maroona is the most popular beach.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

Want to get on the water? Take a cruise on the Arabian Gulf in a dhow, an integral part of Qatari culture and, before the oil era, the traditional boats were used for pearl diving, fishing and transporting goods. The dhows are a daily visual of Qatar’s centuries-old maritime heritage.

Take a casual stroll down the Doha Corniche, a seven-kilometer (more than four-mile) crescent walkway around Doha Bay that stretches from the pyramid-shaped Sheraton Hotel at the northern end to the Museum of Islamic Art at the south. In between are restaurants, clubs, parks and cultural attractions along the promenade overlooking the waterfront.

Full Coverage: Photography

Don’t have World Cup match tickets? Big screens have been erected and soccer fans can often be found crowded around the televisions catching a game.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsSANTA CRUZ, Calif. (AP) — More than 9,000 California residents were under evacuation orders Friday as a new atmospheric river brought heavy rain, thunderstorms and strong winds, swelling rivers and creeks and flooding several major highways and small rural communities.

In Santa Cruz County, a creek bloated by rain destroyed a portion of Main Street in Soquel, a town of 10,000 people, isolating several neighborhoods. Crews were working to remove trees and other debris and find a way for people to cross the creek, county officials said .

County authorities asked the town’s residents to stay indoors. Heather Wingfield, a teacher who runs a small urban farm with her husband in Soquel, said she and her neighbors were, for the time being, trapped in their homes as Bates Creek rushed through what was once Main Street.

“It’s horrible,” she said. “Hopefully no one has a medical emergency.”

Wingfield said her neighbors’ water infrastructure was also washed out, but that her family’s well would keep them with running water. She said the floods so far weren’t impacting their farm, where families in the neighborhood pick pumpkins, squash and sunflowers every summer.

Wingfield said living near Soquel Creek has meant being aware there might be floods, but “never did I imagine it would wash out a culvert.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Evacuations were ordered in nearby Watsonville where creek water spilled over and filled roadways with several feet of water, threatening dozens of homes with flooding. At one home, chickens inside a backyard coop perched on a bar near the roof to avoid the water.

In central California, the Tule River overflowed its banks and flooded several homes. Videos posted on social media showed a handful of homes and cars under a few feet of water and at least one road washed out by the rushing river in Springville, a Tulare County town of about 1,000 people in the foothills of the southern Sierra Nevada.

Evacuation orders were ordered for other areas of the county, including parts of the small community of Cutler because of a levee break and areas of Exeter because a creek overflowed its banks.

There were also flash floods in Kernville, another foothill town in Kern County. Officials said there were no injuries reported or calls for rescue by Friday afternoon but that the river, known to locals as “Killer Kern,” continued to rise.

Morgan Lynn Searcy, 24, lives near the river and said her neighborhood is under an evacuation warning. She has been keeping an eye on the rising waters in case she and her boyfriend need to leave.

“It was double in size if not triple overnight,” she said.

Several public parks nearby, including the Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Parks, were closed to visitors due to the ongoing heavy rain.

In the San Francisco Bay Area, flooding blocked portions of several major highways, including Interstate 580 in Oakland, disrupting travel. And Peet’s Coffee, a California-based chain, reported that after a heavy storm, an investigation is underway to determine the cause of a roof collapse that killed a worker at a distribution center leased by the company in Oakland.

Martin Gonzalez, 57, had worked there for 17 years. Another worker received minor injuries, the company said.

ADVERTISEMENT

The storm marked the state’s 10th atmospheric river of the winter, storms that have brought enormous amounts of rain and snow to the state and helped lessen the drought conditions that had dragged on for three years. State reservoirs that had dipped to strikingly low levels are now well above the average for this time of year, prompting state officials to release water from dams to assist with flood control and make room for even more rain.

State transportation officials said Friday they removed so much snow from the roadways in February that it would be enough to fill the iconic Rose Bowl 100 times.

Democratic Gov. Gavin Newsom has declared emergencies in 34 counties in recent weeks, and the Biden administration approved a presidential disaster declaration for some on Friday morning, a move that will bring more federal assistance into the state.

Emergency officials have warned people to stay off the roads if they can and to carefully heed flash flood warnings.

ADVERTISEMENT

The atmospheric river, known as a “Pineapple Express” because it brought warm subtropical moisture across the Pacific from near Hawaii, was melting lower parts of the huge snowpack built in California’s mountains. Snow levels in the Sierra Nevada, which provides about a third of the state’s water supply, are more than 180% of the April 1 average, when it is historically at its peak.

The snowpack at high elevations is so massive it was expected to be able to absorb the rain, but snow below 4,000 feet (1,219 meters) could start to melt, potentially contributing to flooding, forecasters said.

Lake Oroville — one of the most important reservoirs in the state and home to the nation’s tallest dam — has so much water that officials on Friday opened the dam’s spillways for the first time since April 2019. The reservoir’s water has risen 180 feet (54.8 meters) since Dec. 1. Of the state’s 17 major reservoirs, seven are still below their historical averages this year.

Despite record rainfall in January, Newsom worried it would stop raining and asked state water regulators to temporarily suspend some environmental rules to let the state take more water out of rivers and streams to store for later. But it has rained so much since then that on Thursday regulators rescinded their previous order to allow more water to stay in the rivers.

State water managers were also grappling with the best way to use the storms to help emerge from a severe drought. On Friday, Newsom signed an executive order making it easier for farmers and water agencies to use floodwater to refill underground aquifers. Groundwater provides on average about 41 percent of the state’s supply each year. But many of these underground basins have been overdrawn in recent years.

Forecasters warned that mountain travel could be difficult to impossible during the latest storm. At high elevations, the storm was predicted to dump heavy snow, as much as 8 feet (2.4 meters) over several days.

Yet another atmospheric river is already in the forecast for early next week. State climatologist Michael Anderson said a third appeared to be taking shape over the Pacific and possibly a fourth.

California appeared to be “well on its way to a fourth year of drought” before the early winter series of storms, Anderson said. “We’re in a very different condition now,” he added.

___

Rodriguez reported from San Francisco. Associated Press writers John Antczak in Los Angeles, Adam Beam in Sacramento and Beatrice Dupuy contributed.AP PHOTOS: World Cup highlights from Day 16

Highlights from the 16th day of the World Cup in Qatar on Monday.

Full Coverage: World Cup 2022

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/world-cup and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsAP-Week in Pictures: Global / Feb. 25- March 3, 2023

Feb. 25 - March 3, 2023

From a lone fox on the streets of London, to soldiers enduring the physical pain of war wounds in Ukraine, to the sun setting over a construction site in India, this photo gallery highlights some of the most compelling images from around the world made or published by the Associated Press in the past week. The selection was curated by AP photo editor Tomas Stargardter in Mexico City. Follow AP visual journalism: Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/apnews AP Images on Twitter: http://twitter.com/AP_Images AP Images blog: http://apimagesblog.com/

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENTAP-Week in Pictures: Global / Feb. 18-24, 2023

Feb. 18-24, 2023

From people marking the one-year anniversary of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, to carnival celebrations in Brazil, Spain and Lithuania, this photo gallery highlights some of the most compelling images from around the world made or published by The Associated Press in the past week.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

The selection was curated by AP photo editor Anita Baca in Mexico City.

Follow AP visual journalism:

Instagram:https://www.instagram.com/apnews/

AP Images on Twitter:https://twitter.com/AP_Images

AP Images blog:https://apimagesblog.comAP PHOTOS: Propaganda billboards embodied Russian occupation

KHERSON, Ukraine (AP) — In the liberated city of Kherson, Ukrainians have been tearing down a glaring symbol of occupation -- billboards spreading Russian propaganda.

Throughout the southern city that was under Russian occupation for nearly nine months, the Russians had put up billboards declaring the city part of Russia or promoting important figures from their past.

This is part of a propaganda war that has been waged over Ukraine in tandem with the one being fought on the battlefield. Moscow has tried to spread its version of history and the ongoing war on social networks, but also in the territories of Ukraine under its control.

Some of the billboards in Kherson referred to World War II, but also to the Kremlin-orchestrated referendums that were held in four regions of Ukraine in September as a pretext for their unlawful annexation by Russia.

Kherson is located in one of the four regions, but Russia lost the city and the surrounding region to Ukraine in November in a major and humiliating defeat.

ADVERTISEMENT

The city has since experienced power outages and repeated shelling while evidence of atrocities committed during the occupation have emerged. Ukrainian authorities have evacuated some citizens fearing they won’t be able to cope because of the damage inflicted on the infrastructure.

Amid the hardship and destruction, the Russian propaganda billboards have fueled anger and resentment. Not even renewed Russian shelling stopped community workers from removing the much-despised pro-Russian messages.

One Russia-installed billboard, for example, featured images of children wearing embroidered Ukrainian T-shirts, the traditional Vyshyvanka, with a digitally-added Russian tricolor flag and slogans like “Russia is here forever” or “Kherson is a Russian city.”

Other billboards had the image of Alexander Suvorov, the Russian Empire’s legendary 18th century general, and the caption: “Nature has created only one Russia; it has no rivals.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Before Ukrainian authorities managed to take them down, some Russian billboards were written over with Ukrainian signs, such as the acronym for the Armed Forces of Ukraine.

Gradually, the pro-Russian messages have been replaced by yellow and blue Ukrainian banners with very different lines: “Kherson, hero city” or “Dear, you are free.”

___

Follow AP’s coverage of the War in Ukraine at: https://apnews.com/hub/russia-ukraineAP PHOTOS: Sidecar ambulances help moms give birth in India

Aniruddha Ghosal Aniruddha writes about science and people. aniruddhg1aghosal@ap.org

NARAYANPUR, India (AP) — The motorbike roared as it strained to carry the ambulance sidecar up a steep river bank. The bike’s rear tire whirred in place, kicking up water and mud while the sidecar — a hospital bed on wheels, under a white canvas canopy — lolled dangerously. Two health workers, who had been following on foot, tried pushing it, but it didn’t budge.

Eventually, the three gave up and settled for digging a new path.

After 40 minutes of digging and a push to lift the vehicle from the river bed onto the muddy path, the team was on its way again. The bike ambulance resumed its nine-mile trek across the forest known as Abhujmarh, or “the Unknown Hills,” to reach 23-year-old Phagni Poyam, nine months pregnant in the isolated village of Kodoli.

When the team arrived, Poyam was waiting next to her sleeping 1-year-old boy, Dilesh. Like many babies in Kolodi, Dilesh wasn’t born in a hospital, both because of the distance, and distrust of authorities. But in recent years, Poyam said, she has seen women or their babies dying during childbirth and she doesn’t want to take any chances.

“My baby will be safer,” she said in Gondi, a language spoken by an estimated 13 million members of the Indigenous Gond community.

Motorbike ambulances are helping mothers give birth in Naryanpur district, in central India’s Chhattisgarh state. The heavily forested district is one of India’s most sparsely populated, with about 139,820 inhabitants spread over an area larger than Delaware. Many local villages, like Kodoli, are 16 kilometers (10 miles) or more from motorable roads. The state has one of the highest rates of pregnancy-related deaths for mothers in India, about 1.5 times the national average, with 137 pregnancy-related deaths for mothers per 100,000 births.

While authorities and health workers agree that bike ambulances don’t offer a long-term solution, they are making a difference.

The state’s health system has struggled to reach remote villages. Residents of Kodoli usually walk the 20 kilometers (12 miles) to Orchha, the nearest market town. It takes about two and a half hours. The lack of roads often forces villagers to resort to makeshift palanquins to transport the very sick.

Although the government has been trying to build a road network, road works are often targeted by armed rebels, who’ve been operating in the region for four decades. The rebels say their fight is for the rights of Indigenous communities, who make up 80% of Chhattisgarh state’s population.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

Bike ambulances were first deployed in Narayanpur in 2014. Today, there are 13 bike ambulances operating in three districts of Chhattisgarh, run by local authorities and a nonprofit called Saathi with the support of UNICEF. The idea stemmed from a similar project in Ghana, said Bhupesh Tiwari of Saathi. The ambulances focus on bringing mothers to and from the hospital, but have also been called to transport victims of snake bites and other emergencies.

Since 2014, the number of babies born in hospitals in Narayanpur district has doubled to a yearly average of about 162 births each year, from just 76 in 2014. The bike ambulances have helped nearly 3,000 mothers and their babies in the 99 scattered villages of Narayanpur district.

Once Poyam and her son were safely aboard, the motorbike ambulance retraced its route back to Orccha, taking Poyam to an early referral center close to the hospital where expectant mothers can stay under observation and see doctors. Mother and son had to disembark a few times while the motorbike ambulance negotiated a tricky slope or a rocky river bed. Sometimes, the driver, Sukhram Vadde, 24, had to lift large stones that threatened to jam under the carriage.

By the time they reached Orccha, it was dark. Lata Netam, the health worker in charge of the center, had called ahead when they left from Poyam’s village to ensure dinner was ready. One-year-old Dilesh gurgled happily, playing with others who work there, while Netam answered questions from Poyam: “What will the doctor ask me? Do I need documents? Can my husband come to visit me?”

“We are from here. We know these villages. We want mothers to feel like they have not left home,” she said.

Trust in hospitals and modern medicine is growing. In the villages, there are mothers who speak glowingly of the hospital. In the weekly market at Orccha, where hundreds gather from far-flung villages to buy basics or to attend the keenly contested cockfighting tournament, government health workers are busy screening people for diseases like diabetes and malaria.

Blood tests revealed that Poyam’s iron levels were dangerously low, likely because of a poor diet. This can lead to complications, like excessive bleeding while giving birth, so doctors prescribed supplements to help her.

Dilesh also tested positive for malaria. He immediately was hospitalized and treated for the virus, which kills thousands of children every year.

Dilesh has since returned to the village to stay with his father. Regular meals, boosted by supplements, have raised Poyam’s iron levels and she’s put on 9 pounds.

And a little after 2 a.m. on Wednesday, she gave birth to a healthy baby boy.

___

The Associated Press Health and Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute’s Science and Educational Media Group. The AP is solely responsible for all content.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENTAP PHOTOS: Aviator races to photograph all glaciers

VOSS, Norway (AP) — Garrett Fisher is traveling the world in his tiny blue-white “Super Cub” aircraft, on a quest to document every remaining glacier on Earth.

The 41-year-old Fisher does it for a simple reason: “Because I love them.”

But he does it, too, because of weightier things. Because the climate clock is ticking, and the planet’s glaciers are melting. Because Fisher is convinced documenting, archiving, remembering, all of this serves a purpose.

“In 100 or 200 years, most of them will be gone or severely curtailed,” Fisher says. “It is the front line of climate change … the first indication that we’re losing something.”

ADVERTISEMENT

So, he’s building an archive of his glacier photography and he aims his efforts squarely at posterity. He believes any documentation he makes before their demise could be invaluable to future generations.

He has launched a glacier initiative, a not-for-profit to support and showcase his work, and he plans to open his archive to the public for research – some now, the rest when he is gone.

Read the full story: – As climate clock ticks, aviator races to photograph glaciers

ADVERTISEMENT

Many glaciers are remote and hard to reach or document – forcing Fisher to navigate dangerous environments. Why risk it?

He’s chasing the perfect image; one so beautiful it can make people and policymakers act. And if it isn’t one image, then maybe an entire archive convinces people to come, to look, to get close, to pay attention.

“We can live without them. We will live without them,” Fisher says. “However, it hurts us to lose them.”

Everything disappears. But not yet. There is still time, and Garrett Fisher has an airplane and a camera and is not turning away.

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT