ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) — Patrick Gardner had 18 points in Marist’s 69-57 win over Saint Peter’s on Friday in the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Tournament semifinals.

The Red Foxes, the No. 11 seed into the tournament, will face top-seeded Iona in Saturday’s championship game.

Gardner also contributed 11 rebounds for the Red Foxes (10-19). Javon Cooley added 10 points while shooting 2 for 7 (2 for 5 from 3-point range) and 4 of 4 from the free throw line, and he also had six rebounds. Noah Harris finished 1 of 3 from 3-point range and 7 for 11 from the line to finish with 10 points.

Jaylen Murray finished with 14 points for the Peacocks (12-17). Mouhamed Sow added 10 points, eight rebounds and two blocks for Saint Peter’s. Jayden Saddler also had eight points.

Marist took the lead with 19:44 remaining in the first half and did not give it up. Gardner led their team in scoring with eight points in the first half to help put them up 41-20 at the break. Marist was outscored by Saint Peter’s in the second half by nine points, with Gardner scoring a team-high 10 points in the final half.

___

The Associated Press created this story using technology provided by Data Skrive and data from Sportradar .FILE - Georgia Tech head coach Josh Pastner communicates with players during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game against Clemson Tuesday, Jan. 24, 2023, in Clemson, S.C. Pastner was fired Friday, March 10, 2023, as Georgia Tech's basketball coach, two seasons after he guided the Yellow Jackets to a surprising Atlantic Coast Conference tournament title. (AP Photo/Sean Rayford, File0

FILE - Georgia Tech head coach Josh Pastner communicates with players during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game against Clemson Tuesday, Jan. 24, 2023, in Clemson, S.C. Pastner was fired Friday, March 10, 2023, as Georgia Tech's basketball coach, two seasons after he guided the Yellow Jackets to a surprising Atlantic Coast Conference tournament title. (AP Photo/Sean Rayford, File0

ATLANTA (AP) — Josh Pastner was fired Friday as Georgia Tech’s basketball coach, two seasons after he guided the Yellow Jackets to a surprising Atlantic Coast Conference Tournament title.

Pastner was dumped after seven seasons at the school in midtown Atlanta, his fate sealed by a second straight losing season and few signs of progress in a program that was once a national powerhouse.

The Yellow Jackets capped a 15-18 campaign Wednesday with an 89-81 loss to Pittsburgh in the second round of the ACC Tournament. They finished 12-20 last season.

“We have high expectations at Georgia Tech for all of our sports programs, and it is imperative that our storied men’s basketball program achieves a greater level of success,” athletic director J Batt said.

“Our men’s basketball program is important to our department and to our institution. We will not shy away from expecting to consistently compete for ACC championships, NCAA Tournament appearances and sustained success.”

ADVERTISEMENT

The 45-year-old Pastner didn’t come close to reaching that standard. His record at Georgia Tech was 109-114, including a 53-78 mark in the ACC. He formerly coached at Memphis , where he spent seven seasons after replacing John Calipari.

Pastner’s lone NCAA appearance at Georgia Tech was one-and-done. The Yellow Jackets followed up their ACC title with a loss to Loyola in the Round of 64 during the pandemic-marred 2020-21 season.

Georgia Tech hasn’t won an NCAA Tournament game since 2010, a sharp drop for a program that rose to prominence in the 1980s and ’90s under Bobby Cremins and reached the 2005 national championship with Paul Hewitt as coach.

Anthony Wilkins, who has been on Georgia Tech’s staff since 2018, will serve as the interim coach while the school conducts a search for Pastner’s successor.

Early speculation has centered on Kennesaw State coach Amir Abdur-Rahim , who guided the Owls to the first NCAA Tournament berth in school history after they won a single game during his debut season in 2019-20.

Abdur-Rahim spent one year as Georgia Tech’s director of player development for former coach Brian Gregory and also worked one year at Georgia under Tom Crean, helping the Bulldogs land eventual first overall NBA draft pick Anthony Edwards.

ADVERTISEMENT

Pastner, who came to Georgia Tech from Memphis with a reputation as a stellar recruiter, never lived up to that billing in Atlanta. The Yellow Jackets were rarely in the mix for the nation’s top high school prospects, and the lack of five-star talent showed in the record.

Pastner managed only three winning seasons records during his Georgia Tech tenure, which was highlighted by a 17-9 mark and a run to the ACC title with an experienced group led by Moses Wright and Jose Alvarado.

But the Yellow Jackets failed to build on that success, dropping off sharply the last two seasons.

After his final loss, Pastner made a plea to keep his job.

“I love Georgia Tech. I love my job. I have a real passion for it, and I believe in it,” he said.

But Batt, who has only been on the job since October, decided to make the school’s second high-profile coaching change in the last six months.

ADVERTISEMENT

Batt was hired after Georgia Tech dismissed coach Geoff Collins and athletic director Todd Stansbury early in Collins’ fourth season guiding the football program.

Collins posted a dismal 10-28 record before he was replaced on an interim basis by Brent Key, who led the Yellow Jackets to a 4-4 mark over the remainder of the 2022 season.

Key was eventually hired as the full-time coach.

Collins was entitled to a buyout of more than $11 million, which put a strain on the athletic department’s already tenuous finances.

Now, the Yellow Jackets owe Pastner some $2.5 million over the remaining three years of a contract extension he received from Stansbury after the ACC title run.

Pastner was just 31 when he took over at Memphis in 2009, after Calipari left for Kentucky.

The Tigers kept right on winning, going 130-44 with four NCAA Tournament appearances over Pastner’s first five seasons.

But the program dipped his final two years, posting a 37-29 mark while failing to make the NCAAs. After Georgia Tech fired Gregory in 2016, Pastner jumped at the chance to rebuild the program.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Look, I would tell you that when I got the job, they told me when I came in, and I met with everybody, that it’s going to be ... starting from ground zero,” Pastner said this week. “And they said you’re going to lose so much your first three or four years that you’re going to — we’ve got to have someone that’s going to be ultra-positive because you’re going to lose so much.”

Pastner always remained positive. But he didn’t win nearly enough to keep his job.

Georgia Tech slumped last season, going 5-15 in the ACC, and got off to dismal start in conference play this season, dropping 12 of its first 13 league contests — including a nine-game losing streak.

Pastner’s team rallied late in the year. The Yellow Jackets won six of their final eight regular-season games, though that was only good enough for a 6-14 mark in the ACC.

ADVERTISEMENT

Then, they knocked off Florida State 61-60 in the opening round of the conference tournament.

In the end, Pastner couldn’t overcome a significant drop in attendance and a tenure that was marred by NCAA sanctions linked to a former friend who was accused of recruiting violations.

Georgia Tech accepted a postseason ban in 2020, when the season shut down anyway because of COVID-19, and some of its sanctions were overturned on appeal.

“We’ve really finished really well this year,” Pastner said. “I wish we started better.” ___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25Las Vegas Raiders head coach Josh McDaniels speaks during a press conference at the NFL football scouting combine in Indianapolis, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 2023. (AP Photo/Michael Conroy)

Las Vegas Raiders head coach Josh McDaniels speaks during a press conference at the NFL football scouting combine in Indianapolis, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 2023. (AP Photo/Michael Conroy)

LAS VEGAS (AP) — Offensive tackle Brandon Parker and tight end Jesper Horsted re-signed with the Las Vegas Raiders on Friday.

Parker has started 32 games and played in 54 over five seasons for the Raiders, who drafted him in the third round in 2018. Horsted caught three passes for 19 yards last season and made four special teams tackles.

___

AP NFL: https://apnews.com/hub/NFL and https://twitter.com/AP_NFLFILE - Patrick McEnroe speaks during a news conference at the U.S. Open tennis tournament in New York, Sept. 3, 2014. Former player and current TV analyst Patrick McEnroe will be the new president of the International Tennis Hall of Fame, and USTA Foundation chief executive Dan Faber was chosen as the Hall's new CEO. The Hall announced the appointments on Thursday, March 9, 2023, and said McEnroe and Faber will begin their roles on May 1. (AP Photo/John Minchillo, File)

FILE - Patrick McEnroe speaks during a news conference at the U.S. Open tennis tournament in New York, Sept. 3, 2014. Former player and current TV analyst Patrick McEnroe will be the new president of the International Tennis Hall of Fame, and USTA Foundation chief executive Dan Faber was chosen as the Hall's new CEO. The Hall announced the appointments on Thursday, March 9, 2023, and said McEnroe and Faber will begin their roles on May 1. (AP Photo/John Minchillo, File)

NEWPORT, R.I. (AP) — Former player and current TV analyst Patrick McEnroe will be the new president of the International Tennis Hall of Fame, and USTA Foundation chief executive Dan Faber was chosen as the Hall’s new CEO.

The Hall announced the appointments on Thursday and said McEnroe and Faber will begin their roles on May 1.

Todd Martin resigned as CEO of the International Tennis Hall of Fame in October after nearly a decade in the post.

McEnroe, younger brother of John McEnroe, won the 1989 French Open men’s doubles title and was a singles semifinalist at the 1991 Australian Open. He was the U.S. Davis Cup captain from 2000-10, winning the title in 2007, and the head of player development for the U.S. Tennis Association from 2008-14.

Faber increased the USTA Foundation’s revenues by $14 million in a decade there.

Former world No. 1 and 2017 inductee Kim Clijsters was named the Hall’s honorary president, an ambassadorial role, in August.

___

AP tennis: https://apnews.com/hub/tennis and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsCLEVELAND (AP) — Miryne Thomas scored 24 points and Sincere Carry added 21 as Kent State beat rival Akron 79-73 in the semifinals of the Mid-American Conference tournament Friday night to set up a matchup against top-seeded Toledo.

The second-seeded Golden Flashes (27-6) are back in the title game for the second year in row. They haven’t won the championship since 2017. On Saturday, they’ll take on the Rockets (27-6), who have won 17 straight and are trying to make the NCAA Tournament for the first time since 1980.

Toledo beat Ohio 82-75 in the first semifinal. Kent State topped Toledo 75-63 during the regular season.

Enrique Freeman scored 24 with 18 rebounds and Xavier Castaneda scored 21 to lead the defending champion Zips (22-11), who gave up consecutive 3-pointers to Thomas and Jalen Sullinger as Kent State opened an 18-point lead midway through the second half.

The Zips kept fighting and got within six in the final minute, but Castaneda missed a pair of 3-pointers — he finished just 2 of 11 on 3s — and Kent State put it away at the free-throw line.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Golden Flashes didn’t score a field goal over the final 8:30, getting their final 13 points on free throws.

It was the third meeting this season between the neighboring Northeast Ohio schools, whose campuses are just 11 miles apart. Kent State beat Akron 89-83 in overtime last week to close the regular season.

There was the customary intensity between players on the floor and the trash talk amongst fans carried into the hallways inside Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse.

Akron beat Kent State in last year’s final after four Golden Flashes players were suspended for posting a profane video on social media following their semifinal win.

Sullinger dropped a 3-pointer and Kent State ripped off 10 straight points in the first half to open a 34-19 lead over the Zips, who were reeling.

But Akron responded by going inside to Freeman, who scored six points in a 13-0 tear that helped the Zips get within 38-34 at halftime.

Freeman finished the first half with 16 points and 10 rebounds.

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25File - From left to right, Madeleine Moreau, of France (silver medallist, 139.34 points); Patricia McCormick, of the United States (gold, 147.30 points); and United States' Zoe Jensen (bronze, 127.57 points), spose after the women's 3-meter springboard diving event at the Summer Olympics Games in Helsinki, Finland, on July 30, 1952. McCormick died Tuesday, March 7, 2023, in Santa Ana, Calif., at age 92, according to her son, Tim McCormick. (AP Photo/Pool, File)

File - From left to right, Madeleine Moreau, of France (silver medallist, 139.34 points); Patricia McCormick, of the United States (gold, 147.30 points); and United States' Zoe Jensen (bronze, 127.57 points), spose after the women's 3-meter springboard diving event at the Summer Olympics Games in Helsinki, Finland, on July 30, 1952. McCormick died Tuesday, March 7, 2023, in Santa Ana, Calif., at age 92, according to her son, Tim McCormick. (AP Photo/Pool, File)

LOS ANGELES (AP) — Pat McCormick, who became the first diver to sweep the 3-meter and 10-meter events at consecutive Olympics, has died. She was 92.

She died Tuesday of natural causes at an assisted living facility in the Orange County city of Santa Ana, her son, Tim, said Friday.

McCormick won the springboard and platform events at the 1952 Helsinki Games. She accomplished the feat again four years later at the Melbourne Games. Tim McCormick was born just five months before the Olympics in Australia.

Greg Louganis equaled McCormick’s accomplishment when he swept the 3-meter and 10-meter titles at the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics and again in 1988 at Seoul.

McCormick’s daughter, Kelly Robertson, competed on the same Olympic teams as Louganis. She won a silver medal on springboard in 1984 and a bronze in the same event in 1988.

Pat McCormick won the James Sullivan Award as the nation’s top amateur athlete in 1956, the second woman to do so.

ADVERTISEMENT

Born Patricia Joan Keller on May 12, 1930, in Seal Beach, California, as a youngster she was known for executing dives that weren’t allowed in competition while practicing off a bridge.

“She was good at everything she did,” Kelly Robertson said. “She wasn’t afraid of anything. She was super tough.”

McCormick won 26 U.S. national titles, second all-time among American women, from 1946-56. She was undefeated at national championship meets in 1951 and 1954, winning all 10 titles available to women in those two years.

She won gold on platform and silver on 3-meter at the 1951 Pan American Games, and she followed up with gold on both events at the 1955 event.

McCormick was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame.

She was educated in Long Beach, attending Woodrow Wilson High, Long Beach City College and Cal State Long Beach.

After her Olympic career ended, McCormick did diving tours and modeled for Catalina swimwear. She appeared on the game shows “To Tell the Truth” and “You Bet Your Life” in the 1950s.

She served on the organizing committee for the 1984 Los Angeles Games and started the Pat McCormick Educational Foundation in 2010.

McCormick was an adventurer who climbed Mount Kilimanjaro, traveled down the Amazon River, skied in Switzerland, body surfed, competed in horse jumping and got her pilot’s license.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Her life was so wonderful,” Tim McCormick said. “She was quite a spitfire. She lived her life to the fullest her way.”

McCormick’s former husband, Glenn, was a diving coach and a pilot who flew them to Hawaii.

“They would go spearfishing and she would come out with two or three fish stuffed in her suit,” Kelly Robertson recalled. “She was a trip.”

Among McCormick’s visitors in her final days was four-time Olympic swimming champion John Nabor, her son said.

Besides her son and daughter, McCormick is survived by six grandchildren and three great-grandchildren. She and her husband divorced after 24 years and he died in 1995. According to her wishes, McCormick was cremated and her ashes will be scattered at sea, her son said.

___

AP Olympics: https://apnews.com/hub/2024-paris-olympic-games and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsDuke forward Mark Mitchell (25) celebrates late during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game against Miami at the Atlantic Coast Conference Tournament in Greensboro, N.C., Friday, March 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton)

Duke forward Mark Mitchell (25) celebrates late during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game against Miami at the Atlantic Coast Conference Tournament in Greensboro, N.C., Friday, March 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton)

GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP) — Duke has spent weeks building consistency and cohesion on the offensive end. That has the 21st-ranked Blue Devils making extra passes, getting better looks and knocking down outside shots.

It also has this freshman-laden bunch within a win of an Atlantic Coast Conference Tournament championship under first-year coach Jon Scheyer.

Kyle Filipowski had 17 points and 11 rebounds, Jeremy Roach hit a huge 3-pointer at the 1:32 mark and Duke held off No. 14 Miami 85-78 in the ACC semifinals on Friday night.

Roach’s 3 from the left wing over Isaiah Wong with the shot clock going down gave Duke a 78-71 lead that Miami couldn’t overcome in a well-played matchup that often resembled a second-weekend NCAA Tournament game.

“I thought it was as high of a level of game as we’ve played,” Scheyer said.

And the fourth-seeded Blue Devils (25-8) did enough late to stay in control, earning a meeting with No. 13 Virginia in Saturday’s final.

ADVERTISEMENT

Tyrese Proctor hit two free throws with 9.8 seconds left, and Filipowski rebounded Wong’s last-ditch 3-pointer to start Duke’s celebration. Proctor raised his arms and motioned to the home-state crowd for more noise as Duke won its eighth straight game and earned its 17th trip to the title game in the past 25 tournaments.

Wong had 22 points to lead the top-seeded Hurricanes (25-7), who suffered an immediate blow by losing starting forward Norchad Omier to an ankle injury 66 seconds into the game. Miami shot 46.8%, with Wong and Jordan Miller (17 points) leading the attack.

“These guys did a fantastic job of keeping us in the game right until the bitter end and gave ourselves a chance,” Miami coach Jim Larrañaga said. “If we could have forced a turnover or made one or two additional shots, it could have been a different outcome.”

Both teams had five players in double figures, with Duke getting 16 points from Dariq Whitehead and 15 from Proctor. The Blue Devils shot 54.9% and made 8 of 16 3-pointers, a showing coming a day after they shot 62% in a rout of Pittsburgh with a tournament-record 27 assists.

“I just think early in the year we were kind of letting the ball stick, and it was sticking in one guy’s hand and that’s been a big thing this whole season,” Roach said. “(Scheyer’s) been telling us all five guys got to touch it. And when all five guys are touching it, everybody has got confidence.”

ADVERTISEMENT

BIG PICTURE

Duke: The Blue Devils hadn’t allowed an opponent to reach 70 points during their winning streak. That run ended and Miami spent the game hovering around 50% shooting, yet the Blue Devils won because they played with composure and toughness.

Miami: The Hurricanes had lost just once since late January, falling at home to Florida State after blowing a 25-point lead on Feb. 25. The Hurricanes arrived in Greensboro as the tournament’s No. 1 seed for only the second time in program history, the other coming a decade earlier when Miami completed a three-day run to the program’s lone ACC Tournament championship.

COMPOSED

Duke made 14 of 16 free throws after halftime, including Whitehead hitting three after being fouled on a 3-pointer with Duke holding a 66-65 lead with 5:12 left. The Blue Devils also committed four second-half turnovers.

ADVERTISEMENT

REVENGE

Duke avenged a loss for the fourth time this season. The teams split the regular-season meetings, but Miami beat Duke by 32 points on Feb. 6. The Blue Devils have pointed to that game as a turning point.

“We obviously didn’t put our best foot forward last time against Miami and we knew that,” Proctor said. “We proved today that we are a better team.”

Duke also lost to Virginia in the teams’ only meeting this season.

OMIER’S EXIT

Omier, a 6-foot-7 third-year sophomore, came in averaging 14 points and a team-high 9.8 rebounds. He was an All-ACC second-team pick by The Associated Press earlier this week.

He went down when he rebounded a missed free throw, landing on the foot of Duke’s Dereck Lively II and rolling his right ankle. That sent him falling to the court and banging his hands on the hardwood in pain.

ADVERTISEMENT

Omier was helped to the bench, then needed help just to get on his feet before being assisted to the tunnel toward the locker room. The team later tweeted he was out for the game but break any bones.

“Regardless of Norchad playing or not playing, we all got recruited here, we’re all good enough players,” Miller said. “So with that, there’s no excuse. We’ve just got to find a way.”

___

Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at https://twitter.com/aaronbeardap

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25Florida Panthers center Sam Reinhart (13) shoots in front of Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Seth Jones (4) during the second period of an NHL hockey game, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Sunrise, Fla. (AP Photo/Michael Laughlin)

Florida Panthers center Sam Reinhart (13) shoots in front of Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Seth Jones (4) during the second period of an NHL hockey game, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Sunrise, Fla. (AP Photo/Michael Laughlin)

SUNRISE, Fla. (AP) — Brandon Montour scored at 2:43 of overtime to give the Florida Panthers a 4-3 win over the Chicago Blackhawks on Friday night.

Eetu Luostarinen had a goal and an assist, and Sam Bennett and Sam Reinhart also scored, and Matthew Tkachuk had three assists for the Panthers, who have won three straight. Sergei Bobrovsky finished with 21 saves.

Caleb Jones, Cole Guttman and Boris Katchouk scored goals, and Jujhar Khaira had two assists for the Blackhawks, who lost for the sixth time in seven games. Petr Mrazek stopped 39 shots.

Florida trailed 2-0 going into the third period before Bennett and Reinhart scored 29 seconds apart to tie the score near the midpoint of the period.

“We did not like our start, it was a little sleepy,” Montour said. “But we are a resilient group and we believe in ourselves. We were getting chances so it was just bound to happen for us.”

Bennett scored from in front of the net off a pass from Tkachuk off the back boards to get the Panthers on the scoreboard with his 16th at 8:29, and Reinhart reached out and deflected a point shot from Tkachuk on a power play for his 22nd to tie it less than 30 seconds later

ADVERTISEMENT

Luostarinen gave the Panthers their first lead with 7:18 remaining as he scored from the high slot after taking a pass from Tkachuk for his 16th.

“We had to play better in the third than we did in the first two (periods),” Tkachuk said. “There was frustration. Let’s be real here, that’s a team ranked 30th in the league. We needed the win more than they did. To be down 2-0 at any point in that game was frustrating. ... It was not the start we wanted but we did a good job in the third. We heard some boos there, but turned it around at the end and heard some cheers.”

The Blackhawks pulled Mrazek for an extra skater in the closing minutes and Guttman converted from in front with 44.3 seconds remaining to tie it with his fourth.

Jones got Chicago on the scoreboard first at 6:49 of the first as he scored on a breakaway for his third.

Katchouk knocked in a pass from Joey Anderson to make it 2-0 with 2:07 left in the opening period.

“I thought we had a really good effort,” Chicago coach Luke Richardson said. “I thought we frustrated them in the first half of the game and controlled that part of the game really well. … But they pushed and we knew they were going to be desperate and push. They’re playing for a playoff spot.’’

ADVERTISEMENT

NOTES: The Blackhawks were without G Alex Stalock on Friday night so the team turned to the Florida emergency backup goalie. Zach Andrews, a 31-year-old from nearby Coral Springs, took warmups with the Blackhawks and was assigned No. 80. Andrews played collegiately at UMass-Boston and helps out the Panthers throughout the season at practices. ... Florida was missing F Anthony Duclair because of an illness with D Casey Fitzgerald sliding onto the fourth forward line.

UP NEXT

Blackhawks: At Tampa Bay on Saturday night.

Panthers: Host Winnipeg on Saturday night.

___

AP NHL: https://www.apnews.com/hub/NHL and https://www.twitter.com/AP_SportsRutgers' Oskar Palmquist (1) and his teammates react after an NCAA college basketball game against the Purdue at the Big Ten men's tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Chicago. Purdue won 70-65. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

Rutgers' Oskar Palmquist (1) and his teammates react after an NCAA college basketball game against the Purdue at the Big Ten men's tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Chicago. Purdue won 70-65. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

March Madness is coming up fast. Here is what to know along with some key games to watch and who’s on the bubble ahead of Selection Sunday for the NCAA Tournament:

KEY DATES

All eyes will be on the conference tournaments this week:

— The ACC Tournament is March 7-11 in Greensboro, North Carolina.

— The Big 12 Tournament is March 8-11 in Kansas City, Missouri.

— The Big Ten Tournament is March 8-12 in Chicago.

— The Big East Tournament is March 8-11 in New York.

— The Pac-12 Tournament is March 8-11 in Las Vegas.

— The SEC Tournament is March 8-12 in Nashville, Tennessee.

MARCH MADNESS

Selection Sunday is March 12, when bracket matchups will be set for the First Four and first- and second-round games that stretch from Florida to California .

Sweet 16 weekend will see games in New York City (East Region), Las Vegas (West), Kansas City, Missouri (Midwest), and Louisville, Kentucky (South).

ADVERTISEMENT

Where is the Final Four? In Houston, on April 1, with the championship game on April 3.

Basketball aficionados, take note: The women’s NCAA Tournament will hold its Final Four in Dallas, a four-hour drive from Houston.

BETTING GUIDE

Who’s going to win the national championship? With the regular season over, the betting favorites as of this week to reach the Final Four are Houston, Alabama, Kansas and Purdue, according to FanDuel Sportsbook . That matches the top teams in the NCAA’s initial seed watch . UCLA is in the mix near the top in the AP Top 25 , too.

WHO’S IN

These teams are already going dancing after landing their league’s automatic bid: Kennesaw State (26-8, Atlantic Sun), UNC Asheville (27-7, Big South), Fairleigh Dickinson (19-14, Northeast), Drake (27-7, Missouri Valley), Furman (27-7, Southern), Louisiana-Lafayette (26-7, Sun Belt), Southeast Missouri State (19-16, Ohio Valley), Gonzaga (28-5, West Coast), College of Charleston (31-3, Colonial Athletic Association), Oral Roberts (30-4, Summit League), Texas A&M-Corpus Christi (23-10, Southland), Montana State (25-9, Big Sky), Northern Kentucky (22-12, Horizon League) and Colgate (26-8, Patriot League).

BUBBLE WATCH

West Virginia (19-14): The metrics and strength of the Big 12 work in the Mountaineers’ favor. Their sleepy 78-61 loss to Kansas in the conference quarterfinals, when Bob Huggins was left to bemoan their lack of effort, does not. They may have gotten some help when fellow bubble buddy Oklahoma State was trounced by Texas.

ADVERTISEMENT

North Carolina (20-13): Simply put, the Tar Heels probably needed to beat No. 13 Virginia in the ACC quarterfinals and couldn’t get it done. They are just 8-7 over their last 15 games in a conference that was not particularly strong this season.

Rutgers (19-14): The Scarlet Knights had a chance to make Sunday a lot less stressful but lost to fifth-ranked Purdue 70-65 in a tightly contested Big Ten quarterfinal. How will the committee weigh Rutgers’ early season success against the fact that it lost seven of its last 10 games?

Nevada (22-10): Oh, how Steve Alford’s bunch has fallen the past two weeks. The Wolf Pack lost to Wyoming, UNLV and then in overtime to San Jose State in the Mountain West quarterfinals. Those three defeats could hurt come Sunday.

ADVERTISEMENT

GAME(S) TO WATCH

Florida Atlantic (30-3) vs. UAB (25-8), Conference USA championship, Saturday, 8:30 p.m. Eastern (CBSSN). Every team riding the NCAA Tournament bubble will be rooting for the Owls, who could slip into the dance as an at-large team if they lose to the Blazers in the finals. They would much rather FAU take the automatic berth and free up another spot for them.

Ohio State (16-18) vs. No. 5 Purdue (27-5), Saturday, 1 p.m. Eastern (CBS). The Buckeyes have been the biggest surprise of any conference tournament, but every team on the bubble will be pulling for the Boilermakers to knock them out. With two more wins, Ohio State would be swiping another bid from a potential at-large team.

___

AP March Madness coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/march-madness and bracket: https://apnews.com/hub/ncaa-mens-bracket and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — Jourdan Smith had 18 points in Grambling’s 78-69 win over Jackson State on Friday in the Southwestern Athletic Conference Tournament semifinals.

Grambling State, the tournament’s No. 2 seed, will take on eighth-seeded Texas Southern in the SWAC championship game Saturday night.

Smith added eight rebounds for the Tigers (22-8). Shawndarius Cowart scored 18 points, shooting 6 for 13 (1 for 3 from 3-point range) and 5 of 6 from the free throw line. Cameron Christon recorded 15 points and was 6 of 7 shooting (2 for 3 from distance). It was the ninth win in a row for the Tigers.

The Tigers (13-18) were led in scoring by Coltie Young, who finished with 18 points. Romelle Mansel added 12 points for Jackson State. In addition, Ken Evans finished with 12 points.

Smith scored 12 points in the first half and Grambling went into halftime trailing 36-34. Cowart’s 16-point second half helped Grambling close out the nine-point victory.

___

The Associated Press created this story using technology provided by Data Skrive and data from Sportradar .CORRECTS THE PLAYER AT LEFT TO MISSISSIPPI STATE FORWARD DJ JEFFRIES AND NOT ARKANSAS GUARD ANTHONY BLACK - Alabama forward Brandon Miller (24) fends off defense by Mississippi State forward DJ Jeffries (0) during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game in the third round of the Southeastern Conference tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Nashville, Tenn. (AP Photo/John Amis)

CORRECTS THE PLAYER AT LEFT TO MISSISSIPPI STATE FORWARD DJ JEFFRIES AND NOT ARKANSAS GUARD ANTHONY BLACK - Alabama forward Brandon Miller (24) fends off defense by Mississippi State forward DJ Jeffries (0) during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game in the third round of the Southeastern Conference tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Nashville, Tenn. (AP Photo/John Amis)

NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Brandon Miller had 18 points and nine rebounds and No. 4 Alabama never trailed in posting a 72-49 victory over Mississippi State in the quarterfinals of the Southeastern Conference Tournament on Friday.

The top-seeded Crimson Tide (27-5) set the pace in the first half hitting 8-of-20 shots from long range. Charles Bediako and Noah Gurley added 11 points apiece for Alabama, and Jahvon Quinerly scored 10.

Alabama will play No. 25 Missouri, a 79-71 winner over 17th-ranked Tennessee , in the semifinal on Saturday.

“I thought our guys did a good job opening the game,” Alabama coach Nate Oats said. “I thought we did a good job closing the half. I think over the final 12 minutes of the first half, they were 3 for 19. We went into the half great.”

Oats had hoped to rest his starters after the first four minutes of the second half but Tolu Smith got hot and changed those plans.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Bulldogs (21-12) were scoreless in their first six possessions including a pair of turnovers. They hit 8 of 31 field goal attempts and missed all five of their shots from 3-point range.

“It was a tough day,” Mississippi State coach Chris Jans said. “We’re best when we get off to a really good start. Obviously, we didn’t. They had great energy out of the locker room. They kind of punched us in the face. We were playing from behind, playing uphill all night long.”

Smith led Mississippi State with 17 points and a game-high 11 rebounds. Dashawn Davis scored 13 points.

Alabama led 41-21 at halftime, too big an advantage for Mississippi State to overcome with the Crimson Tide opening up a 25-point lead with 1:14 left on a layup by Nimari Burnette on a fastbreak.

With 5:40 remaining, Mississippi State trimmed the Crimson Tide’s lead to 57-43 on a layup by D.J. Jeffries. The Bulldogs would not get any closer.

The Crimson Tide made a season-high 20 assists.

“Our guys are unselfish, they move the ball, they care about each other,” Oats said. “We only had seven turnovers. I thought our guards did a great job of taking care of the ball.”

BIG PICTURE

Mississippi State: Shot 31% from the field and hit only one of 13 attempts from 3-point range.

Alabama: Miller, a hometown player, and his team received their share of boos from the crowd.

ADVERTISEMENT

Miller has continued to play even after Tuscaloosa Police investigator Brandon Culpepper testified that Miller brought a gun to former teammate Darius Miles, who was indicted on capital murder charges this week in the January death of 23-year-old Jamea Harris near the Alabama campus. Michael Davis also was indicted.

Miller has not been charged. He declined to discuss the case in the postgame news conference, which was dominated by questions about the situation. Oats said during postgame remarks that the situation has been “tragic” and that it’s “a private matter.”

UP NEXT

Mississippi State: Hopes to hear its name called Sunday as part of the NCAA Tournament field.

Alabama: Moves onto the SEC semifinals Saturday against either Tennessee — which beat Alabama 68-59 on Feb. 15 in Knoxville — or Missouri, which was routed on its own court by the Crimson Tide 85-64 on Jan. 21. ___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25Darryl George, right, of Australia is congratulated by teammate Rixon Wingrove after completing a home run during their Pool B game against Chinaat the World Baseball Classic at the Tokyo Dome, Japan, Saturday, March 11, 2023. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko)

Darryl George, right, of Australia is congratulated by teammate Rixon Wingrove after completing a home run during their Pool B game against Chinaat the World Baseball Classic at the Tokyo Dome, Japan, Saturday, March 11, 2023. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko)

TOKYO (AP) — Rixon Wingrove had a three-run double in the first inning to get Australia started and Darryl George had an RBI run single in the seventh for a 12-2 victory over China on Saturday in a World Baseball Classic game due to the 10-run mercy rule.

Australia (2-0) scored twice in the third and five times in the fourth, highlighted by Robbie Glendinning’s two-run homer. Single runs in the sixth and seventh ended the game.

China (0-3) got its two runs in the fourth on a wild pitch and an RBI single by Jinjun Luo.

Australia is on track to finish in the top two in Pool B along with Japan and advance to the quarterfinals.

PANAMA 2, ITALY 0

TAICHUNG, Taiwan (AP) — Jose Ramos hit a solo homer in the first and scored on Allen Cordoba’s single in the seventh inning as Panama beat Italy 2-0 in Group A.

Italy (1-2) had runners on first and third with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning, but Nicky Lopez grounded into a game-ending double play.

Panama (2-2) pitchers held Italy to five hits and totaled six strikeouts. Harold Arauz started and pitched four innings to pick up the win.COLOGNE, Germany (AP) — Bochum’s first goals in the Bundesliga for more than a month earned the relegation-threatened team a valuable 2-0 win over Cologne on Friday.

Played in persistent snowfall, it was a meeting between teams badly in need of a win. Cologne was without a goal in three league games and Bochum last scored in the Bundesliga on Feb. 4.

It didn’t take long for that to change as Kevin Stöger converted a penalty in the ninth minute after Cologne defender Timo Hübers tripped Christopher Antwi-Adjei.

Despite coming under pressure from Cologne, Bochum doubled its lead in the 76th minute when Erhan Mašović bundled the ball in after Cologne failed to clear a free kick.

The win lifted Bochum four places in the standings, from last to 14th, and left Hoffenheim and Schalke in the automatic relegation places. Cologne is 12th with one win from its last eight games in the Bundesliga.

___

More AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsLILLE, France (AP) — Lille striker Jonathan David notched a hat trick to become the top scorer in the French league and Lyon substitute Alexandre Lacazette netted two late goals to salvage a 3-3 draw on Friday.

David raised his league tally to 19, one more than Paris Saint-Germain striker Kylian Mbappe.

Lille remained in sixth place, level on points with Rennes in the last European spot, while Lyon moved into eighth place on goal difference.

“It’s disappointing that we didn’t get the three points tonight,” David said. “Because we knew those three points were very important in the race for Europe.”

David put the host ahead in the 46th minute by converting a low cross from Jonathan Bamba.

The Canada striker dedicated his goal to Tiago Djalo, who suffered a season-ending knee injury against Lens last weekend, by holding up his teammate’s shirt to the crowd.

David then doubled the lead with a penalty in the 61st after Rayan Cherki’s cynical foul on Gabriel Gudmundsson.

ADVERTISEMENT

Lyon capitalized on a poor clearance from Benjamin Andre to pull one back in the 64th when Bradley Barcola fired home a diagonal strike.

David restored Lille’s two-goal lead by sending Lyon goalkeeper Remy Riou the wrong way from another spot kick in the 79th after Lacazette moved his arm to block a free kick from Remy Cabella.

In his return from a hamstring injury, Lacazette redeemed himself by heading a cross from Sael Kumbedi into the bottom corner to make it 3-2 in the 83rd.

The former Arsenal striker equalized in the 89th by guiding the ball into the top corner after Barcola’s cutback.

“We have young players who give everything,” Lyon coach Laurent Blanc said. ”I’m very proud of them tonight because they kept believing all the time, even at 3-1. And they are capable of anything, the good and the not so good.”

It could have gone either way in the closing minutes. Lacazette volleyed wide in the second minute of stoppage time and Lille had a penalty canceled in the last seconds after a video review showed minimal contact between Bamba and Kumbedi.

On Saturday, league leader PSG visits Brest and Rennes faces Auxerre. ___

More AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsWELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — The Fijian Drua have pulled off one of the biggest upsets in the history of Super Rugby, beating the defending champion Crusaders 25-24 with a penalty two minutes after the fulltime siren on Saturday.

In a thrilling finish to a match played in searing heat in Lautoka, Fiji, the Drua rallied from 12-5 down at halftime to lead 22-12, then saw the Crusaders come back to take a 24-22 lead with a converted try in the 78th minute

With the last play of the game the Drua won a penalty in front of the Crusaders’ posts and Kemu Valetini, the brother of Wallabies player Rob Valetini, took on massive responsibility to kick the winning penalty on debut.

Churchill Park erupted when the kick from close range passed over the crossbar to clinch the most significant win in the Drua’s history. They now are 2-1 and have moved up to fourth place with the third round still in progress while the Christchurch-based Crusaders, now 1-2, have dropped to seventh in this year’s edition of Super Rugby Pacific.

ADVERTISEMENT

“We prepared for this week from Monday. We had the belief we could do it,” Drua captain Tevita Ikanivere said. “We came out and defeated a great Crusaders team. What better way to do it than on our home turf?”

The Crusaders won the equivalent fixture last year 61-3. This year, the Crusaders named a weakened team as head coach Scott Robertson was forced to rest most of his All Blacks.

The Crusaders still managed to dominate at set pieces in the first half and scored two tries to hooker Quentin MacDonald from lineout drives. The Drua always were keen to play the match at pace and among the backs and pulled on try back before halftime through Iosefo Masi.

The Crusaders forwards appeared to wilt in the heat in the second half and the Drua pack became more assertive.

Ilaisa Droasese scored a try from phase play in the 50th minute, then scrumhalf Frank Domani switched an openside play to the blindside in the 61st minute and Joseva Tamani scored. That put the Drua in front for the first time and they stretched their lead to 10 points with a try to Eroni Sau.

The Crusaders rallied strongly with two tries and Fergus Burke converted the second from the sideline to put his team ahead 24-12 before Valetini sealed the match with his penalty.

ADVERTISEMENT

“We have to play 80 minutes and for periods there we just turned our back and they showed how dangerous they are and capitalized with their skill,” said Crusaders captain Scott Barrett, who played his 100th Super Rugby match.

Later, the Auckland-based Blues beat the Wellington-based Hurricanes 25-19 in a dull and scrappy match in Wellington.

The Blues are packed with All Blacks and showed the weaknesses of the All Blacks: lack of discipline, too many simple errors at key moments and poor kicking by its playmakers.

The Blues won the territorial battle but the Hurricanes defended well. Tries to Caleb Clarke and Hoskins Sotutu just before halftime proved crucial in the Blues’ win.

___

More AP rugby: https://apnews.com/hub/rugby and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsPhiladelphia 76ers' Joel Embiid, right, reacts past Portland Trail Blazers' Damian Lillard after the 76ers won an NBA basketball game, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

Philadelphia 76ers' Joel Embiid, right, reacts past Portland Trail Blazers' Damian Lillard after the 76ers won an NBA basketball game, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Joel Embiid made a fadeaway jumper from the foul line with 1.1 seconds left to give the Philadelphia 76ers a 120-119 comeback victory over the Portland Trail Blazers on Friday night.

Embiid scored 39 points, shaking off a double-team from Jusuf Nurkic and Damian Lillard on the winner. The basket gave Philadelphia its first lead of the game they trailed by 21 points late in the first half.

Portland’s last-second attempt after a timeout was tipped away on the inbound play, with Lillard’s shot coming after the horn.

James Harden added 19 points for Philadelphia despite struggling from the floor. Tyrese Maxey and DeAnthony Melton each had 13 to help the 76ers win their fourth straight game.

Anfernee Simons led Portland with 34 points on 8-of-12 shooting from 3-point range. Jeremi Grant had 24 points and Lillard 22.

LAKERS 122, RAPTORS 112

LOS ANGELES (AP) — D’Angelo Russell had 28 points and nine assists in his dynamic return from a six-game injury absence, Dennis Schröder added 23 points and seven assists and Los Angeles won for the seventh time in nine games.

ADVERTISEMENT

Austin Reaves scored 18 points while Rui Hachimura and Jarred Vanderbilt added 16 apiece as the Lakers extended their impressive recent surge even with little contribution this time from Anthony Davis. The superstar big man had only eight points and nine rebounds while struggling against Toronto’s defense, but Russell and his teammates took charge before Davis sealed the win on his only field goal of the second half with 46 seconds to play.

Scottie Barnes scored 20 of his career-high 32 points in the second half, and O.G. Anunoby made his first 11 shots while scoring 31 points in the Raptors’ fourth loss to complete a tough five-game road trip. Toronto had won seven consecutive road games against the Lakers since 2014.

HAWKS 114, WIZARDS 107

WASHINGTON (AP) — Trae Young scored 28 points, including a key 3-pointer with 1:17 remaining that helped Atlanta hold off Washington.

The Hawks won in Washington for the second time in three days in what could be a preview of a play-in round matchup in the Eastern Conference. Atlanta is in eighth place, and the Wizards are a half-game up on Chicago for 10th.

The Wizards trailed by just three when Bradley Beal came up empty trying for a quick 2-pointer. Dejounte Murray made two free throws for Atlanta with 12.7 seconds left, and the Hawks closed out the game from there.

ADVERTISEMENT

Beal led Washington with 27 points and Kristaps Porzingis added 22.

HEAT 119, CAVALIERS 115

MIAMI (AP) — Jimmy Butler scored 33 points, Tyler Herro added 25 and Miami rallied from a 14-point, second-half deficit to beat Cleveland.

Bam Adebayo scored 19 points and Max Strus had 14 for the Heat, who split a two-game home set with the Cavaliers.

Donovan Mitchell led all scorers with 42 points for Cleveland, which got 16 apiece from Isaac Okoro and Caris LeVert. Evan Mobley added 12 for the Cavaliers.

Cleveland (42-27) fell 3-1/2 games behind Philadelphia in the race for the No. 3 spot in the Eastern Conference. Miami (36-32) remains No. 7 in the East.

ADVERTISEMENT

NETS 124, TIMBERWOLVES 123, OT

MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Mikal Bridges scored 34 points and Spencer Dinwiddie blocked Mike Conley’s 3-point attempt as time expired to give Brooklyn its fourth victory in five outings.

Acquired from Phoenix last month in the deal that sent Kevin Durant to the Suns, Bridges has scored 30 or more points in four of his past five games.

Dinwiddie had 29 points and 11 assists, Cam Johnson — also part of the trade with Phoenix — recovered from taking a hit to the face to finish with 15 points and eight rebounds, and Royce O’Neale added 12 points and 15 rebounds off the bench.

Anthony Edwards led Minnesota with 32 points, but missed several key shots down the stretch. Rudy Gobert scored 26, his most since being acquired by the Timberwolves in the offseason.

SPURS 128, NUGGETS 120

SAN ANTONIO (AP) — Keldon Johnson scored 23 points and San Antonio overcame 37 points, 11 rebounds and 11 assists by Nikola Jokic to stun Denver.

ADVERTISEMENT

Doug McDermott added 20 points and Jeremy Sochan had 19 points for San Antonio, which shot 54% in a balanced effort with their entire roster available for one of only a few times in an injury-riddled season.

It was Jokic’s 26th triple-double in what could be his third straight MVP season.

Jamal Murray added 24 points for Denver, which lost its second straight following a four-game winning streak.

—

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/NBA and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsCHICAGO (AP) — Michigan State coach Tom Izzo has been complaining about his team’s defense for about three weeks.

“So I guess my experience kind of gave the answer,” Izzo said.

A painful one, too.

Michigan State dropped its Big Ten Tournament opener on Friday, losing 68-58 to a 13th-seeded Ohio State team playing for the third straight day. The Spartans are 7-8 in their last 15 games, but they have enough quality wins that they are expected to receive an at-large bid when the NCAA Tournament bracket is revealed on Sunday.

“Today we didn’t come ready to play, but we’ve got a second chance in the tournament to turn things around,” Michigan State guard Jaden Akins said. “We just know we’ve got to put our all into that and make this run.”

Under Izzo, the Spartans (19-12) have a long history of postseason success built on defense and rebounding. But Michigan State’s opponents are averaging 70 points and 44% shooting since Jan. 13, a slight increase from the season average of 67.4 points and 42% shooting.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Buckeyes shot 44.6% (25 for 56) from the field, including 10 for 19 from 3-point range. They shot 48% from the field during an 84-78 loss at Michigan State in the regular-season finale last weekend.

Ohio State also held its own on the glass on Friday, losing 35-33 in the rebounding battle.

“They were in a rhythm. We didn’t do a good job defending the 3-point line,” forward Joey Hauser said. “But they had two games under their belt here already, and we knew that was going to be the case coming into the game, but we didn’t do a good job defending the 3-point line.”

Akins said the Spartans surrendered too many driving lanes.

“We were getting put in tough situations because they were confident from 3 today,” he said. “So you kind of didn’t know if you wanted to help or try to stop the ball when they were driving.”

Michigan State had trouble staying in a front of a short-handed Ohio State team playing without Brice Sensabaugh, who was sidelined by knee soreness. The freshman scored 21 points in the previous matchup between the schools.

Asked about his concern about Michigan State’s defense going into the NCAA tourney, Izzo sounded an optimistic note. He said the Spartans just have to get back to the defense they were playing earlier in the season.

ADVERTISEMENT

“That’s the beauty of it. I don’t have to reinvent the wheel, as I said,” he said. “We’ve been there, done that. We played really good defense.”

___

Follow Jay Cohen at https://twitter.com/jcohenap

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25Corpses are carried out of a Jehovah's Witness building and loaded into hearses in Hamburg, Germany Friday, March 10, 2023. Shots were fired inside the building used by Jehovah's Witnesses in the northern German city of Hamburg on Thursday evening, with multiple people killed and wounded, police said. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber)

Corpses are carried out of a Jehovah's Witness building and loaded into hearses in Hamburg, Germany Friday, March 10, 2023. Shots were fired inside the building used by Jehovah's Witnesses in the northern German city of Hamburg on Thursday evening, with multiple people killed and wounded, police said. (AP Photo/Markus Schreiber)

HAMBURG, Germany (AP) — A gunman stormed a service at his former Jehovah’s Witness hall in Germany, killing six people before taking his own life after police arrived, authorities in the port city of Hamburg said Friday.

Police gave no motive for Thursday night’s attack. But they acknowledged recently receiving an anonymous tip that claimed the man identified as the shooter showed anger toward Jehovah’s Witnesses and might be psychologically unfit to own a gun.

Eight people were wounded, including a woman who was 28 weeks pregnant and lost the baby. Chancellor Olaf Scholz said the death toll could rise.

Officers apparently arrived at the hall while the attack was ongoing and heard one more shot, according to witnesses and authorities. They did not fire their weapons, but officials said their intervention likely prevented further loss of life at the boxy building next to an auto repair shop a few kilometers (miles) from downtown.

ADVERTISEMENT

Scholz, a former Hamburg mayor, said the city was “speechless in view of this violence” and “mourning those whose lives were taken so brutally.”

All of the victims were German citizens apart from two wounded women, one with Ugandan citizenship and one with Ukrainian.

Officials said the suspected assailant was a 35-year-old German man identified only as Philipp F., in line with the country’s privacy rules. Police said he had left the congregation “voluntarily, but apparently not on good terms,” about a year and a half ago.

A website registered in the name of someone who fits the police description says that he grew up in the Bavarian town of Kempten in “a strict religious evangelical household.”

The website, which is filled with business jargon, also links to a self-published book about “God, Jesus Christ and Satan.”

Philipp F. legally owned a semi-automatic Heckler & Koch Pistole P30 handgun, according to police. He fired more than 100 shots during the attack, and the head of the Hamburg prosecutors office, Ralf Peter Anders, said hundreds more rounds were found in a search of the man’s apartment.

Germany’s gun laws are more restrictive than those in the United States but permissive compared with some European neighbors, and shootings are not unheard of.

Last year, an 18-year-old man opened fire in a packed lecture at Heidelberg University , killing one person and wounding three others before killing himself. In 2020, the nation saw two high-profile shootings, one that killed six people and another that took nine lives .

In the most recent shooting involving a site of worship, a far-right extremist attempted to force his way into a synagogue in Halle on the Jewish holy day of Yom Kippur in 2019 . After failing to gain entry, he shot two people to death nearby.

ADVERTISEMENT

The German government announced plans last year to crack down on gun ownership by suspected extremists and to tighten background checks. Currently, anyone who wants to acquire a firearm must show that they are fit to do so, including by proving that they require a gun. Reasons can include being part of a sports shooting club or being a hunter.

Hamburg Police Chief Ralf Martin Meyer said the man was visited by officers after they received an anonymous tip in January, claiming that he had “particular anger toward religious believers, in particular toward Jehovah’s Witnesses and his former employer.”

Officers said the man was cooperative and found no grounds to take away his weapon, according to Meyer.

ADVERTISEMENT

“The bottom line is that an anonymous tip in which someone says they’re worried a person might have a psychological illness isn’t in itself a basis for (such) measures,” he said.

Germany’s top security official laid a wreath of flowers outside the hall to commemorate the victims and thanked police before taking questions from reporters.

Asked whether the attack could have been prevented, Interior Minister Nancy Faser said it was necessary to wait for the investigation to conclude, but she acknowledged that changes were needed in the way background checks are conducted and information is exchanged between authorities.

She said a bill now making its way through the legislative process would require gun owners to undergo psychological tests.

ADVERTISEMENT

On Friday morning, forensic investigators in protective white suits could be seen outside the hall. As a light snow fell, officers placed yellow cones on the ground and windowsills to mark evidence.

A special operations unit that happened to be near the hall arrived just minutes after receiving the first emergency call at 9:04 p.m. , Hamburg’s top security official said. The officers were able to separate the gunman from the congregation.

“We can assume that they saved many people’s lives this way,” Hamburg state Interior Minister Andy Grote told reporters.

Upon arrival, officers found people with apparent gunshot wounds on the ground floor and then heard a shot from an upper floor, where they found a fatally wounded person believed to be the shooter, according to police spokesman Holger Vehren.

Gregor Miebach, who lives within sight of the building, heard shots and filmed a figure entering the building through a window. In his footage, shots can then be heard from inside. The figure later apparently emerges from the hall, is seen in the courtyard and then fires more shots through a first floor window before the lights in the room go out.

ADVERTISEMENT

Miebach told German television news agency NonstopNews that he heard at least 25 shots. After police arrived, one last shot followed, he said.

His mother, Dorte Miebach, said she was shocked by the shooting. “It’s really 50 meters (yards) from our house and many people died,” she said. “This is still incomprehensible.”

Jehovah’s Witnesses are part of an international church founded in the United States in the 19th century and headquartered in Warwick, New York. The church claims a worldwide membership of about 8.7 million, with about 170,000 in Germany.

Members are known for their evangelistic efforts that include knocking on doors and distributing literature in public squares. The denomination’s practices include a refusal to bear arms, receive blood transfusions, salute a national flag or participate in secular government.

David Semonian, a U.S.-based spokesman for Jehovah’s Witnesses, said in an emailed statement Friday that members “worldwide grieve for the victims of this traumatic event.”

___ Moulson and Jordans reported from Berlin. Associated Press journalist David Rising in Bangkok contributed to this report.Xavier head coach Sean Miller works the bench in the first half of an NCAA college basketball game against Creighton during the semifinals of the Big East conference tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in New York. (AP Photo/John Minchillo)

Xavier head coach Sean Miller works the bench in the first half of an NCAA college basketball game against Creighton during the semifinals of the Big East conference tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in New York. (AP Photo/John Minchillo)

NEW YORK (AP) — Back in late January, Xavier point guard Souley Boum scored a season-low two points in a loss at Creighton and was undeniably outplayed by his counterpart, Ryan Nembhard.

Boum turned it around Friday night, scoring 23 points and playing lock-down defense as No. 15 Xavier cruised into the Big East championship game with an 82-60 victory against No. 24 Creighton.

“I definitely had that memory in my mind,” Boum said. “It’s March. I know I had to show up for us to win, and I kind of took that personal.”

Coach Sean Miller’s second-seeded Musketeers (25-8) will face top-seeded and sixth-ranked Marquette (27-6) on Saturday night at Madison Square Garden in a matchup of teams looking for their first Big East Tournament title.

Nembhard managed just five points on 2-for-12 shooting after nearly getting a tripe-double in Creighton’s Jan. 28 victory against the Musketeers.

“Souley had a lot to do with that,” Miller said. “He really gave tremendous effort on that end.”

ADVERTISEMENT

It will be the 10th time the top two seeds square off for the Big East Tournament championship and first since 2004.

Xavier has played in the final just once since joining the conference in 2013-14, losing to Villanova in 2015.

The Musketeers seemed to have the smallest contingent of fans at The Garden on semifinal night, but they practically had the place to themselves to celebrate as the clock wound down on a decisive victory.

Jack Nunge scored 17 points for Xavier and needed a few stitches below his lip at halftime after taking a shot to the mouth. Colby Jones added 14 points and 10 rebounds.

Boum, a first-team AP all-Big East selection, made a 3-pointer from the wing with 13:55 left to increase the lead to 18, and third-seeded Creighton (21-12) couldn’t get enough stops to make a run.

“Last time we played them, I didn’t do a good job,” Boum said. “(Nembhard) was able to get over the screens. I wasn’t able to get looks or make plays. This game, I made sure I did that. It worked for me and my teammates.”

Xavier shot 52% in the second half and 47% for the game.

“We really were locked in, both on defense and offense,” Miller said. “Certainly one of our, probably our best performances of the season.”

Ryan Kalkbrenner led Creighton with 18 points on 7-for-7 shooting. The rest of the Bluejays went 14 for 49 from the field.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Really from the jump, they had us out of rhythm offensively and forced us into some uncharacteristic turnovers,” Bluejays coach Greg McDermott said.

Creighton was looking for its third straight Big East championship game appearance and fifth overall. The Bluejays have yet to win the conference tournament since joining the league in 2013-14.

Miller, in the first season of his second stint as Xavier coach, has the Musketeers in position to win their first conference tournament title since his last run at the Cincinnati school. Xavier won the Atlantic 10 Tournament in 2006.

Miller spent 12 seasons at Arizona before parting ways with the school after the 2020-21 season amid an NCAA investigation related to the FBI’s case on college basketball recruiting corruption. Miller was never sanctioned by the NCAA.

ADVERTISEMENT

After a season away from coaching, he returned to Xavier.

Miller inherited a veteran team and led it to program-high 15 Big East wins in the regular season. The former Pitt point guard never reached the Big East title game as a player.

“There is a big difference between advancing in the tournament and just playing in it,” Miller said. “As a player, that’s what I did, I played in the Big East Tournament. You’re playing for the championship. That’s more sacred ground.”

The Musketeers needed a late comeback to beat 10th-seeded DePaul in the quarterfinals Thursday. But against Creighton, Xavier led almost start to finish.

Xavier built 40-26 lead at halftime, turning 11 Creighton turnovers into 17 points.

Boum scored eight straight for the Musketeers during one stretch, with consecutive 3s upping the lead to 12.

“He just got some good looks early. Felt like he saw the ball go in early, and it grew his confidence,” Nembhard said.

ADVERTISEMENT

BIG PICTURE

Creighton: The Bluejays don’t have much depth and have a hard time overcoming a bad game by one of their solid starting five.

Xavier: The Musketeers improved to 8-3 since forward Zach Freemantle, the team’s leading rebounder, went out with a season-ending left foot injury. The 6-foot-9 senior ranks third on the team in scoring at 15.2 points per game. The three losses were by a combined four points, including a 69-68 defeat at Marquette.

UP NEXT

Creighton: The Bluejays are in good shape to make the NCAA Tournament for a third straight season.

Xavier: The Musketeers split with Marquette this season in two games decided by a combined five points.

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25FILE - UCLA coach Mick Cronin encourages players during the first half of the team's NCAA college basketball game against Southern California in Los Angeles, Thursday, Jan. 5, 2023. Cronin is the Pac-12 coach of the year in voting released by The Associated Press, Tuesday, March 7, 2023. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)

FILE - UCLA coach Mick Cronin encourages players during the first half of the team's NCAA college basketball game against Southern California in Los Angeles, Thursday, Jan. 5, 2023. Cronin is the Pac-12 coach of the year in voting released by The Associated Press, Tuesday, March 7, 2023. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)

LAS VEGAS (AP) — UCLA coach Mick Cronin has a unique relationship with Las Vegas.

He was offered the UNLV job in 2016, turning it down to remain at Cincinnati, and has said he considers Las Vegas his second home. Cronin’s Bruins have played five regular-season games in Las Vegas the past two years, and had a sixth scheduled against North Carolina in December 2021 that was canceled because of COVID-19 issues.

Then, of course, there is the annual Pac-12 Conference Tournament, which opens Wednesday, that brings Cronin and his team to Las Vegas.

But as much as he enjoys coming here, his on-court experiences haven’t always worked out the way he wanted. UCLA made the finals of the conference tournament last season before losing 84-76 to Arizona .

Then this season, the Bruins were swept in December by Illinois and Baylor . Cronin’s voice could be heard through the wall as he dressed down his team at halftime of one of those games.

ADVERTISEMENT

He said Tuesday, however, he isn’t anxious about this week as No. 2 UCLA (27-4) plays for a No. 1 seed in the NCAA Tournament. He said he wants his players to enjoy the week.

To that end, Cronin planned to take them to Topgolf on Tuesday night.

Still, this is a big week for the Bruins, who if they win the tournament almost certainly would be the No. 1 seed in the West Region. And if they win the first two games of the NCAA Tournament, they would be right back in Las Vegas for the regional.

Cronin said the players have been focused on trying to become the West’s top seed, and there are practical reasons to try to achieve that spot.

“I do know the travel is an issue,” Cronin said. “I made one Final Four (2021 in the Indiana bubble). It took one flight to get there. Common sense would tell you you’re going to have more fans when you travel less. I guess you try to get every advantage on your side.”

KEY LOSS FOR BRUINS

Cronin said guard Jaylen Clark, who was named Pac-12 Defensive Player of the Year, won’t play in the conference tournament because of a lower-leg injury.

Cronin said the additional playing time for other players would be beneficial, but acknowledged what Clark means to his team.

“It’s much harder to win that (defensive) award as a guard, but I’d be shocked if Jaylen Clark didn’t win that award unanimously,” Cronin said. “That’s how good of a defender he is.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Cronin didn’t offer a prognosis for Clark’s return.

CHAMPIONSHIP REMATCH?

No. 8 Arizona (25-6) is the only other ranked Pac-12 team, and it would be a significant upset if the Wildcats didn’t face UCLA in the title game for the second year in a row.

They met on Saturday in Los Angeles, and the Bruins won 82-73 . Arizona coach Tommy Lloyd said facing a veteran UCLA team at home on senior night would have been a tall task for any team.

“You could’ve played really well at UCLA that night and lost by three or four,” Lloyd said. “That hasn’t stuck with us at all. Hopefully, we learned a few things from it. I’ve moved on and hopefully our players have, too.”

The Wildcats finished the regular season with two losses in their final three games. Arizona also lost to rival Arizona State 89-88 on a 60-foot shot at the buzzer.

ADVERTISEMENT

THE REST OF THE FIELD

UCLA and Arizona are not only locks to make the NCAA Tournament, both should receive high seeds.

There’s much less certainty for the rest of the conference.

Southern California (22-9) owns the next-highest NET ranking among Pac-12 schools at No. 45. The NET ranking is one metric the committee uses to determine the 68-team field.

Oregon (18-13) is next at No. 47, and Arizona State (20-11) is 64th.

It could be a nervous Sunday for those three Pac-12 teams as they wait to see which at-large teams are selected for the tournament.

ODDS AND ENDS

UCLA is a plus-150 favorite to win the conference tournament, according to FanDuel Sportsbook , meaning a $100 bet would pay $150. Arizona is nearly the co-favorite at plus-165, and USC is next at plus-650. ... The Bruins dominated the conference awards. In addition to Clark, senior guard/forward Jaime Jaquez Jr. was named Player of the Year, forward Adem Bona the Freshman of the Year and Cronin the Coach of the Year. The other awards went to Arizona junior center Oumar Ballo as Most Improved Player and USC sophomore guard Reese Dixon-Waters as Sixth Player of the Year.

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25FILE - A tennis player casts a shadow on the clay court of the French Open tennis tournament at the Roland Garros stadium in Paris, Sunday, June 2, 2019. The women’s professional tennis tour has launched a commercial enterprise with CVC Capital Partners to increase revenues for the sport. The global investment manager is contributing $150 million for a 20% stake in what will be known as WTA Ventures LLC. WTA Chairman and CEO Steve Simon said the goal is to grow the profile, value and prize money of women’s professional tennis. (AP Photo/Christophe Ena, File)

FILE - A tennis player casts a shadow on the clay court of the French Open tennis tournament at the Roland Garros stadium in Paris, Sunday, June 2, 2019. The women’s professional tennis tour has launched a commercial enterprise with CVC Capital Partners to increase revenues for the sport. The global investment manager is contributing $150 million for a 20% stake in what will be known as WTA Ventures LLC. WTA Chairman and CEO Steve Simon said the goal is to grow the profile, value and prize money of women’s professional tennis. (AP Photo/Christophe Ena, File)

The women’s professional tennis tour launched a commercial enterprise with CVC Capital Partners on Tuesday to increase revenues for the sport, with the investment manager contributing $150 million for a 20% stake in what will be known as WTA Ventures LLC.

“Obviously, the ambition is to materially grow women’s professional tennis. Grow our profile, its value, the prize money,” WTA Chairman and CEO Steve Simon said. “This arrangement is certainly going to provide for us to create more investment opportunity to our players and our tournaments.”

He said the new entity is completely separate from St. Petersburg, Florida-based WTA Inc., which oversees the tour itself, and will manage all of the sport’s commercial activities, including rights for broadcast, data, gaming, sponsorship, licensing and NFTs.

“We can begin, hopefully, gaining more audience and more engaged fans,” Simon said. “That will then drive the asset value of each of those properties through the growth of the audience.”

ADVERTISEMENT

In late 2021, Simon announced that the WTA would be suspending all of its tournaments — including the season-ending WTA Finals — that were held in China because of concerns over the safety of former player Peng Shuai , costing the tour millions of dollars. That ban on competition in China remains in place; Simon said there will be a decision about where to hold this season’s WTA Finals by the end of March.

He called the CVC investment “completely unattached from any of those issues.”

Simon also said the agreement announced Tuesday “doesn’t prohibit, in any way, from us continuing to have discussions with the ATP (men’s tennis tour) and potentially doing a bigger deal with the ATP involved.”

CVC says on its website that it is a “global alternative investment manager” with more than 137 billion euros ($145 billion) in assets under management.

It has worked with Formula One, European soccer leagues, rugby, volleyball and other sports.

The WTA-CVC partnership has been in the works for a while, from the initial concept to the work to complete the deal over the past 12 months.

“It’s been a long journey,” Simon said. ___ AP tennis: https://apnews.com/hub/tennis and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsCHICAGO BEARS (3-14)

UNRESTRICTED FREE AGENTS: WR Byron Pringle, LB Nicholas Morrow, RT Riley Reiff, DL Angelo Blackson, WR N’Keal Harry, TE Ryan Griffin, S DeAndre Houston-Carson, S Dane Cruikshank, LS Patrick Scales, LB Matthew Adams, DL Mike Pennel, LB Joe Thomas, LG Dakota Dozier, RG Michael Schofield, QB Tim Boyle, WR Dante Pettis, QB Nathan Peterman, LB Elijah Lee, RB David Montgomery, FB Khari Blasingame, TE Trevon Wesco, DL Armon Watts.

RESTRICTED FREE AGENTS: CB Breon Borders, C Sam Mustipher, LB Javin White, RB Darrynton Evans.

NEEDS: The Bears agreed Friday to trade the No. 1 overall pick in the draft to the Carolina Panthers, two people familiar with the deal said. Chicago addressed a big need for a playmaker to help quarterback Justin Fields by acquiring star receiver D.J. Moore from Carolina along with the No. 9 and No. 61 overall picks in 2023, a first-rounder in 2024 and a second-rounder in 2025, the people said. With Fields running for 1,143 yards, the Bears led the league in rushing last season. But they finished at the bottom in passing. Chicago still has some big holes to fill after setting a franchise record for losses. The Bears desperately need help up front after finishing with a league-worst 20 sacks, their lowest total since the 2003 team had 18. Their sack leader was a safety — Jaquan Brisker with four — and no lineman had more than three. Chicago could also use help on the offensive line after Fields was sacked 55 times — tied with Denver’s Russell Wilson for the most in the NFL.

AVAILABLE SALARY CAP SPACE (approximately): $75 million.

___

AP NFL: https://apnews.com/hub/NFL and https://twitter.com/AP_NFLSpezia's M'Bala Nzola, second left, celebrates after scoring during the Italian Serie A soccer match between Spezia and Inter Milan at the Alberto Picco Stadium in La Spezia, Italy, Friday, March 10, 2023. (Tano Pecoraro./LaPresse via AP)

Spezia's M'Bala Nzola, second left, celebrates after scoring during the Italian Serie A soccer match between Spezia and Inter Milan at the Alberto Picco Stadium in La Spezia, Italy, Friday, March 10, 2023. (Tano Pecoraro./LaPresse via AP)

LA SPEZIA, Italy (AP) — It was a tale of three penalties at Stadio Alberto Picco where Inter Milan surprisingly lost to relegation-threatened Spezia 2-1 in a slice of Serie A history on Friday.

After Lautaro Martínez’s first-half penalty for Inter was saved, substitute Daniel Maldini, the son of AC Milan great Paolo Maldini, gave Spezia the lead in the 55th minute. Maldini is also on loan from Milan.

Inter looked to have rescued a point when Romelu Lukaku converted a penalty seven minutes from time but M’Bala Nzola scored from another spot kick.

Spezia’s first victory over the Nerazzurri lifted it six points clear of the drop zone.

Inter remained second but was just two points ahead of Lazio and three ahead of Roma and Milan, with all three still to play this weekend.

Simone Inzaghi’s team will have to recover quickly ahead of a tough week. It visits Porto on Tuesday in the last 16 of the Champions League, protecting a 1-0 advantage from the first leg. Then it hosts fierce rival Juventus in Serie A the following weekend.

ADVERTISEMENT

Inter dominated Spezia but home goalkeeper Bartłomiej Drągowski kept his team in the match with fine saves, the most important of which was to keep out Martínez’s penalty in the 14th minute.

The penalty was awarded after a tackle by Mattia Caldara on Danilo D’Ambrosio.

Lukaku gestured towards the bench in surprise as to why he was not taking the penalty. He’d scored all 16 of his previous penalties for Inter. Martínez missed for the fourth time in his last eight spot kicks.

Spezia didn’t have an attempt on goal during the first half — although Kevin Agudelo had a cross deflected onto the crossbar — but it took the lead with its first shot.

Drągowski sent a long goal kick to Nzola, who burst into the area and controlled with his back to goal before rolling across for an unmarked Maldini to slot.

Inter was awarded a second penalty late on when Salva Ferrer fouled Denzel Dumfries.

This time, Lukaku stepped up and drilled into the bottom right corner.

But less than two minutes later, Spezia was awarded a penalty when Dumfries crashed into the back of Viktor Kovalenko. Nzola didn’t miss either.

___

More AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsLAS VEGAS RAIDERS (6-11)

UNRESTRICTED FREE AGENTS: CB Anthony Averett, OL Alex Bars, OT Jackson Barton, DT Andrew Billings, DE Tashawn Bower, LB Jayon Brown, WR Keelan Cole, G/OT Jermaine Eluemunor, S Matthias Farley, DE Clelin Ferrell, C Hroniss Grasu, S Duron Harmon, WR Mack Hollins, DE Jordan Jenkins, FB Jakob Johnson, CB Sidney Jones, LB Micah Kiser, LB Harvey Langi, TE Foster Moreau, DT Kyle Peko, LB Denzel Perryman, DE Isaac Rochell, QB Jarrett Stidham, DL Jerry Tillery, CB Rock Ya-Sin.

RESTRICTED FREE AGENTS: LB Curtis Bolton, S Roderic Teamer.

NEEDS: Quarterback is a good place to start after the Raiders parted ways with Derek Carr, and they have been mentioned as potential suitors for Aaron Rodgers and Jimmy Garoppolo. Las Vegas owns the seventh pick in the draft and also could go there for its next QB. Beyond that position, the Raiders have needs throughout their defense and on the offensive line. How much they commit financially to a quarterback will determine how much the Raiders can adequately address the rest of the roster.

AVAILABLE SALARY CAP SPACE (approximately): $39 million.

___

AP NFL coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/NFL and https://twitter.com/AP_NFLGREENSBORO, N.C. (AP) — No. 14 Miami lost starting forward Norchad Omier to an ankle injury in the first half its Atlantic Coast Conference Tournament semifinal matchup against No. 21 Duke on Friday.

Omier was hurt just over a minute into the game when he rebounded a missed free throw. He landed on the foot of Duke’s Dereck Lively II and rolled his right ankle, sending him falling to the court and banging his hands on the hardwood in pain.

Omier was helped to the bench, then needed help just to get on his feet before being assisted to the tunnel that leads to the locker room.

Minutes later, Miami announced that Omier would miss the rest of the game. The school later tweeted that Omier had no broken bones.

The 6-foot-7 third-year sophomore came in averaging 14 points and a team-high 9.8 rebounds. He was an All-ACC second-team pick by The Associated Press earlier this week .

The Hurricanes are the top seed for the ACC Tournament. They shared the regular-season title with No. 13 Virginia.

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25FILE - Alabama quarterback Bryce Young (9) warms up on the sidelines during the first half of an NCAA college football game against Mississippi in Oxford, Miss., Saturday, Nov. 12, 2022. The Panthers have traded up to acquire the No. 1 overall pick in the draft from the Chicago Bears in exchange for Carolina's No. 9 and No. 61 overall picks in 2023, a first-round pick in 2024, a second-round pick in 2025 and star wide receiver D.J. Moore, two people familiar with the deal said Friday, March 10, 2023, The people spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the trade had not been announced. The move allows the Panthers to acquire a potential franchise quarterback, although it remains unclear which player the team prefers. (AP Photo/Thomas Graning, File)

FILE - Alabama quarterback Bryce Young (9) warms up on the sidelines during the first half of an NCAA college football game against Mississippi in Oxford, Miss., Saturday, Nov. 12, 2022. The Panthers have traded up to acquire the No. 1 overall pick in the draft from the Chicago Bears in exchange for Carolina's No. 9 and No. 61 overall picks in 2023, a first-round pick in 2024, a second-round pick in 2025 and star wide receiver D.J. Moore, two people familiar with the deal said Friday, March 10, 2023, The people spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the trade had not been announced. The move allows the Panthers to acquire a potential franchise quarterback, although it remains unclear which player the team prefers. (AP Photo/Thomas Graning, File)

CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — The Carolina Panthers are on the clock.

The Panthers have traded up to acquire the No. 1 overall pick in the draft from the Chicago Bears in exchange for Carolina’s No. 9 and No. 61 overall picks in 2023, a first-round pick in 2024, a second-round pick in 2025 and star wide receiver D.J. Moore, two people familiar with the deal said Friday.

The people spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the trade had not been announced. The deal is expected to be announced on Wednesday, when the NFL’s free agency signing period begins.

The move allows the Panthers to acquire a potential franchise quarterback — the sort of player the team has coveted for years — although it remains unclear which QB Carolina prefers. The Bears are committed to Justin Fields at quarterback and that gave them leverage to trade down.

Carolina has its choice of Alabama’s Bryce Young, Ohio State’s CJ Stroud, Kentucky’s Will Levis or Florida’s Anthony Richardson. The Panthers are considering up to three quarterbacks, one of the people familiar with the deal said.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Panthers may not have gotten the QB they wanted if they had stayed at No. 9.

“You go get the guy that you want, you know,” Panthers general manager Scott Fitterer said last week at the scouting combine about potentially trading up for a quarterback. “If you have a conviction on a guy, you go get him. It’s pretty simple that way. If you don’t know and you’re going to give all these resources to go up and get it, you’re hurting your team in the long run. You better be right. You better have conviction if you do move up. When you do that, you’re all in.”

The Panthers have been seeking stability at quarterback since David Tepper bought the team in 2018.

They have tried several starters — including Baker Mayfield, Sam Darnold, Teddy Bridgewater and even bringing back Cam Newton for a second stint. But none of those options has worked out and Carolina hasn’t been to the playoffs since 2017.

This is the first time the Panthers have had the No. 1 pick since 2011, when they drafted Newton. He was MVP of the league in 2015, when he led Carolina to its second Super Bowl appearance.

The Panthers decided against making an offer to free agent Derek Carr with an eye toward selecting a quarterback in the draft. Carr got a four-year, $150 million deal from the division rival New Orleans Saints. The Panthers didn’t want to invest that much in a veteran.

ADVERTISEMENT

Fitterer has repeatedly said in the past that he likes the idea of drafting a QB because it allows for more salary cap flexibility.

The only quarterbacks currently on the Panthers’ roster are last year’s third-round draft pick Matt Corral and Jacob Eason, who saw action in one game as an emergency backup. Darnold and P.J. Walker, who both started at QB last year, are set to become free agents.

New Panthers coach Frank Reich told The Associated Press in February that finding stability at quarterback was “a big deal.”

“It’s a question of getting together with Scott and Mr. Tepper and really having a plan, which we will. We’ve already started talking about that,” Reich said. “But then it is about executing the plan. So I’m looking forward to the process.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Moore gives the Bears a solid receiver to pair with Fields, who lacked reliable downfield options but leaned on his legs and playmaking ability during an electrifying second season. Fields ran for 1,143 yards and the Bears led the league in rushing, but finished at the bottom in passing.

Moore was considered a must-have by the Bears, one of the people familiar with the deal said. Without him, the deal would not have been completed, the person said.

Moore has been Carolina’s top receiver since the Panthers drafted him in the first round in 2018. He has caught 364 passes for 5,201 yards with 21 touchdowns in five seasons.

The Panthers wanted to get the deal done before free agency because they wanted to know how much salary cap space they would have to work with. By trading Moore, the Panthers will free up $10 million under the cap.

ADVERTISEMENT

The departure of Moore leaves the Panthers with a gaping hole at wide receiver, but the team still has a high second-round pick (No. 39 overall) and could also look to address that position in free agency. Terrace Marshall, a former second-round pick, is Carolina’s top remaining receiver. He had 28 receptions for 490 yards and one touchdown last season.

___

AP Pro Football Writer Rob Maaddi and AP Sports Writer Andrew Seligman contributed to this report.

___

AP NFL: https://apnews.com/hub/NFL and https://twitter.com/AP_NFLSerbia's Novak Djokovic returns the ball to Daniil Medvedev during their semi final match of the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Friday, March 2, 2023. (AP Photo/Kamran Jebreili)

Serbia's Novak Djokovic returns the ball to Daniil Medvedev during their semi final match of the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Friday, March 2, 2023. (AP Photo/Kamran Jebreili)

INDIAN WELLS, Calif. (AP) — Top-ranked Novak Djokovic has withdrawn from the upcoming BNP Paribas Open, having lost his bid to enter the United States unvaccinated to play in the Southern California event.

The tournament announced his withdrawal on Sunday night. Play in the combined ATP-WTA event begins Wednesday at Indian Wells Tennis Garden and runs through March 19.

Sen. Rick Scott, R-Fla., said on Twitter that Homeland Security had rejected Djokovic’s vaccine waiver request, which would have allowed him to play back-to-back at Indian Wells and Miami, which runs March 19-April 2.

The U.S. is ending its COVID-19 emergency declaration on May 11, which will allow foreign air travelers to enter the county without being vaccinated.

The 22-time Grand Slam champion lost in the semifinals of the Dubai Tennis Championships on Friday.

With Djokovic out, Nikoloz Basilashvili moved into the Indian Wells draw.

___

AP tennis: https://apnews.com/hub/tennis and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsAtlanta Hawks guard Trae Young (11) shoots between Washington Wizards guard Bradley Beal, forward Kyle Kuzma (33), and center Daniel Gafford (21) during the second half of an NBA basketball game Friday, March 10, 2023, in Washington. The Hawks won 114-107. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon)

Atlanta Hawks guard Trae Young (11) shoots between Washington Wizards guard Bradley Beal, forward Kyle Kuzma (33), and center Daniel Gafford (21) during the second half of an NBA basketball game Friday, March 10, 2023, in Washington. The Hawks won 114-107. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon)

WASHINGTON (AP) — If Atlanta and Washington do meet in the postseason, Trae Young and the Hawks should feel pretty confident after this week.

Young scored 28 points, including a key 3-pointer with 1:17 remaining that helped Atlanta hold off the Wizards 114-107 on Friday night.

The Hawks won in Washington for the second time in three days in what may have been a preview of a play-in round matchup in the Eastern Conference. Atlanta is in eighth place, and the Wizards are a half-game up on Chicago for 10th.

“It’s the end of the year, and teams are supposed to be hitting their strides and connecting and clicking,” Young said. “I think we’re just trying to do that on both ends and not just one end. We’ve just got to keep it going. Took care of our two games here.”

The Hawks led by 13 in the fourth quarter, but Washington made a game of it down the stretch. It was 106-104 when Young connected from long distance to push the lead to five.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Wizards still trailed by just three when Bradley Beal came up empty trying for a quick 2-pointer. Dejounte Murray made two free throws for Atlanta with 12.7 seconds left, and the Hawks closed out the game from there.

“We competed on the defensive end, I think as well as we have, from what I’ve seen in my time here,” said Atlanta coach Quin Snyder, who took over the Hawks late last month. “I was happy with how we competed.”

Beal led Washington with 27 points and Kristaps Porzingis scored 22.

“No moral victories, we’ve got to be a lot better,” Beal said. “We knew and understood the situation, the series coming into tonight, the seeding and what that could do for us. ... Laying eggs. We’ve got to fight through it and these next 15, got to really make a push.”

Atlanta outscored the Wizards 32-21 in the second quarter to take a 56-50 lead into halftime. De’Andre Hunter finished with 18 points for the Hawks and Murray contributed 16.

It was the third game between these teams in 11 days. The Hawks won 122-120 on Wednesday, and the Wizards won 119-116 at Atlanta on Feb. 28.

Before the game, Washington coach Wes Unseld Jr. clearly understood the importance of these head-to-head matchups.

“We’ve talked about it a little bit,” he said. “Every game at this point is probably a higher degree of importance, specifically with where we are in the seeding and where they are.”

ADVERTISEMENT

BEYOND THE ARC

It wasn’t even close from 3-point range, with Atlanta going 15 of 31 and Washington 7 of 27. Young went 6 of 10 and Bogdan Bogdanovic was 4 for 8. Bogdanovic scored 15 points.

“They made theirs, we didn’t make ours,” Beal said. “As crazy as it sounds, probably not as many as we want to shoot. We’ve got to find ways to try to generate them. I think a lot of times we just get stagnant and just watch guys.”

TIP-INS

Hawks: Atlanta had 13 offensive rebounds to Washington’s seven. ... Saddiq Bey scored 14 points and made three 3-pointers.

Wizards: Washington stayed in the game by shooting 36 of 61 (59%) inside the arc. The Wizards outscored Atlanta 60-32 in the paint. ... Kyle Kuzma scored 17 points.

UP NEXT

Hawks: Host Boston on Saturday night.

Wizards: At Philadelphia on Sunday night.

___

Follow Noah Trister at https://twitter.com/noahtrister

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/NBA and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsBrooklyn Nets forward Mikal Bridges (1) works to the basket against Minnesota Timberwolves center Rudy Gobert (27) in the fourth quarter of an NBA basketball game Friday, March 10, 2023, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Bruce Kluckhohn)

Brooklyn Nets forward Mikal Bridges (1) works to the basket against Minnesota Timberwolves center Rudy Gobert (27) in the fourth quarter of an NBA basketball game Friday, March 10, 2023, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Bruce Kluckhohn)

MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Mikal Bridges scored 34 points, fellow Brooklyn newcomer Spencer Dinwiddie came up with a final stop and the Nets outlasted the Minnesota Timberwolves 124-123 in overtime Friday night.

Dinwiddie blocked Mike Conley’s 3-point attempt as time expired to give the Nets their fourth victory in five outings.

Bridges frequently quieted a raucous Target Center crowd, making 4 of 8 3-pointers and 13 of 24 overall shots. Acquired from Phoenix last month in the deal that sent Kevin Durant to the Suns, Bridges has scored 30 or more points in four of his past five games.

“I don’t think anybody knew that Mikal was was this amazing offensively, just being completely real,” Dinwiddie said. “It’s our job to make sure that he can get to his spots and get his shots and continue to shoot, stack up these thirties as much as he possibly can.”

Dinwiddie, acquired from Dallas in the Kyrie Irving trade, had 29 points and 11 assists. Cam Johnson — also part of the trade with Phoenix — recovered from taking a hit to the face to finish with 15 points and eight rebounds, and Royce O’Neale came off the bench and added 12 points and 15 rebounds.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I think our biggest thing is just trying to win,” Bridges said. “If I score four or five, I’m not tripping. I just want to go out there and win.”

The outcome spoiled 26 points from Minnesota big man Rudy Gobert — his most in a Wolves uniform since being acquired in the offseason. Anthony Edwards led Minnesota with 32 points, but missed several key shots down the stretch.

The Wolves shot close to 60% in the first half. Brooklyn adjusted, switching more frequently on pick-and-rolls to cause more disruption.

Minnesota finished 49% from the floor and made just 9 of 30 3-point attempts.

“We really wanted to spread the floor, and if they wanted to post Rudy up for the remainder of the game, we would find a solution for that,” Nets coach Jacque Vaughn said. “But we wanted space for our guys to score.”

Minnesota’s Naz Reid sent it to overtime with a 3-pointer from the top of the key as regulation expired.

The Timberwolves have lost four in a row at home.

“Everybody had a moment,” said Conley, who had 11 points, seven assists, six rebounds and two steals. “We really felt like we played hard enough to win. We just had a couple plays where we had lapses.”

ADVERTISEMENT

SLOWLY BUT SURELY?

Timberwolves star Karl-Anthony Towns missed his 47th straight game with a severely strained calf. He took a small but measurable step forward this week by taking part in some on-court drills with the team’s player development staff. Coach Chris Finch said Towns would likely need several more days of such action before he’s cleared for an actual practice with his teammates.

“He can feel like he’s got the bit in his teeth right now. He probably wants to do a little bit more than he’s actually allowed. That’s good,” Finch said.

RACING TOWARD THE PLAYOFFS

Brooklyn entered the night in sixth place in the Eastern Conference, 2 1/2 games ahead of Miami, which is currently in the first play-in spot. Minnesota finds itself in a similar battle to avoid the first play-in spot in the West, having entered Friday in a three-way tie with Golden State and Dallas for sixth.

ADVERTISEMENT

TIP-INS

Nets: G Ben Simmons has missed nine games with left knee and back soreness. ... After taking a hit to the face and bleeding on the court, Johnson left for treatment briefly during the third period.

Timberwolves: G Jaylen Nowell missed his sixth straight game with a left knee injury Friday. ... G Austin Rivers sat out with back spasms.

UP NEXT

Nets: At Denver on Sunday.

Timberwolves: At Atlanta on Monday night.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/NBA and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsTEMPE, Ariz. (AP) — The Arizona Cardinals signed receiver Greg Dortch to a one-year deal and released veteran linebacker Markus Golden on Friday.

The 24-year-old Dortch — who was an exclusive rights free agent — was one of the bright spots for the Cardinals in a difficult season. The 5-foot-7, 175-pounder had career highs of 52 catches for 467 yards and two touchdowns.

The 31-year-old Golden has played most of his career with the Cardinals in two different stints. He played in all 17 games last season and had 48 tackles and 2 1/2 sacks. He had 11 sacks in 2021.

Releasing Golden frees up about $3 million in cap space.

___

AP NFL: https://apnews.com/hub/NFL and https://twitter.com/AP_NFLMiddle Tennessee forward Kseniya Malashka (5) and Courtney Whitson (33), right, celebrate a three-point shot made by Whitson in the second half of an NCAA college basketball game against UTEP in the semifinals of the Conference USA Tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Frisco, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

Middle Tennessee forward Kseniya Malashka (5) and Courtney Whitson (33), right, celebrate a three-point shot made by Whitson in the second half of an NCAA college basketball game against UTEP in the semifinals of the Conference USA Tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Frisco, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

FRISCO, Texas (AP) — Jalynn Gregory scored 22 points, Kseniya Malashka had 18 points and 14 rebounds and No. 25 Middle Tennessee beat fourth-seeded UTEP 68-62 on Friday to advance to the championship game of the Conference USA Tournament.

Middle Tennessee led for 37 minutes with UTEP’s last lead at 48-47 after N’Yah Boyd scored the opening five points of the fourth quarter.

UTEP forward Elina Arike was left open for a 3-pointer to get within 61-59 but Courtney Whitson answered with a 3-pointer from the corner with 45.2 left. The Miners missed a quick 3-pointer on their next possession and Whitson made 1 of 2 free throws for a six-point lead.

UTEP missed another jumper and Savannah Wheeler made 1 of 2 free throws with 21.8 left. Arike sank a long 3-pointer with to get within four points, but Gregory added two free throws to seal it.

Whitson finished with 18 points for Middle Tennessee (27-4). Wheeler, who entered averaging 15.8 points per game with 28 points on Thursday, finished with one point after going 0 for 7 from the field.

ADVERTISEMENT

Middle Tennessee will face Western Kentucky, a 70-55 winner over University of Texas-San Antonio, in Saturday’s title game.

Malashka, the sixth player of the year, made five of her first eight shots for 12 points as Middle Tennessee build a 25-14 lead. UTEP had just four field goals with seven minutes left in the half, but Boyd converted a three-point play to start a half-closing 13-3 run to get within 32-27.

Arike finished with 23 points and Boyd scored 18 for UTEP (20-11).

___ AP women’s college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/womens-college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-womens-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25UConn head coach Geno Auriemma reacts in the second half of an NCAA college basketball game against Xavier, Monday, Feb. 27, 2023, in Storrs, Conn. (AP Photo/Jessica Hill)

UConn head coach Geno Auriemma reacts in the second half of an NCAA college basketball game against Xavier, Monday, Feb. 27, 2023, in Storrs, Conn. (AP Photo/Jessica Hill)

More March Madness chaos in the women’s NCAA Tournament could be looming on the horizon if the past few months of upsets are any indication.

Upsets haven’t been a hallmark of the women’s tournament. Since 2007, 11 women’s teams seeded 10th or lower have reached the Sweet 16. That’s less than half the number of lower-seeded men’s team that have made that run.

But signs are this year’s tournament is ripe for more surprises.

“The talent is spread out a little bit more now,” UConn coach Geno Auriemma said. “I think this might be one of the more exciting tournaments in recent years.”

This season has been full of eye-popping upsets, including 19 losses by top 10 teams to unranked schools. That was the seventh most in a season since 2000, according to Stats Perform. That continued a trend from the 2021-22 season when there were 24 — the second most over that span.

For the Huskies, it’s already been a historic year — not one they would want to bookmark. Connecticut, beset by injuries for most of the season, lost consecutive games for the first time in 30 years , ending one of the most impressive streaks in sports history. One of those defeats came to unranked Marquette a few days after losing to No. 1 South Carolina — the only unbeaten team heading into the NCAA Tournament.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Gamecocks were the only team immune to the upset bug this season. Dawn Staley’s squad did face challenges, trailing at the half in three contests and by double-digits in a few others.

“Well, until somebody beats South Carolina, they are still undefeated,” Auriemma said of the defending champions. “They’re still the favorite as they should be.”

The Gamecocks are most likely be in the best position to get to the Final Four in Dallas when the NCAA Tournament bracket is revealed on Sunday night. South Carolina will play its opening two games at home and are a lock to be playing the Sweet 16 and Elite Eight games 90 minutes away in Greenville, South Carolina.

The NCAA did its second reveal of the top 16 seeds for the tournament on Feb. 23 and since then only four teams — South Carolina, UConn, Virginia Tech and Iowa — didn’t lose games. It took a last-second shot by Caitlin Clark against Indiana for the Hawkeyes to stay in that group.

ADVERTISEMENT

It wasn’t just the top-ranked teams that were being beaten. Ten regular season conference champions lost in their postseason tournaments, including several that didn’t even make it to the final. With so many favorites falling, the NCAA Tournament selection committee faces some difficult decisions.

“As challenging as it makes it for us, it’s good for the game,” selection committee chair Lisa Peterson said in a phone interview with The Associated Press. “The only thing we can agree on right away is the number one overall seed. The upsets have inspired a lot more in-depth conversations. There’s so many things that have happened in the last few weeks that are exciting for the game.”

Last season the Creighton women’s team made a run to the regional final as a 10-seed. That was only the fifth time a double-digit seed had made it that far. Auriemma thinks that could happen more often with the right draw.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Where you’re seeded may be important, but who’s bracket you’re in and if you catch the wrong team at the wrong time could change it,” he said. “Years ago that didn’t matter as much as the favorites just rolled through.”

__

AP women’s college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/womens-college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-womens-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25INDIAN WELLS, Calif. (AP) — Brandon Nakashima took advantage of two double-faults by John Isner in an error-filled game to collect the match’s only service break and went on to reach the second round at the BNP Paribas Open with a 7-6 (7), 6-3 victory in the all-American contest Wednesday.

Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes was in the stands as play got started at the year’s first Masters 1000 event, a combined tournament for women and men.

Nakashima, a 21-year-old from San Diego, saved one set point for 2018 Wimbledon semifinalist Isner, who is 37, en route to grabbing the opening tiebreaker. And Nakashima, who won the ATP Next Gen Finals last year, broke to lead 4-2 in the second set after nearly 1 1/2 hours of play, taking his four points in that game via that pair of double-faults, one forehand by Isner that found the net tape and didn’t make it over, and another that sailed long.

ADVERTISEMENT

Isner, the 2012 runner-up at Indian Wells, double-faulted seven times, part of his total of 25 unforced errors — 18 more than Nakashima. Next up for the 48th-ranked Nakashima is the tough task of facing 2022 U.S. Open champion and former No. 1 Daniil Medvedev, who is on a 14-match winning streak and won the past three tournaments he entered.

That run of success includes a win over Novak Djokovic, the 22-time Grand Slam champion not in the field at Indian Wells because he can’t travel to the United States as a foreign citizen not vaccinated against COVID-19. The player Djokovic shares the record with for most majors won by a man, Rafael Nadal, also isn’t in the desert; he has been sidelined since injuring his left hip flexor at the Australian Open.

Medvedev, like other seeded players, received a first-round bye.

On Wednesday night, Gael Monfils — a 36-year-old two-time Grand Slam semifinalist — lost 6-3, 6-1 to Jordan Thompson in the Frenchman’s first match since being sidelined by a right foot injury he sustained last August.

In other Day 1 action, Evgeniya Rodina, a 34-year-old who is ranked 427th and had played just one tour-level match in 2023, beat 68th-ranked Alizé Cornet 6-2, 7-5; 67th-ranked Wang Xinyu beat 37th-ranked Elise Mertens 6-3, 6-1; wild-card entry Dayana Yastremska defeated Anna Bondar 6-3, 6-4; Aliaksandra Sasnovich got past Kaia Kanepi 6-3, 7-6 (5); Anna Blinkova beat Ann Li 6-1, 6-2; and 18-year-old Linda Noskova defeated Irina-Camelia Begu 7-6 (7), 6-1.

ADVERTISEMENT

Shelby Rogers was a 6-4, 4-6, 6-1 winner in an all-American matchup against wild-card entry Katie Volynets; qualifier Lesia Tsurenko beat Zhu Lin 6-4, 6-3; and Camila Giorgi picked up a 6-3, 6-3 victory over qualifier Arantxa Rus.

Marta Kostyuk of Ukraine, who is coming off her first career WTA title at Austin, Texas on Sunday, was beaten 7-5, 5-7, 7-5 by qualifier Rebecca Peterson.

In men’s matches, Marcos Giron, who won an NCAA singles title for UCLA, eliminated Aleksandar Kovacevic 6-3, 7-5; Ugo Humbert beat Bernabe Zapata Miralles 6-2, 7-6 (6); Jason Kubler edged Lorenzo Sonego 6-4, 7-6 (4); and Oscar Otte defeated Laslo Djere 6-3, 7-5.

ADVERTISEMENT

Wild-card entry Wu Yibing, whose title at Dallas last month made him the first Chinese player to win an ATP singles trophy, pulled out a 6-7 (6), 6-0, 7-6 (3) win against Jaume Munar; qualifier Taro Daniel beat Roberto Carballes Baena 6-1, 7-5 to set up a meeting with 2021 Wimbledon finalist Matteo Berrettini; qualifier Cristian Garin defeated Daniel Galan 6-4, 6-2; and Australian Open quarterfinalist Jiri Lehecka eliminated Arthur Rinderknech 7-6 (4), 7-5.

___

AP tennis: https://apnews.com/hub/tennis and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) — Walter Clayton Jr. had 22 points in Iona’s 71-59 victory over Niagara on Friday night in the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Tournament.

The top-seeded Gaels will face No. 11 Marist in Saturday’s championship game.

Clayton had six rebounds for the Gaels (27-7). Nelly Junior Joseph scored 16 points while going 7 of 11 and 2 of 3 from the free throw line, and added six rebounds. Daniss Jenkins recorded 14 points and was 4 of 11 shooting, including 1 for 4 from distance, and went 5 for 6 from the line. It was the 13th straight victory for the Gaels.

Aaron Gray finished with 18 points for the Purple Eagles (16-15). Noah Thomasson added 15 points and three steals for Niagara. Braxton Bayless also had nine points and two steals.

___

The Associated Press created this story using technology provided by Data Skrive and data from Sportradar .Roma's head coach Jose Mourinho gives directions to his players during the Europa League soccer match between Roma and Real Sociedad at Rome's Olympic stadium, Thursday, March 9, 2023. (AP Photo/Gregorio Borgia)

Roma's head coach Jose Mourinho gives directions to his players during the Europa League soccer match between Roma and Real Sociedad at Rome's Olympic stadium, Thursday, March 9, 2023. (AP Photo/Gregorio Borgia)

ROME (AP) — Roma coach José Mourinho’s appeal against a two-match suspension was rejected on Friday, meaning he will be forced to watch the Serie A derby against Lazio from the stands.

Mourinho was banned after being sent off in Roma’s surprise loss to Cremonese at the end of last month. An appeal court suspended its decision until after hearing from the fourth official, allowing Mourinho to be on the bench for his team’s 1-0 win over Juventus last weekend.

However, the court has rejected the appeal. Mourinho will miss Sunday’s home match against Sassuolo and next week’s crucial match against city rival Lazio.

Roma and Lazio are in a tight battle for Champions League spots, with third-placed Lazio a point ahead of Mourinho’s team.

The Portuguese coach was also fined 10,000 euros ($10,600).

Mourinho was sent off at the end of the first half of Roma’s loss to Cremonese for vehement protests to the officials. He continued to argue after being red-carded, and at the end of the match went into the officials’ changing room, where he insulted the fourth official.

ADVERTISEMENT

Mourinho insisted he was insulted first by fourth official Marco Serra and that prompted his response and dismissal.

Italian media report Roma has declared a media blackout until the end of the Serie A in protest, barring its players and staff from speaking to journalists.

They will still be forced to speak around Europa League matches as that is contractually obliged by UEFA.

___ More AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/Soccer and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsPhiladelphia 76ers' Joel Embiid reacts after the 76ers won an NBA basketball game against the Portland Trail Blazers, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

Philadelphia 76ers' Joel Embiid reacts after the 76ers won an NBA basketball game against the Portland Trail Blazers, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Joel Embiid made a fade-away jumper from the foul line with 1.1 seconds left to give the Philadelphia 76ers a 120-119 comeback victory over the Portland Trail Blazers on Friday night.

Embiid scored 39 points, shaking off a double-team from Jusuf Nurkic and Damian Lillard on the winner. The basket gave Philadelphia its first lead of the game they trailed by 21 points late in the first half as Embiid — arms extended toward the sky — basked in the glow of the sellout crowds’ chants of “M-V-P! M-V-P!”

“As I dribbled, I knew I had to step back,” Embiid said. “But I knew that I had to get to my spot, which is in that area. That’s a perfect spot from my previous years. At the top of the key, the court is wide open because guys don’t want to give up threes.”

Portland’s last-second attempt after a timeout was tipped away on the inbound play, with Lillard’s shot coming after the horn. It marked the third time this season that the 76ers (44-22) were able to rally from 20 points down.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Down 20, guys could have been saying the game is over and we moved on to the next one,” Embiid said. “But these guys keep on fighting. But we have to stop putting ourselves in these position.”

James Harden added 19 points for Philadelphia despite struggling from the floor. Tyrese Maxey and DeAnthony Melton each had 13 to help the 76ers win their fourth straight game.

“It was not the prettiest win, but we’ll take it,” Harden said.

Anfernee Simons led Portland with 34 points on 8-of-12 shooting from 3-point range. Jeremi Grant had 24 points and Lillard 22.

“We played a tough game and we played physical,” Lillard said. “Defensively, we got stops. When you play against a good team, it’s going to come down to those possessions at both ends of the floor. And I thought we competed. We had a lot of good possessions.”

Simons was a game-time decision coming into the night after missing seven of Portland’s last eight games because of sprained right ankle sprain. He was 5 of 6 on 3s in the first half as Portland hit 26 of its first 38 shots from the floor to build a 21-point lead.

“For the most part, we had a great game,” Simons said. “They had a little run, but we played hard and we did everything we needed to do to win the game.”

ADVERTISEMENT

After surrendering 71 points in the first half, Philadelphia made a defensive switch at the start of the second half with Embiid moving to a roving mode out to the perimeter and P.J. Tucker anchoring the middle as the center. In the second half, Portland shot 4 of 17 from 3-point 5range after shooting 11 for 19 in the first half.

“The trapping was effective and trapped Lillard everywhere,” Philadelphia coach Doc Rivers said. “You can’t trap Lillard and Simons when they are both on the floor, but you can trap Simons when Lillard was off. I thought that was very effective.”

TIP-INS

Trail Blazers: Matisse Thybulle — who was traded from Philadelphia to Portland as part of a three-team trade at the Feb. 9 trade deadline — made his return to Wells Fargo Center. He had five points in 19 minutes.

ADVERTISEMENT

76ers: The game was the sixth in the last eight games that Philadelphia has allowed better than 40% shooting from beyond the 3-point arc. The Sixers entered the game with the sixth-best defensive 3-point field goal percentage defense at 35.1%.

UP NEXT

Trail Blazers: At New Orleans on Sunday night to complete six-game trip.

76ers: Host Washington on Sunday night.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsFRISCO, Texas (AP) — Jordan Walker scored 32 points and UAB beat North Texas 76-69 on Friday night in the Conference USA Tournament for its eighth straight victory.

Walker also had six rebounds and six assists for the Blazers (25-8). KJ Buffen scored 13 points and added seven rebounds. Javian Davis shot 3 of 4 from the field and 5 for 7 from the line to finish with 11 points.

Tylor Perry led the way for the Mean Green (26-7) with 17 points. Kai Huntsberry added 14 points, four assists and two steals for North Texas. Aaron Scott also put up 13 points, 13 rebounds and two blocks.

___

The Associated Press created this story using technology provided by Data Skrive and data from Sportradar .NORFOLK, Va. (AP) — Joe Bryant Jr. scored 23 points, 10 in the overtime, as Norfolk State beat North Carolina Central 72-65 on Friday in the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference Tournament semifinals.

Norfolk State, the tournament’s No. 3 seed, will face top-seeded Howard in Saturday’s championship game.

Bryant added 10 rebounds for the Spartans (20-10). Kris Bankston added 20 points while shooting 7 of 9 from the field and 5 for 6 from the line, and he also had eight rebounds. Caheim Brown was 2 of 4 shooting and 8 of 11 from the free throw line to finish with 12 points, while adding seven rebounds.

The Eagles (17-11) were led by Justin Wright, who posted 13 points, seven rebounds and four assists. North Carolina Central also got 13 points from Kris Monroe. Eric Boone also had 11 points, six rebounds and three steals. The Eagles broke a six-game winning streak with the loss.

Dana Tate scored eight points in the first half for Norfolk State, who led 22-20 at halftime. Norfolk State was outscored by two points in the second half and the teams finished regulation tied 58-58. Bryant shot 2 of 2 from the field and 6 for 6 from the line on the way to his 10 points in the overtime.

___

The Associated Press created this story using technology provided by Data Skrive and data from Sportradar .Middle Tennessee forward Kseniya Malashka (5) works to the basket against UTEP forward Elina Arike, right, in the first half of an NCAA college basketball game in the semifinals of the Conference USA Tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Frisco, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

Middle Tennessee forward Kseniya Malashka (5) works to the basket against UTEP forward Elina Arike, right, in the first half of an NCAA college basketball game in the semifinals of the Conference USA Tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Frisco, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

FRISCO, Texas (AP) — Jalynn Gregory scored 22 points, Kseniya Malashka had 18 points and 14 rebounds and No. 25 Middle Tennessee beat fourth-seeded UTEP 68-62 on Friday to advance to the championship game of the Conference USA Tournament.

Middle Tennessee led for 37 minutes with UTEP’s last lead at 48-47 after N’Yah Boyd scored the first five points of the fourth quarter.

Middle Tennessee will face Western Kentucky, a 70-55 winner over University of Texas-San Antonio, in Saturday’s title game.

Courtney Whitson finished with 18 points for Middle Tennessee (27-4). Savannah Wheeler, who entered averaging 15.8 points per game with 28 points on Thursday, finished with one point after going 0 for 7 from the field.

Elina Arike finished with 23 points and Boyd scored 18 for UTEP (20-11).

NO. 14 OKLAHOMA 77, TCU 76

KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Skylar Vann scored 21 points, including the game-winning layup with 2.2 seconds left and Oklahoma avoided possibly the biggest upset in Big 12 Tournament history with its quarterfinal round win.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Horned Frogs appeared poised to be the first 10th-seed to ever beat a two-seed when Lucy Ibeh scored inside with 4.8 seconds to play. But after a timeout, Taylor Robertson threw a deep inbounds pass to Vann, who was set up on the right side of the lane, and she spun to her right and went across the lane for the basket.

Robertson made 5-of-6 3-pointers and scored 17 points for the Sooners (25-5), who will face Iowa State, a 74-63 winner over Baylor, in the semifinals on Saturday. Aubrey Joens came off the bench to score 15 points.

Ibeh had 24 points for the Horned Frogs (8-23), who went 1-17 in league playing. The game was also the last for TCU coach Reagan Pebley, who announced last week she was stepping down after nine seasons.

NO. 15 TEXAS 60, KANSAS STATE 42

KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — DeYona Gaston scored 12 points and Texas dispatched Kansas State in the quarterfinals of the Big 12 Tournament.

The Longhorns (24-8) will face fourth-seeded Oklahoma State in a semifinal game on Saturday.

Jaelyn Glenn led the Wildcats (17-16) with 15 points. Through three quarters they were shooting 25% (9 of 35) but went 7 of 14 in the fourth with three of their four 3-pointers.

___

AP women’s college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/womens-college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-womens-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25No. 6 Marquette holds off No. 11 UConn in Big East semifinal

The Marquette bench reacts after Olivier-Maxence Prosper (12) scores three points in the second half of an NCAA college basketball game against Connecticut during the semifinals of the Big East conference tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in New York. (AP Photo/John Minchillo)

The Marquette bench reacts after Olivier-Maxence Prosper (12) scores three points in the second half of an NCAA college basketball game against Connecticut during the semifinals of the Big East conference tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in New York. (AP Photo/John Minchillo)

NEW YORK (AP) — After 18 years in the Big East, Marquette has finally made it to Saturday night at Madison Square Garden.

Tyler Kolek and David Joplin each scored 17 points, and the sixth-ranked Golden Eagles moved into the Big East championship game for the first time by holding off No. 11 UConn 70-68 on Friday night.

Marquette will face No. 15 Xavier for the title Saturday night. The second-seeded Musketeers blew out third-seeded Creighton, 82-60.

Operating with three key players on the bench in foul trouble for a large chunk of time down the stretch, the top-seeded Golden Eagles (27-6) opened a four-point lead on a 3-pointer by Olivier-Maxence Prosper with 3:39 left and then held on at a raucous MSG.

“At one point, I looked out, and we got a bunch of freshmen and sophomores out there fighting, battling, scratching for their lives,” coach Shaka Smart said. “These guys didn’t blink. They were lost in a fight the entire night. It was a ton of fun to watch.”

ADVERTISEMENT

UConn had a chance to tie or win in the final 10 seconds, but coach Dan Hurley elected not to call a timeout as his team brought the ball across halfcourt.

Jordan Hawkins missed badly on a contested, desperation 3 at the buzzer — and Smart jumped high and pumped his fist in celebration.

“It felt like a lot of people were giving UConn the game coming in. And there was comments made about who owns The Garden and that kind of stuff,” Smart said. “And, you know, we said wait a minute, we won this league. So we’re not taking a back seat to anybody.”

Marquette limited the fourth-seeded Huskies (25-8) to two points over the final 3:50 and kept them scoreless for the last 2 1/2 minutes, winning for the first time in four semifinal appearances at the Big East Tournament since joining the league in 2005.

Kam Jones added 14 points and Prosper scored 11 for the Golden Eagles.

Adama Sanogo had 19 points and 11 rebounds to pace the Huskies, who had won six straight and nine of 10.

“We came into this being one of the hottest teams in the country. We’re not going to let one game set us back,” said forward Alex Karaban, who scored 10 points.

Marquette, the top seed in this tournament for the first time, has won eight in a row for the first time since the 2018-19 season.

ADVERTISEMENT

Kolek, Joplin and Golden Eagles starting forward Oso Ighodaro were all sitting with four fouls for a while before getting back in the game with a little more than two minutes remaining. Marquette didn’t score for the final 3 1/2 minutes, but still managed to hang on.

“It’s a testament to the depth that we have on our team,” Smart said. “These guys, if you cut them open, you’ll find inside them championship DNA.”

Hawkins, averaging 16.5 points per game, was held to five on 2-for-11 shooting – including 1 of 8 from beyond the arc.

“That was the defensive key to the game,” Smart said.

Joey Calcaterra had a good look for UConn at a potential go-ahead 3 from the corner with 41 seconds left, but it bounced off the rim.

“It felt like a Sweet 16 type of game, Elite Eight type of game,” Hurley said. “We’re going to get our minds right very quickly and get ready to make a run next week.”

ADVERTISEMENT

When the Huskies trimmed a 10-point deficit to four in the second half, a screaming, fired-up Hurley came flying onto the court at a timeout, waving his arms to urge on rocking UConn fans. Jones was jawing nose-to-nose with Sanogo right in the middle of Connecticut’s forming huddle before an official came zipping in to break it up.

UConn tied it at 60 on a 3 by Calcaterra with 9:22 left, and again at 64 on Karaban’s putback with 6:34 to go.

Chase Ross drained a tiebreaking 3 for Marquette with 6:13 to play, and the Huskies never pulled even again.

Kolek, the Big East Player of the Year, had 14 points and four assists in a first half that featured eight lead changes and four ties. The teams went into the break even at 38-all.

“This is going to be rough,” Hurley said. “It’s going to be a really terrible mental and emotional hangover I would imagine until Sunday.”

BIG PICTURE

ADVERTISEMENT

UConn: Fell to 10-5 in Big East semifinal games, but is certainly playing well heading into the NCAA Tournament and appears talented enough to make a run to the Final Four.

“We’re going to bounce back for sure next week,” Sanogo said.

Marquette: Has won 13 of 14 overall. The school’s only league tournament crown came in 1997, with four wins in four days at the Conference USA championship in St. Louis.

UP NEXT

Marquette split two close matchups with Xavier during the regular season.

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25Jordan Thompson, of Australia, returns a shot to Stefanos Tsitsipas, of Greece, at the BNP Paribas Open tennis tournament Friday, March 10, 2023, in Indian Wells, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

Jordan Thompson, of Australia, returns a shot to Stefanos Tsitsipas, of Greece, at the BNP Paribas Open tennis tournament Friday, March 10, 2023, in Indian Wells, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

INDIAN WELLS, Calif. (AP) — Stefanos Tsitsipas was beaten 7-6 (0), 4-6, 7-6 (5) by Aussie Jordan Thompson in second-round play at the BNP Paribas Open on Friday.

The second-seeded Tsitsipas had his shoulder taped and the injury appeared to affect his backhand.

Jordan took advantage and attacked the Greek’s backhand while charging in on short balls to earn his second career win over a top-10 player.

He polished off Tsitsipas, the Australian Open runner-up, in two hours, 37 minutes.

“I felt confident, even playing against a top-10 player I felt comfortable in my own skin and what I was doing, and just snuck out a win,” Jordan said. “It was a great feeling. You could see it on my face at the end of the match. I was overcome with joy.”

Rain delayed play at Indian Wells Tennis Garden and a few fans jumped into action to help dry the hardcourts.

No. 3 seed Casper Ruud cruised past Diego Schwartzman 6-2, 6-3. Ruud raced to a 4-1 lead in the first set and won the only break point on his serve with a forehand that clipped the line.

ADVERTISEMENT

No. 10 seed Cameron Norrie advanced to the third round with a 6-2, 6-4 win over qualifier Wu Tung-Lin of Taiwan.

A handful of seeded men fell. Jason Kubler moved on when No. 21 Grigor Dimitrov retired trailing 2-6, 7-6 (5), 3-0. No. 22 Roberto Bautista Agut lost to Emil Ruusuvuori, 7-6 (5), 6-2. Ilya Ivashka advanced when No. 28 Botic Van de Zandschulp had to retire trailing 7-5, 3-2. No. 29 Yoshihito Nishioka fell to qualifier Cristian Garin, 6-4, 6-0.

In women’s play, No. 2 Aryna Sabalenka defeated Evgeniya Rodina, 6-2, 6-0.

No. 6 Coco Gauff routed Cristina Bucsa, 6-2, 6-4.

No. 9 Belinda Bencic lost to Jil Teichmann, 3-6, 6-3, 6-3, and No. 29 Donna Vekic was beaten by Lesia Tsurenko, 2-6, 6-2, 6-2.

No. 11 Veronika Kudermetova defeated Anna Blinkova, 6-3, 6-4. Sixteenth-seeded Barbora Krejcikova beat Dayana Yastremska, 6-1, 6-2. No. 24 Jelena Ostapenko got by Aliaksandra Sasnovich, 7-5, 3-6, 6-2.

Rebecca Peterson moved on when No. 22 Zhang Shuai retired at 3-0 in the first set.

___

AP tennis: https://apnews.com/hub/tennis and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsDucks rally to beat Flames 3-1 for 5th win in 8 games

Anaheim Ducks' Derek Grant (38) runs into Calgary Flames goalie Jacob Markstrom (25) during third-period NHL hockey game action in Calgary, Alberta, Friday, March 10, 2023. (Larry MacDougal/The Canadian Press via AP)

Anaheim Ducks' Derek Grant (38) runs into Calgary Flames goalie Jacob Markstrom (25) during third-period NHL hockey game action in Calgary, Alberta, Friday, March 10, 2023. (Larry MacDougal/The Canadian Press via AP)

CALGARY, Alberta (AP) — Max Comtois and Derek Grant each had a goal and an assist as the Anaheim Ducks rallied to beat the Calgary Flames 3-1 on Friday night.

Brett Leason also scored and John Gibson stopped 34 shots to help the Ducks win for the fifth time in eight games (5-1-2).

Mikael Backlund scored for Calgary and Jacob Markstrom finished with 15 saves. The Flames snapped a two-game win streak and lost for the sixth time in eight games (2-4-2).

Calgary remained four points behind Winnipeg for the second wild card in the Western Conference.

PANTHERS 4, BLACKHAWKS 3, OT

SUNRISE, Fla. (AP) — Brandon Montour scored at 2:43 of overtime to lift Florida.

Eetu Luostarinen had a goal and an assist, and Sam Bennett and Sam Reinhart also scored, and Matthew Tkachuk had three assists for the Panthers, who have won three straight. Sergei Bobrovsky finished with 21 saves.

Caleb Jones, Cole Guttman and Boris Katchouk scored goals, and Jujhar Khaira had two assists for the Blackhawks, who lost for the sixth time in seven games. Petr Mrazek stopped 39 shots.

___

AP NHL: https://apnews.com/hub/nhl and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsFORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — DeAndre Williams’ 35 points led Memphis over UCF 81-76 on Friday night in the American Athletic Conference Tournament quarterfinals.

Williams added 13 rebounds for the Tigers (23-8). Kendric Davis added 33 points while shooting 10 for 16 (5 for 7 from 3-point range) and 8 of 9 from the free throw line, and he also had seven assists and three blocks. Chandler Lawson finished 1 of 4 from the field to finish with four points, while adding six rebounds.

CJ Kelly led the Knights (17-13) in scoring, finishing with 28 points and seven rebounds. Darius Johnson added 15 points and four assists for UCF. Michael Durr also had 10 points, eight rebounds and two blocks.

Davis’ 21-point second half helped Memphis finish off the five-point victory.

___

The Associated Press created this story using technology provided by Data Skrive and data from Sportradar .FILE - Los Angeles Rams linebacker Leonard Floyd answers questions during a news conference after the NFL football team's practice, June 1, 2022, in Thousand Oaks, Calif. The Rams released pass-rushing linebacker Floyd on Friday, March 10, 2023, after three productive seasons. (AP Photo/Ringo H.W. Chiu, File)

FILE - Los Angeles Rams linebacker Leonard Floyd answers questions during a news conference after the NFL football team's practice, June 1, 2022, in Thousand Oaks, Calif. The Rams released pass-rushing linebacker Floyd on Friday, March 10, 2023, after three productive seasons. (AP Photo/Ringo H.W. Chiu, File)

LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Los Angeles Rams released pass-rushing linebacker Leonard Floyd on Friday in a cost-cutting move after three productive seasons.

Floyd led the Rams last season with nine sacks while making 59 tackles, including 10 for loss. He had 29 total sacks and never missed a game as a capable pass-rushing partner to Aaron Donald, Von Miller and others during three seasons with Los Angeles, which signed him as a free agent in April 2020.

Floyd agreed to a four-year contract extension with $32.5 million guaranteed in March 2021 before the Rams’ run to their Super Bowl championship, but he was released two years later as part of the team’s moves to squeeze under the salary cap. Los Angeles has already announced the release of linebacker Bobby Wagner, who was outstanding alongside Floyd and Donald in his only season with the Rams.

The Rams made attempts to trade Floyd without success in recent days, and his release should clear about $3 million in cap room and free up cash for new signings while creating $19 million in dead money.

ADVERTISEMENT

Floyd has known his departure was imminent for several days. On Monday morning, he tweeted: “Shout out to LA Super Bowl Champs for life. It’s all love.”

The 30-year-old Floyd began his career with the Chicago Bears, who chose him with the ninth overall pick in 2016. He hasn’t missed a game in the past five seasons, and he has 47 1/2 career sacks.

The Rams are very thin at edge-rushing linebacker behind Floyd, who also performed well as a run defender. Unsung Michael Hoecht and Daniel Hardy are next on the depth chart, likely meaning Los Angeles will seek additional talent at the position in free agency and in the draft.

___

AP NFL: https://apnews.com/hub/NFL and https://twitter.com/AP_NFLThis photo provided by the Consumer Product Safety Commission shows YETI Hopper M20 Soft Backpack Cooler. U.S. product regulators said Thursday, March 9, 2023, that Yeti has recalled 1.9 million coolers and gear cases because magnets can come detached from them, posing a risk of serious injury or death. The Consumer Product Safety Commission said consumers should immediately stop using the four recalled products and contact Yeti for refund information. (Consumer Product Safety Commission via AP)

This photo provided by the Consumer Product Safety Commission shows YETI Hopper M20 Soft Backpack Cooler. U.S. product regulators said Thursday, March 9, 2023, that Yeti has recalled 1.9 million coolers and gear cases because magnets can come detached from them, posing a risk of serious injury or death. The Consumer Product Safety Commission said consumers should immediately stop using the four recalled products and contact Yeti for refund information. (Consumer Product Safety Commission via AP)

U.S. product regulators said Thursday that Yeti has recalled 1.9 million coolers and gear cases because magnets can come detached from them, posing a risk of serious injury or death.

The Consumer Product Safety Commission said consumers should immediately stop using the four recalled products and contact Yeti for refund information.

The closures on the recalled products can fail, resulting in detached magnets, the CPSC said. If swallowed, two or more high-powered magnets can attract to each other or to another metal object and get stuck in the digestive system. The CPSC said if that happens, it can cause perforations, twisting and blockage of the intestines, potentially resulting in infection, blood poisoning and death.

The products being recalled are the Sidekick dry gear case, M20 soft backpack cooler and M30 soft cooler, version 1.0 and 2.0.

The coolers and gear bags were sold at Dick’s Sporting Goods, Ace Hardware, Academy Sports and Outdoors, Yeti and other stores, including Amazon, from March 2018 to January 2023. The gear case sells for about $50 and the coolers for between $300 and $350.

ADVERTISEMENT

The firm has received 1,399 reports of the magnet-lined closures degrading or failing, including reports of missing or detached magnets. No magnet ingestions or injuries have been reported.

Consumers can contact Yeti toll-free at 833-444-3151 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Sunday. The Austin, Texas company can also be contact by email at productrecall (at) yeti.com or online at https://stg.yeti.com/M20-M30-sidekick-product-recall.html or at www.yeti.com. Consumers should click on “Product Recall” at the bottom of the page for details.

More than 40,000 of the recalled products were sold in Canada.

Shares in Yeti were down about 1.5% in midday trading Thursday.NEW YORK (AP) — Jockey Manny Franco rode five winners on Friday’s eight-race card at Aqueduct, two months after he bagged a six-win day at the New York racetrack.

The 28-year-old jockey from Puerto Rico swept the first four races on the card, riding the favorite in three of those races. Franco returned to win the sixth in a photo finish.

He leads the jockeys’ standings with 56 victories at the winter meet. His six wins on Jan. 6 tied a New York Racing Association record.

“It means a lot to me. Every win here is special,” Franco said. “It’s hard to get a win, especially here in New York.”

___

AP sports: https://apnews.com/hub/sports and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsNASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Missouri extended first-year basketball coach Dennis Gates ′ contract another year through the 2028-29 season, announcing the deal Friday night soon after he guided the Tigers to their first semifinal berth at the Southeastern Conference Tournament.

University officials said its board unanimously approved the extension Thursday. The deal was made public shortly after No. 25 Missouri beat 17th-ranked Tennessee 79-71 in the SEC quarterfinals in Nashville.

Michael Williams, chair of Missouri’s board of curators, said Gates talked of building a championship culture when hired in March 2022.

“He is an individual with high standards and a clear vision for our student-athletes,” Williams said in a statement. “It has been an exceptional season, and the Board is very excited to witness our program build on this success.”

Gates has led the Tigers to a 24-8 record and the No. 4 seed in the SEC Tournament. They next play Alabama on Saturday — the first time Missouri has made it into the conference semifinals since joining the league in 2012.

ADVERTISEMENT

The new deal extends Gates’ contract by a season and raises his annual salary to $4 million for the 2023-24 season. He’ll receive $100,000 increase each season throughout the new contract.

Gates thanked the board, university president Mun Choi and athletic director Desireé Reed-Francois and said he wouldn’t want to be anywhere else.

He already has posted one of the best debuts by a Missouri head coach with his 24 wins second-most for a first-year coach. The Tigers were picked to finish 11th in the SEC preseason poll only to match its best record since joining this league in July 2012.

Missouri averaged 11,377 fans per game, fourth-best in the SEC and a 62.6% increase from the previous season. That’s the best among Power Six schools.

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25San Diego State guard Matt Bradley (20) walks down the court near San Jose State forward Trey Anderson (15) during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game in the semifinals of the Mountain West Conference tournament Friday, March 10, 2023, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Ronda Churchill)

San Diego State guard Matt Bradley (20) walks down the court near San Jose State forward Trey Anderson (15) during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game in the semifinals of the Mountain West Conference tournament Friday, March 10, 2023, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Ronda Churchill)

LAS VEGAS (AP) — Keshad Johnson and Darrion Trammell each scored 15 points and No. 20 San Diego State beat San Jose State 64-49 in the Mountain West Conference Tournament semifinals on Friday night.

The top-seeded Aztecs (26-6) advanced to the championship game for the sixth consecutive year. They will face the winner of the late semifinal between Utah State and Boise State.

The Aztecs shot 40.7% from the floor, hitting 22 of 54, including 6 of 16 from 3-point range.

“We’re just a team that got a great chemistry,” said Johnson, who made 6 of 7 shots. “And it’s March so we all know where each other going to be at, and that’s just shown on the court.”

Trammell bounced back after missing all five of his shots in Thursday’s quarterfinal win over Colorado State.

“My teammates and my coaches, they’ve been telling me just keep shooting, just keep going, keep going,” Trammell said. “They put the ultimate trust in me, so I appreciate that from them.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Tibet Gorener scored 15 points for San Jose State (20-13).

The Aztecs held the Spartans to 19 of 55 shooting (34.5%), including 5 of 19 from 3-point range (26.3%). It was San Jose State’s fourth-worst shooting performance of the season.

“All these guys will tell you when they come to San Diego State they’re told, ‘You defend at a high level. If you don’t like playing defense, don’t come to this program, and then we’ll let you play with great freedom offensively,’” San Diego State coach Brian Dutcher said. “So we play hard on defense, and that’s why we’ve always had the success we’ve had. We defend and we rebound. Then we play with great freedom on offense, and we make enough shots to win games.”

In two meetings this season, San Diego State held the Spartans to an average of 50 points on 34.6% shooting.

“San Diego State is elite defensively,” San Jose State coach Tim Miles said. “We just weren’t at our best but they’re a big reason for that. They’re strong all across the board. Then they’re together. They really work hard together. They’re connected defensively especially.”

After briefly falling behind by one early in the game, the Aztecs erupted for an 18-4 run to take a 25-12 lead with 2:59 left in the first half and weren’t threatened from there.

ADVERTISEMENT

WHAT HAPPENS IN VEGAS

San Diego State won its 44th game at the Thomas & Mack Center since the start of the 2008-09 season, the most victories by any team in the country in any venue in which it has not played a home game.

SPARTAN SUCCESS

The Spartans enjoyed their first 20-win season since the 1980-81 campaign, including the program’s first-ever tournament victory in Thursday’s quarterfinal.

“We’re not done yet, we’re going to be in a postseason tournament,” Miles said.

BIG PICTURE

San Jose State: Leading scorer Omari Moore, who came in averaging 17.8 points per game on 43.2% shooting, finished with seven points on 3-of-13 shooting.

San Diego State: The Aztecs are 41-17 all-time in the Mountain West tournament, with the most tournament wins by any team in league history.

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25CHRISTCHURCH, New Zealand (AP) — Daryl Mitchell rallied the tail with a superb century and Matt Henry blasted 72 from 75 balls as New Zealand achieved an improbable first-innings lead over Sri Lanka Saturday on the third day of the first cricket test.

Led by Mitchell and Henry with help from the inimitable Neil Wagner, New Zealand eked out a lead of 18. At stumps Sri Lanka was 83-3, a lead of 65 with Angelo Mathews 20 not out.

New Zealand began the day at 162-5, 193 runs behind Sri Lanka with Mitchell on 40 left to do his best with the tailenders.

There was no expectation at Hagley Park that New Zealand had any chance of doing more than paring back the deficit that existed after Sri Lanka’s exceptional first innings of 355.

Mitchell’s overnight partner Michael Bracewell fell at the end of a sedate first hour but captain Tim Southee gave an indication that tail was going to go down fighting when he struck 25 from 20 balls. Even when he was out, New Zealand 120 behind.

ADVERTISEMENT

Mitchell continued to play the steadying hand with a half century in three hours and a century — his fifth and first against Sri Lanka — from 187 balls.

“It’s always nice to get a hundred for your country and to do it in a situation in which we needed it was cool,” Mitchell said. “It was nice to put a team score on the board and for the boys to bowl the way they did tonight was awesome.”

Mitchell’s solidity gave license to other New Zealanders to hit out and Henry took full advantage. After a quiet beginning he went on the attack and struck 72 — his fifth half century — from 75 balls.

Henry blasted 10 fours and three sixes and after Mitchell was out for 102, Wagner joined in and stuck three more sixes. With each hefty blow the deficit fell: in the space of four balls at the end of the 102nd over and start of the 103rd, Henry and Wagner hit three sixes and a four. The deficit which had been 54 reduced with those shots to 32.

Another six from Wagner and New Zealand trailed by 20 Then in the 105th over, Henry struck 4, 4, 4, 6 and 4 from the bowling of Kasun Rajitha and New Zealand hit the front.

Henry was finally out, bowled by Asitha Fernando after having played a massive role for a New Zealand team which never seems to know when it is down.

ADVERTISEMENT

Its extraordinary one-run victory over England after following on in its previous test was the ultimate demonstration of that fact. But here again, New Zealand seemed absolutely on the back foot with little chance of anything more than a substantial first-innings deficit.

Its motto might be the tail never fails. Once again the last five batsmen made up for the shortcomings of the top order which too often is brittle and inconsistent.

The value of the second half of the New Zealand order is obvious: Mitchell averages 55 in tests, wicketkeeper Tom Blundell 45, Michael Bracewell and Henry in the 20s, Tim Southee 16 with six half centuries, Wagner 14.

The four seamers New Zealand has played in the match have five centuries and 18 half centuries among them.

Sri Lanka lost three wickets before stumps: Oshada Fernando (28), Dimuth Karunaratne (17) and Kusal Mendis (14) while Blair Tickner took all three wickets and has 3-28. Wagner limped from the field before the end with an apparent ankle injury.

____

More AP cricket: https://apnews.com/hub/cricket and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsLos Angeles Lakers guard D'Angelo Russell (1) dribbles past Toronto Raptors guard Gary Trent Jr. during the first half of an NBA basketball game Friday, March 10, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

Los Angeles Lakers guard D'Angelo Russell (1) dribbles past Toronto Raptors guard Gary Trent Jr. during the first half of an NBA basketball game Friday, March 10, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

LOS ANGELES (AP) — D’Angelo Russell had 28 points and nine assists in his dynamic return from a six-game injury absence, and Dennis Schröder added 23 points and seven assists in the surging Los Angeles Lakers’ 122-112 victory over the Toronto Raptors on Friday night.

Austin Reaves scored 18 points while Rui Hachimura and Jarred Vanderbilt added 16 apiece as the Lakers won for the seventh time in nine games even with little contribution this time from Anthony Davis.

The superstar big man had only eight points and nine rebounds while struggling against Toronto’s defense, but Russell and the Lakers’ reserves took charge before Davis sealed the win on his only field goal of the second half with 46 seconds to play.

“That we were able to come away with this win against a really good team with only eight from (Davis), that’s a sign of growth,” Lakers coach Darvin Ham said. “That’s a sign of how deep and talented we are.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Russell was the centerpiece of the Lakers’ activity at the trade deadline, but the point guard appeared in only four games to begin his second stint in Los Angeles before spraining his right ankle. He returned to the starting lineup with a spring in his step, hitting five 3-pointers while both making and celebrating a series of high-difficulty plays that had the Lakers’ home crowd roaring repeatedly.

“I know this from being here (before): The fans are ready to explode at a certain point in the game,” Russell said. “I just wanted to bring that energy and give them that. ... It shouldn’t go unnoticed, because our fans are the first to put a battery in someone’s back that has a little momentum, so why not do the right things, bring that positivity and embrace what our fans have to offer?”

The Lakers moved into ninth place in the Western Conference three days ago with a win over Memphis, and they are excelling despite the lengthy absence of LeBron James. Russell and Schröder led an outstanding effort while the Lakers surged away to their sixth win in eight games since the All-Star break. Los Angeles also went 19 for 19 at the free throw line.

Scottie Barnes scored 20 of his career-high 32 points in the second half, and O.G. Anunoby made his first 11 shots while scoring 31 points for the Raptors, who had won seven consecutive road games against the Lakers since 2014.

ADVERTISEMENT

Anunoby attributed the Raptors’ fourth-quarter struggles to “them getting comfortable, them getting stops and playing with confidence. They hit shots, and it just carried over.”

Toronto went 1-4 on a five-game road swing capped by back-to-back losses in Los Angeles despite long stretches of strong play throughout the trip.

“Sometimes you can play bad basketball and win every game,” Anunoby said. “You just try to take the positives from the losses, carry them over and win the next game.”

Russell racked up 12 points and seven assists in the first half while the Lakers erased an early 15-point deficit in a game with several wild momentum swings. The Lakers managed just four field goals in a nightmare third quarter, but took a nine-point lead midway through the fourth with a 26-8 run.

ADVERTISEMENT

TIP-INS

Raptors: Will Barton scored five points in his return from a one-game absence with a non-COVID illness. ... Jakob Poeltl had 17 points and 10 rebounds.

Lakers: Ham said they haven’t decided whether to sign a backup center with new acquisition Mo Bamba possibly sidelined until the postseason by a high left ankle sprain. ... Davis turns 30 on Saturday.

UP NEXT

Raptors: Host Denver on Tuesday night.

Lakers: Host New York on Sunday night.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/NBA and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsPurdue center Zach Edey (15) holds the Big Ten Championship trophy following an NCAA college basketball game against Illinois in West Lafayette, Ind., Sunday, March 5, 2023. Purdue defeated Illinois 76-71. (AP Photo/Michael Conroy)

Purdue center Zach Edey (15) holds the Big Ten Championship trophy following an NCAA college basketball game against Illinois in West Lafayette, Ind., Sunday, March 5, 2023. Purdue defeated Illinois 76-71. (AP Photo/Michael Conroy)

CHICAGO (AP) — While Zach Edey and Purdue won the Big Ten title this season, Trayce Jackson-Davis and Indiana had their share of big moments. Same for Boo Buie and Northwestern, and Tyson Walker and Michigan State.

The Big Ten Conference Tournament is back in Chicago this year, and — judging by the regular season — it could be a wild week in the Windy City.

“It’s March. You know it’s a good time of year, beautiful time of year,” Purdue guard Brandon Newman said, “and there’s going to be a lot of close games.”

Led by the 7-foot-4 Edey , a matchup nightmare and one of the front-runners for national player of the year, the top-seeded Boilermakers became the first team since Michigan in 2014 to win the Big Ten by at least three games.

Ranked No. 5 in the final AP poll of the regular season , Purdue could secure a No. 1 seed for the NCAA Tournament with another championship at the United Center.

ADVERTISEMENT

But the Boilermakers have split their last eight games — all in the Big Ten — and they blew a 24-point lead during a 76-71 victory over Illinois on Sunday.

“I think everybody in our league is battle-tested, and it’s hard,” Purdue coach Matt Painter said. “It’s really hard to go from game to game and adjust to some things.”

Behind the Boilermakers, a whopping nine schools finished with eight to 10 losses in Big Ten play. The No. 2 seed for the conference tournament wasn’t decided until Northwestern’s 65-53 victory at Rutgers on Sunday night.

The Wildcats set a school record with 12 Big Ten wins this season, and their 21 victories overall are the most for the program since the 2016-17 team went 24-12.

“I’m exhausted, but it’s really fun to compete in a league that’s this good,” Northwestern coach Chris Collins said after the win over the Scarlet Knights.

The Wildcats swept No. 19 Indiana this season, winning both games by a total of three points. They could meet again Saturday in the tournament semifinals, but Maryland and Illinois also are on their side of the bracket.

“Our league is just a very competitive league with a lot of really good teams,” Michigan coach Juwan Howard said. “I would say all of them are good, and it’s going to be interesting to see which one’s going to be the last one standing, because now you’re playing in a neutral site.”

ADVERTISEMENT

IN MOURNING

Walker and Michigan State have been playing with heavy hearts since last month’s mass shooting on campus that left three students dead and five more wounded.

The fourth-seeded Spartans closed the season with three wins in four games, including an 80-65 victory against Indiana on Feb. 21.

“I think the best thing is we’ve proven, playing arguably one of the toughest schedules in the league, that we can play with anybody,” coach Tom Izzo said. “Unfortunately a lot of teams can play with us.”

STARRING ROLE

Edey led the Big Ten with 21.9 points and 12.8 rebounds per game this season, but there are a couple more stars who also could put together a big tournament.

Jackson-Davis is coming off two of his best games of the season. He had 26 points, 13 rebounds, five assists and four steals in a 90-68 loss to Kris Murray and Iowa last week. He followed that up with 27 points during an overtime win against Michigan on Sunday.

ADVERTISEMENT

“He’s had a stellar, stellar career here at Indiana, but he’s still got a lot of basketball left,” Hoosiers coach Mike Woodson said.

Murray is averaging 20.5 points and 8.0 rebounds. He leads Iowa with 61 3-pointers in 178 attempts.

UNFINISHED BUSINESS

Wisconsin has played in 22 of the last 23 NCAA Tournaments, but it’s in jeopardy of missing out this year. After putting together an 11-2 start, the Badgers finished with a 17-13 record.

Coach Greg Gard’s team likely needs a deep run this week to make the NCAA Tournament field again. It plays Ohio State in the opening game on Wednesday.

___

Follow Jay Cohen at https://twitter.com/jcohenap

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25Virginia forward Kadin Shedrick (21) reacts after dunking against Clemson during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game at the Atlantic Coast Conference Tournament in Greensboro, N.C., Friday, March 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton)

Virginia forward Kadin Shedrick (21) reacts after dunking against Clemson during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game at the Atlantic Coast Conference Tournament in Greensboro, N.C., Friday, March 10, 2023. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton)

GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP) — Virginia and Duke will meet again with the Atlantic Coast Conference championship at stake — and hopefully officiating won’t have as big an impact on the outcome this time around.

Jayden Gardner had 23 points and 12 rebounds and No. 13 Virginia beat Clemson 76-56 on Friday night, sending coach Tony Bennett’s team to the ACC title game for the first time since 2018, when the Cavaliers won it all.

Armaan Franklin scored 16 points and Kihei Clark added 13 for the Cavaliers, who shot 50% from the field while outscoring the Tigers 40-22 in the paint.

The second-seeded Cavaliers (25-6) will play fourth-seeded and No. 21 Duke at the Greensboro Coliseum on Saturday night. Virginia beat Duke 69-62 in overtime on Feb. 11, but ACC officials admitted a day later that a botched a call by officials at the end of regulation potentially cost the Blue Devils a win.

Duke has won eight straight since then and is looking like a dangerous NCAA Tournament team.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I know they are defending well and running an efficient offense,” Bennett said. “They have very good players and are well-coached. Our game was a battle at our place. ... We are going to have to play some good basketball.”

Added Gardner: “Duke has been trending in the right direction and it’s another challenge that we are going to have to answer and just meet their physicality.”

Hunter Tyson made four 3-pointers and scored 15 points, and P.J. Hall had 13 for Clemson (23-10), which is on the NCAA Tournament bubble.

Virginia broke open a close game with an 8-0 run in the final 2:23 of the first half to build a 37-25 halftime lead, getting four points each from Franklin and Gardner during that stretch — with all of those points coming in the paint.

Before the start of the second half, Tyson gathered his Tigers teammates together on the court and gave an impassioned speech, imploring them to play harder.

But Clemson came up empty on its first five possessions of the second half while Virginia continued to pound away inside, opening an 18-point advantage and bringing the crowd to its feet with chants of “UVA! UVA!”

Clemson’s first field goal of the second half didn’t come until nearly four minutes in on a driving layup by Tyson, snapping a scoring drought of 7:49.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Their offensive movement is very good and it’s taxing on you,” Clemson coach Brad Brownell said. “If you are little fatigued, they can wear you down.”

Virginia stretched its lead to 52-29 behind a powerful two-handed dunk by Kadin Shedrick off a pick-and-roll feed from Reece Beekman, and the Tigers never challenged again.

“I think the guys are taking care of the ball, they are cutting hard and our screening has improved,” Bennett said. “They are seeing things as the game presents it. And that’s the best basketball to me when you give them a structure and they play the game out of it.”

Frustration began to mount a short while later, with Brownell getting a technical for shouting at the referees.

A RARE CHAMPIONSHIP

Virginia and Duke both have had plenty of success over the years, but they’ve only met once before in the ACC title game, with the Cavaliers winning 72-63 in 2014 behind MVP Joe Harris.

ADVERTISEMENT

BIG PICTURE

Clemson: The Tigers are a good team — better than a lot of people think — but questions remain over whether they’ve done enough to earn an NCAA Tournament bid. Normally, a third place finish in the ACC regular season gets you into the Big Dance, but this is a down season for the ACC and with Duke, Miami and Virginia already locks to make it, the Tigers will have to sweat this one out on selection Sunday. “We will keep our fingers crossed,” Tyson said, adding he thinks the Tigers are clearly one of the nation’s top 68 teams.

Virginia: The Cavaliers have to be one of the most irritating teams to guard in the country. They are methodically precise with their offense, and if a team falls behind, it’s difficult to mount a run against them given their pace of play. This may not be Bennett’s best team, but the Cavs looked poised to make some noise in the NCAA Tournament behind a balanced scoring attack.

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25Vanderbilt guard Ezra Manjon (5) celebrates after an NCAA college basketball game against Kentucky in the quarterfinals of the Southeastern Conference Tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Nashville, Tenn. (AP Photo/John Amis)

Vanderbilt guard Ezra Manjon (5) celebrates after an NCAA college basketball game against Kentucky in the quarterfinals of the Southeastern Conference Tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Nashville, Tenn. (AP Photo/John Amis)

NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — The Kentucky Wildcats have had their way with Vanderbilt for nearly a century.

Not this season.

Not with coach Jerry Stackhouse and his Commodores, whose confidence keeps growing with each win.

Ezra Manjon scored 25 points and Vanderbilt jolted No. 23 Kentucky, rallying from an early 10-point deficit to beat the Wildcats 80-73 Friday night in the quarterfinals of the Southeastern Conference Tournament.

Vanderbilt coach Jerry Stackhouse had been 1-8 against Kentucky, while the Commodores beat the Wildcats at least twice in the same season for only the ninth time in 94 seasons. Vanderbilt senior guard Jordan Wright said it felt good.

“One of the biggest brands in college basketball, any time you get a chance to beat them, feels great,” Wright said. “Especially that loss in the SEC Tournament (a year ago). We had ’em. Felt like we should have won that game.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Vanderbilt (20-13) followed up its first win at Rupp Arena since January 2007 last week by beating Kentucky to advance to Saturday’s semifinals against No. 18 Texas A&M, a 67-61 winner over Arkansas. The Commodores also posted their first 20-win season since 2014-15.

Stackhouse called this win just another step on the path for his Commodores.

“We still got a plan on something more,” Stackhouse said. “I honestly feel that we can win it all. If we get an opportunity to get in, this team deserves, the country deserves to see.”

Fourth-seeded Kentucky (21-11) appeared ready to cruise early with a 10-0 run going up 14-4. Coach John Calipari knows exactly where his Wildcats lost: by making free throws and beating the shot clock again and again.

“Got to throw daggers this time of the year,” Calipari said. “You got to take care of what’s in front of you, and we didn’t tonight.”

Vanderbilt now has won 10 of its last 11 and never blinked despite making only one field goal in the final 6:29. The Commodores beat Kentucky by going 18 of 20 at the free throw line while Kentucky was 11 of 20.

Tyrin Lawrence and Wright each had 18 points for Vanderbilt.

Antonio Reeves led Kentucky with 22 points. Jacob Toppin had 21 points and 11 rebounds, while Oscar Tshiebwe had 19 points and 15 rebounds.

The Commodores took control scoring the final 12 points of the first half with Colin Smith giving them the lead for good at 36-34 with 32.2 seconds left in the first half on a pair of free throws after a Flagrant 1 on Tschiebwe. Vandy led 39-34 at halftime.

ADVERTISEMENT

Vanderbilt then opened the second half outscoring Kentucky 13-8 and took its biggest lead at 52-40 with 15:43 left. Then the Commodores went cold, missing six of seven shots with Kentucky whittling that lead down to single digits.

Kentucky got within 63-60 after a pair of free throws by Reeves. But Manjon corralled a loose ball just at the half-court line, then beat the shot clock with a long 3 with 6:30 to go. Lawrence’s jumper with 1:11 left was Vandy’s only other made field goal.

Vandy finished 12 of 14 at the line to seal the win.

The Wildcats were the last team to take the court at this tournament, an event Kentucky has won a league-best 32 times. Yet Kentucky leaves looking for its first tournament title since 2018.

ADVERTISEMENT

BIG PICTURE

Vanderbilt exposed Kentucky’s perimeter defense going 10 of 25 beyond the arc with five different players knocking down at least one 3 apiece. The Commodores also managed to stay close inside the paint despite being outscored 34-26. ... Vandy has won three straight against Top 25 teams for the first time since the 2010-11 season.

Kentucky used its size advantage to absolutely dominate on the boards with a 43-26 edge and a 20-4 edge on second-chance points. The Wildcats also had a 14-4 edge scoring on the fast break.

UP NEXT

Vanderbilt has a chance at yet another Quad 1 win in the semifinals to burnish a suddenly impressive NCAA Tournament resume.

Kentucky gets a couple more days to heal up and wait for the NCAA Tournament bracket announcement.

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25SANTIAGO, Chile (AP) — Home crowd favorite Nicolas Jarry beat Argentina’s Tomas Martin Etcheverry 6-7 (5), 7-6 (5), 6-2 to clinch the Chile Open final on Sunday, his first title at the elite level since 2019.

The 27-year-old Chilean served a doping suspension in 2020 and his ranking tumbled. His run to the title in the clay court tournament at Chile came the week after Jarry reached the semifinals of the Rio Open, where he lost a tough match to Carlos Alcaraz, and is projected to put him back into the top 60 in the ATP rankings.

“It is really unbelievable, it means a lot to me, specially doing it for the two weeks in a row,” Jarry said. “Winning the second tiebreaker was very important emotionally.”

Jarry and Etcheverry had met only once previously, in the first round at Cordoba last year, which the Argentine won in three sets.

___

AP tennis: https://apnews.com/hub/tennis and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsKANSAS CITY (AP) — Ashley Joens hit seven 3-pointers and finished with 30 points to spark Iowa State to a 74-63 win over Baylor in a Big 12 Conference Tournament quarterfinal match-up on Friday. night.

Iowa State, seeded No. 3, will face second-seeded Oklahoma in the second of two semifinal games Saturday night. That game will feature a family reunion between Ashley Joens, the Big 12 Conference Player of the Year, and her younger sister, Aubrey, a sophomore who came off the bench to score 15 points in the Sooners’ 77-76 win over TCU.

The sixth-seeded Bears tied the game on Darianna Littlepage-Buggs layup with a second left in the second quarter and went into intermission tied 37-37, and she put Baylor in front twice in the third quarter with a layup with 1:55 left for a 49-48 lead, but Iowa State closed the half on a 6-0 run to take a 54-49 advantage. Joens hit three 3-pointers in the final quarter, the final two 25 seconds apart to make it 71-63 with 2:30 left to play. Lexi Donarski drilled a 3 to give the Cyclones an 11-point lead with 1:25 left to set the final score.

ADVERTISEMENT

Joens finished 11 of 23 from the field, hitting 7 of 15 shots from behind the arc, and grabbed 15 rebounds. Her 30 points leaves her 13 point shy of 3,000 career points and moves her into 14th all-time on the list of NCAA Division I all-time leading scorers. She now has 1,360 career rebounds.

Emily Ryan finished with 15 points for Iowa State (20-9). Morgan Kane had 10 points and grabbed 10 rebounds and Denae Fritz had nine points and 10 rebounds.

Littlepage-Buggs scored 16 points and made three steals to lead Baylor (19-12). Caitlin Bickle and Jaden Owens each scored 15 points and Sarah Andrews had 12 points, six boards, nine assists and two blocked shots, including a spectacular block on an Iowa State fast break.

__

AP women’s college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/womens-college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-womens-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25Anaheim Ducks goalie John Gibson, left, is congratulated by Colton White after defeating the Calgary Flames in NHL hockey game action in Calgary, Alberta, Friday, March 10, 2023. (Larry MacDougal/The Canadian Press via AP)

Anaheim Ducks goalie John Gibson, left, is congratulated by Colton White after defeating the Calgary Flames in NHL hockey game action in Calgary, Alberta, Friday, March 10, 2023. (Larry MacDougal/The Canadian Press via AP)

CALGARY, Alberta (AP) — Max Comtois and Derek Grant each had a goal and an assist as the Anaheim Ducks rallied to beat the Calgary Flames 3-1 on Friday night.

Brett Leason also scored and John Gibson stopped 34 shots to help the Ducks win for the fifth time in eight games (5-1-2).

“We know this time of year there’s a lot of teams trying to make the push and we’re going to be up against good competition,” said Gibson, who is 4-1-2 in his last seven games. “Whether it’s teams in the playoffs, teams outside of the playoffs, or teams pushing to get into a playoff spot, we know it’s all going to be competitive.”

Mikael Backlund scored for Calgary and Jacob Markstrom finished with 15 saves. The Flames snapped a two-game win streak and lost for the sixth time in eight games (2-4-2).

Calgary remained four points behind Winnipeg for the second wild card in the Western Conference.

“We got to understand that we’re fighting for our lives, and everybody in the room needs to find a way to step up a little bit more,” Flames defenseman MacKenzie Weegar said.

ADVERTISEMENT

After a scoreless first period, the Flames took a 1-0 lead at 6:43 of the second on a power play when Elias Lindholm’s shot banked in off Backlund in front. It was Backlund’s 15th goal of the season.

It was also Calgary’s first power-play goal in six games after going 0 for 12 over the previous five games.

The lead was short-lived as the Ducks answered back 1:04 later on a deflection of their own. Frank Vatrano whipped a rising shot toward the net that changed directions off Comtois and fooled Markstrom. It was Comtois’ seventh and ended Markstrom’s shutout streak at 98:35.

Leason then put the Ducks ahead with 8:27 left in the middle period as he whacked in a loose puck from the side of the net for his fifth.

The Flames peppered Gibson with 13 shots in the third as they pressed for the tying goal. However, he was perfect, with his best stop coming with less than seven minutes remaining when he snagged a close-in shot off the stick of Tyler Toffoli after the Flames’ leading goal scorer was set up in the slot by Jakob Pelletier.

“He’s probably a top-five, top-three goalie in the league,” Comtois said of Gibson. “He’s always coming up with those big saves and keeping us in it. Even when we play really good teams and teams like today fighting for their lives in a playoff spot, they throw everything at him and he just comes up with the saves.”

ADVERTISEMENT

In a flurry earlier in the period, Gibson kicked out his left pad to make successive pad stops from in-close on Jonathan Huberdeau and then Nazem Kadri.

“Incredible leader,” Ducks coach Dallas Eakins said. “He’s got a fire in him to compete. This year, obviously being in a rebuild, isn’t easy on a guy like that. I think he’s managed his mindset extremely well.”

NO COMEBACKS

Calgary fell to 0-16-3 when trailing after two periods. The Flames are the only NHL team without a comeback victory.

“We had a lot of looks, especially in the third,” Flames defenseman Rasmus Anderson said. “We’re dominating the game in the third, and we just can’t get that tying goal or the leading goal so it’s frustrating.”

ADVERTISEMENT

NO POINTS

The Flames snapped an eight-game (7-0-1) point streak against Anaheim that dated back to 2019. It had been their longest active streak against any one opponent.

NEW NO. 1

Gibson’s 13 saves in the first period moved him past Guy Hebert (11,813) and into top spot on the Ducks’ all-time list. Gibson has been busy this season, leading the NHL in saves with 1,516.

UP NEXT

Ducks: Host Nashville on Sunday night in the opener of an eight-game homestand.

Flames: Host Ottawa on Sunday night in the finale of a two-game homestand.

___

AP NHL: https://www.apnews.com/hub/NHL and https://www.twitter.com/AP_SportsPanthers bring 3-game win streak into matchup with the Jets

Winnipeg Jets (36-26-3, fourth in the Central Division) vs. Florida Panthers (33-27-6, fourth in the Atlantic Division)

Sunrise, Florida; Saturday, 7 p.m. EST

FANDUEL SPORTSBOOK NHL LINE : Panthers -131, Jets +111; over/under is 6.5

BOTTOM LINE: The Florida Panthers come into a matchup against the Winnipeg Jets as winners of three straight games.

Florida has gone 19-10-3 in home games and 33-27-6 overall. The Panthers are 31-10-5 when scoring at least three goals.

Winnipeg is 15-15-1 in road games and 36-26-3 overall. The Jets have a +18 scoring differential, with 200 total goals scored and 182 given up.

The teams square off Saturday for the second time this season. The Jets won the last matchup 5-2.

TOP PERFORMERS: Matthew Tkachuk has 28 goals and 56 assists for the Panthers. Carter Verhaeghe has four goals and five assists over the past 10 games.

Joshua Morrissey has 15 goals and 51 assists for the Jets. Mark Scheifele has scored four goals and added five assists over the past 10 games.

ADVERTISEMENT

LAST 10 GAMES: Panthers: 6-4-0, averaging 3.1 goals, 4.9 assists, 4.7 penalties and 11.8 penalty minutes while giving up 2.8 goals per game.

Jets: 2-6-2, averaging 2.7 goals, 4.7 assists, 3.9 penalties and 8.9 penalty minutes while giving up 3.6 goals per game.

INJURIES: Panthers: Anthony Duclair: day to day (illness), Patric Hornqvist: out (upper-body), Givani Smith: out (face).

Jets: Kyle Capobianco: day to day (illness), Pierre-Luc Dubois: day to day (lower body), Cole Perfetti: out (upper body).

___

The Associated Press created this story using technology provided by Data Skrive and data from Sportradar .FILE – U.S. speedskater Eric Heiden competes in the 1500 meter event at the Olympics in Lake Placid, N.Y., Feb. 21, 1980. Heiden still marvels at what he accomplished during those nine days in Lake Placid. (AP Photo/File)

FILE – U.S. speedskater Eric Heiden competes in the 1500 meter event at the Olympics in Lake Placid, N.Y., Feb. 21, 1980. Heiden still marvels at what he accomplished during those nine days in Lake Placid. (AP Photo/File)

Even after all these years, Eric Heiden still marvels at what he accomplished during those nine days in the tiny village of Lake Placid.

Five speedskating races, ranging from an all-out sprint of barely more than a lap to a grueling marathon covering more than 6 miles around the oval.

Five gold medals .

“As time goes by, it becomes more outstanding what I did in 1980,” Heiden said this week. “When I try to equate it to other sports, it’s just unheard of.”

There’s not a hint of self-aggrandizing in his voice during a phone interview with The Associated Press, just the cold, hard analysis of an ex-athlete who has spent a majority of his 64 years as an orthopedic surgeon.

“I enjoy working with athletes who are at an elite level,” Heiden said. “Very often, I’ll also be talking with exercise physiologists. We will put our heads together and try to figure out how you can win a race that takes roughly 35 seconds (the 500 meters), then win a race that takes nearly 15 minutes (the 10,000) against the best of the best.

ADVERTISEMENT

“No one has been able to come up with any good answers.”

With apologies to every other stellar athlete who accomplished something remarkable, Heiden’s sweep of every men’s speedskating event at the 1980 Winter Olympics was and remains the greatest feat in sporting history.

Such a pronouncement is strictly subjective, of course, and in no way is meant to demean Wilt Chamberlain’s 100-point game, or Babe Ruth hitting more homers by himself in a season than every other team in the American League, or Michael Phelps hoarding eight gold medals at the Beijing Summer Games.

But those achievements, as great as they were, comprised one extraordinary night, or came over the course of an entire season, or came with a series of victories that weren’t as diverse as Heiden’s.

Phelps, for instance, swept his five individual races in 2008, but the distances ranged from 100 to 400 meters (he also took part in three winning relays, swimming either 100 or 200 meters)

What about Usain Bolt? He won both the 100 and 200 sprints over three consecutive Olympics , posting world-record times in both events. But it’s ludicrous to think of him also tackling the 1,500, 5,000 and 10,000, much less winning them, which is basically what Heiden did.

ADVERTISEMENT

One could argue for the sustained excellence of, say, Nolan Ryan, who tossed seven no-hitters while striking out more than 5,700 hitters — three more no-hitters and nearly 1,000 more Ks than anyone else in baseball history.

Or the outrageous factoid that Wayne Gretzky would still have more points than anyone in NHL history even if you erased his record-setting 894 goals.

Heiden had no room for error in Lake Placid. He had to be on top of his game for five straight races, going against the world’s best speedskaters — among them, a strong East German contingent that was likely getting plenty of pharmaceutical assistance.

On Feb. 15, 1980, Heiden claimed his first gold medal in the 500, setting an Olympic-record time in the 1 1/4-lap sprint. The very next day, he returned to the outdoor oval next to Lake Placid High School and set another Olympic mark in the 5,000, conquering the field over 12 1/2 laps.

ADVERTISEMENT

Heiden said that brutal, 24-hour turnaround wasn’t so bad.

“The 500 is hard. You go flat out all the way around. But it doesn’t take it out of you like some other distances,” he said. “Schedule-wise, I thought it was .very fortuitous. If there’s ever gonna be a point in the schedule where you didn’t have a rest day, it was nice to race the 5,000 immediately after the 500 meters.”

After two days off, Heiden took gold in the 1,000 with another Olympic-record performance. Then came another day off, followed by his fourth straight Olympic record in the 1,500.

Finally, after one more day to rest up, Heiden capped his unprecedented showing on Feb. 23, 1980, with a world record in the 10,000. He finished nearly 8 seconds ahead of silver medalist Piet Kleine of the Netherlands after 25 laps around the oval.

Five races.

Five gold medals.

ADVERTISEMENT

Heiden’s name came up again recently when 18-year-old American Jordan Stolz — who grew up skating on a frozen pond in his native Wisconsin, just like Heiden — turned in an spectacular performance at last weekend’s single-distance world championships in Holland.

Stolz became the youngest world champion in the sport’s history, and the first male skater to win at three distances — 500, 1,000 and 1,500 — in the event.

He’s also had success in the 5,000 at the junior level, and could add the 10,000 to his repertoire to accomplish his goal of being an all-around world champion

Which, of course, raised the prospect of Stolz attempting to duplicate Heiden’s performance when the Milan Olympics roll around three years from now.

“I hope he gives it a go,” Heiden said. “The 5,000 meters is probably within reach. The 10,000 meters? That’s gonna be a stretch. but I certainly think he’s talented enough and has the mental fortitude to do it.”

Heiden’s accomplishment is often overlooked, which is not all that surprising since his five gold medals were even overshadowed in Lake Placid by perhaps the greatest upset in sports history: the U.S. hockey team shocking the mighty Soviets .

ADVERTISEMENT

Heiden doesn’t mind a bit. The Americans clinching the hockey gold on the final day of the 1980 Games — after his competition was over — remains one of his fondest memories.

“I grew up playing ice hockey,” he said. “The thing I remember as one of the outstanding moments was sitting next to Al Michaels and Ken Dryden for the U.S.-Finnish gold medal game . They were set up at a card table, calling the game, and I was right next to them, sitting in a folding metal chair.”

An outstanding moment, indeed.

But Heiden had already accomplished the greatest feat of them all.

“It was a special result in the world of sports that I don’t think will ever be recreated,” Heiden said, not bragging a bit. “I still scratch my head and wonder, ‘How in the heck was I able to do that?’”

___

Paul Newberry is the national sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to him at pnewberry(at)ap.org or at https://twitter.com/pnewberry1963

___

AP Winter Olympics: https://apnews.com/hub/winter-olympics and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsTexas forward Christian Bishop after dunking the ball during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game against TCU in the semifinal round of the Big 12 Conference tournament Friday, March 10, 2023, in Kansas City, Mo. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)

Texas forward Christian Bishop after dunking the ball during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game against TCU in the semifinal round of the Big 12 Conference tournament Friday, March 10, 2023, in Kansas City, Mo. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)

KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Christian Bishop’s basketball career began in the Kansas City suburb of Lee’s Summit, Missouri, included a three-year stretch at Creighton and ultimately a transfer to Texas, where he found himself in a starring role for the Longhorns before more than a dozen friends and relatives Friday night.

Bishop responded to his hometown crowd with 15 points, and Dylan Disu matched him with 15 of his own, while Tyrese Hunter made two free throws in the closing seconds to help No. 7 Texas edge No. 22 TCU 66-60 in the Big 12 Tournament semifinals.

Now, Bishop and the Longhorns will play third-ranked Kansas — the school just down the road from where he attended high school at Lee’s Summit West — for the tournament championship Saturday night.

“They’re a really well-coached team. A lot of good players,” Bishop said with a grin. “It’s always a great opportunity to play against a team like that. That’s why I came to Texas in the first place.”

ADVERTISEMENT

The spot in the finals wasn’t in hand until the final minutes, when Micah Peavey’s miss that would have drawn TCU within 60-58 turned into a runout. Marcus Carr converted the layup at the other end for Texas to extend its lead, and Sir’Jabari Rice and Hunter made free throws down the stretch to put the game away.

“It wasn’t perfect,” interim Texas coach Rodney Terry said, “but they gave us incredible effort and determination.”

Mike Miles had 15 points to lead the sixth-seeded Horned Frogs (21-12). Chuck O’Bannon also had 12 points.

“It wasn’t our best game,” TCU coach Jamie Dixon said, “but the effort was there. The desire was there. The focus was there. It just didn’t go our way. Maybe Texas had something to do with it.”

The majority of seats were empty for the second semifinal after Kansas and Iowa State fans, who typically snap up huge numbers of tickets, headed for the doors following the Jayhawks’ 71-58 win over the Cyclones. In fact, nearly every sneaker squeak could be heard from the rafters throughout much of the second half.

That probably won’t be the case Saturday night, when the third-ranked Jayhawks — and their boisterous fans — are back in the building to play Texas for a second consecutive Big 12 Tournament title.

ADVERTISEMENT

“We’ll have an incredible challenge tomorrow against one of the top teams in the country,” Terry said.

The Horned Frogs breezed their way into the semifinals by lighting it up from the 3-point arc against Kansas State, when Miles and O’Bannon had six 3s apiece and each poured in 24 points in the easier-than-expected 80-67 victory.

Not surprisingly, Texas was determined to limit the Horned Frogs’ open looks on the perimeter. And when they went to the paint, the bigger Longhorns had an advantage. So despite missing all six of their own 3s in the first half, the Longhorns managed to forge a 34-26 lead by the break.

Disu and Bishop kept the Horned Frogs at bay during the second half.

Disu, a transfer from Vanderbilt, was at his best around the rim, where TCU’s best defense seemed to be sending him to the foul line. And Bishop, the Creighton transfer, set the tone for the final 20 minutes with a massive putback dunk and another jam a few minutes later, which helped the Longhorns extend their lead.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Coach talked to us before the game, said we were going to have a heavy dose of putting the ball inside,” Disu said. “He trusted in us and believed in us to go in there and score.”

The belief paid off. And now Texas is playing for its second Big 12 tourney title in three years.

STILL NO ALLEN

Terry continued to rest veteran forward Timmy Allen, who has been dealing with a nagging lower leg injury. Allen said after the quarterfinals that he would have played in an NCAA Tournament game and hopes to be back soon.

THE TAKEAWAY

TCU had plenty of opportunities to pull ahead down the stretch, but Miles missed an open 3 from the wing that would have made it 60-59 and several others had clean looks that didn’t go. TCU wound up shooting 36% from the field.

Texas overcame a 2-for-14 performance from the 3-point line by riding Disu and Bishop in the paint. The two big men helped the Longhorns to a 42-22 edge in points in the paint.

ADVERTISEMENT

UP NEXT

Texas will play the top-seeded Jayhawks for the tournament title Saturday night.

TCU awaits its NCAA Tournament seeding.

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25HENDERSON, Nev. (AP) — Ajay Mitchell had 28 points in UC Santa Barbara’s 92-87 win over UC Riverside on Friday in the Big West Conference Tournament semifinals.

The No. 2 seed in the tournament, the Gauchos will face fourth-seeded Cal State Fullerton in Saturday’s tournament championship game.

Mitchell had seven assists for the Gauchos (24-7). Josh Pierre-Louis scored 20 points while shooting 8 of 13 from the field and 3 for 6 from the line, and added five assists. Miles Norris shot 5 for 7 (3 for 3 from 3-point range) and 3 of 3 from the free throw line to finish with 16 points, while adding six rebounds.

Flynn Cameron led the Highlanders (21-11) in scoring, finishing with 31 points and six assists. Zyon Pullin added 24 points and five assists for UC Riverside. In addition, Lachlan Olbrich finished with 12 points and seven rebounds.

Pierre-Louis scored 11 points in the first half and UCSB went into halftime trailing 42-39. Mitchell scored 18 points in the second half to help lead UCSB to a five-point victory.

___

The Associated Press created this story using technology provided by Data Skrive and data from Sportradar .Houston guard Jamal Shead (1) goes to the basket past East Carolina guard Jaden Walker (21) during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game in the quarterfinals of the American Athletic Conference Tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Fort Worth, Texas. (AP Photo/Ron Jenkins)

Houston guard Jamal Shead (1) goes to the basket past East Carolina guard Jaden Walker (21) during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game in the quarterfinals of the American Athletic Conference Tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Fort Worth, Texas. (AP Photo/Ron Jenkins)

FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — Marcus Sasser scored 30 points and top-ranked Houston got its 30th win of the season, 60-46 over East Carolina in the quarterfinals of the American Athletic Conference Tournament on Friday.

The Cougars (30-2), a sure-bet No. 1 seed in the upcoming NCAA Tournament, have back-to-back 30-win seasons for the first time since their Phi Slama Jama era. Houston made three consecutive Final Four appearances from 1982-84, and was national runner-up in back-to-back seasons — winning 31 games in 1982-83 and 32 the next season.

Jamal Shead added 12 points for Houston, which won despite shooting a season-low 28.1% (16 of 57) from the field. Houston plays fourth-seeded Cincinnati in the AAC semifinals Saturday.

East Carolina freshman forward Ezra Ausar had 18 points and a season-high 19 rebounds, his third double-double this season. The Pirates (16-17) had a season-low scoring total and shot 31.4% (16 of 51).

ADVERTISEMENT

NO. 2 UCLA 75, OREGON 56

LAS VEGAS (AP) — Tyger Campbell scored a career-high 28 points, including all seven during a key second-half run, and UCLA beat Oregon in the Pac-12 Conference Tournament semifinals.

The Bruins (29-4) will play No. 8 Arizona in Saturday’s title game. UCLA has won 12 straight and 26 of 28, and one more victory likely would secure a No. 1 seed in the NCAA Tournament.

Oregon (19-14) had won four in a row. The Ducks are on the NCAA bubble.

Jaime Jaquez Jr. added 18 points for UCLA and David Singleton had 12. Quincy Guerrier and Will Richardson each scored 10 points for Oregon.

NO. 3 KANSAS 71, IOWA STATE 58

KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Jalen Wilson had 25 points and 10 rebounds, Gradey Dick made a couple of crucial baskets during a second-half run that gave Kansas control, and the third-ranked Jayhawks beat Iowa State to reach the Big 12 Tournament title game.

Dick finished with 15 points for the top-seeded Jayhawks (27-6), who fell behind early in the second half before the defending champs rallied to reach Saturday night’s title game against seventh-ranked Texas.

The Jayhawks were again without Hall of Fame coach Bill Self, who is recovering after a hospital trip Wednesday night for what doctors with the University of Kansas Health System would only call “a standard procedure.” Longtime assistant Norm Roberts, serving as the acting coach, said Self addressed the Jayhawks remotely during breakfast and was “doing a lot better.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Jaren Holmes had 16 points to lead the No. 5 seed Cyclones (19-13). Robert Jones finished with 11.

NO. 4 ALABAMA 72, MISSISSIPPI STATE 49

NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Brandon Miller had 18 points and nine rebounds and Alabama never trailed in a quarterfinal victory over Mississippi State in the Southeastern Conference Tournament.

The top-seeded Crimson Tide (27-5) set the pace in the first half, hitting 8 of 20 shots from long range. Charles Bediako and Noah Gurley added 11 points apiece for Alabama, and Jahvon Quinerly scored 10.

Alabama will face No. 25 Missouri in the semifinals on Saturday.

Tolu Smith led Mississippi State (21-12) with 17 points and 11 rebounds. Dashawn Davis scored 13 points.

ADVERTISEMENT

NO. 5 PURDUE 70, RUTGERS 65

CHICAGO (AP) — Mason Gillis had 20 points on 7-for-8 shooting, and Purdue held off Rutgers in the Big Ten Tournament quarterfinals.

With Zach Edey drawing his usual attention inside, the top-seeded Boilermakers (27-5) got a big lift from Gillis and reserve guard David Jenkins Jr. Gillis grabbed nine rebounds. The 7-foot-4 Edey finished with 16 points and 11 boards.

Purdue will face Ohio State in the semifinals on Saturday.

Derek Simpson scored 18 points for Rutgers (19-14). Cam Spencer had 13 points, and Clifford Omoruyi finished with 10 points and eight rebounds.

N0. 6 MARQUETTE 70, NO. 11 UCONN 68

NEW YORK (AP) — Tyler Kolek and David Joplin each scored 17 points, and Marquette moved into the Big East championship game for the first time by holding off UConn.

The top-seeded Golden Eagles (27-6) opened a four-point lead on a 3-pointer by Olivier-Maxence Prosper with 3:39 left and then held on at raucous Madison Square Garden.

ADVERTISEMENT

UConn (25-8) had a chance to tie or win in the final seconds, but coach Dan Hurley elected not to call a timeout as his team brought the ball across halfcourt. Jordan Hawkins missed badly on a contested, desperation 3 at the buzzer.

Kam Jones added 14 points and Prosper scored 11 for the Golden Eagles, who will face No. 15 Xavier for the title Saturday night.

Adama Sanogo had 19 points and 11 rebounds to pace the Huskies.

NO. 7 TEXAS 66, NO. 22 TCU 60

KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Dylan Disu and Christian Bishop scored 15 points apiece, Tyrese Hunter made two free throws in the closing seconds, Texas held off TCU in the Big 12 Tournament semifinals.

The win wasn’t in hand until the final minutes, when Micah Peavey’s miss that would have drawn TCU within 60-58 turned into a runout. Marcus Carr converted the layup at the other end for Texas.

The second-seeded Longhorns (25-8) will play top-seeded Kansas for the championship on Saturday night.

Mike Miles had 15 points, including his third 3-pointer with just under 6 seconds left in the game, to lead the sixth-seeded Horned Frogs (21-12). Chuck O’Bannon also had 12 points for TCU.

ADVERTISEMENT

NO. 8 ARIZONA 78, ARIZONA STATE 59

LAS VEGAS (AP) — Azuolas Tubelis scored 17 points and Arizona beat Arizona State in the Pac-12 Conference Tournament semifinals.

The Wildcats (27-6) get a championship rematch with No. 2 UCLA on Saturday night. Arizona beat the Bruins 84-76 last year for the title.

Arizona second-year coach Tommy Lloyd remained perfect in Las Vegas, where he is 8-0, including 7-0 at T-Mobile Arena and 5-0 in the Pac-12 Tournament.

Frankie Collins and Jamiya Neal each scored 11 points for Arizona State (22-12).

NO. 13 VIRGINIA 76, CLEMSON 56

GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP) — Jayden Gardner had 23 points and 12 rebounds and Virginia beat Clemson, sending coach Tony Bennett’s team to the Atlantic Coast Conference Tournament title game for the first time since 2018, when the Cavaliers won it all.

Armaan Franklin scored 16 points and Kihei Clark added 13 for the Cavaliers, who shot 50% from the field while outscoring the Tigers 40-22 in the paint.

The second-seeded Cavaliers (25-6) will meet fourth-seeded and 21st-ranked Duke in Saturday night’s championship game at the Greensboro Coliseum.

Hunter Tyson made four 3-pointers and scored 15 points, and P.J. Hall had 13 for Clemson (23-10), which is on the NCAA Tournament bubble.

NO. 21 DUKE 85, NO. 14 MIAMI 78

GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP) — Kyle Filipowski had 17 points and 11 rebounds, Jeremy Roach hit a huge 3-pointer at the 1:32 mark and Duke held off Miami in the Atlantic Coast Conference Tournament semifinals.

Roach’s 3 from the left wing over Isaiah Wong with the shot clock going down gave Duke a 78-71 lead that Miami couldn’t overcome. The fourth-seeded Blue Devils (25-8) closed out their eighth straight win and earned their 17th trip to the title game in the past 25 tournaments. They will play No. 13 Virginia for the title on Saturday night.

This run at the league title comes in the debut run of first-year coach Jon Scheyer, who replaced retired Hall of Famer Mike Krzyzewski.

Wong had 22 points to lead the top-seeded Hurricanes (25-7), who lost starting forward Norchad Omier to an ankle injury just 66 seconds into the game. Jordan Miller added 17 points for Miami.

NO. 15 XAVIER 82, NO. 24 CREIGHTON 60

NEW YORK (AP) — Souley Boum scored 23 points, Jack Nunge added 17 and Xavier cruised past Creighton to reach the the Big East Tournament championship game.

Coach Sean Miller’s second-seeded Musketeers (25-8) will face top-seeded and sixth-ranked Marquette on Saturday night at Madison Square Garden in a matchup of teams looking for their first Big East Tournament title.

Xavier has played in the final just once since joining the conference in 2013-14, losing to Villanova in 2015.

Ryan Kalkbrenner led Creighton (21-12) with 18 points on 7-for-7 shooting. The rest of the Bluejays went 14 for 49 from the field.

NO. 25 MISSOURI 79, NO. 17 TENNESSEE 71

NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Nick Honor hit a 3-pointer with 1:45 left to put Missouri ahead to stay, and the Tigers reached the Southeastern Conference Tournament semifinals for the first time since joining the league.

The Tigers (24-8), who joined the SEC in 2012, will play fourth-ranked Alabama on Saturday. Missouri won its fifth straight this season to snap a three-game skid in the SEC quarterfinals.

D’Moi Hodge led Missouri with 26 points, 17 in the second half. Kobe Brown added 24 points and nine rebounds, and DeAndre Gholston had 10.

Santiago Vescovi led five Vols (23-10) in double digits with 17 points. Tyreke Key had 16, Jahmai Mashack 14, Olivier Nkamhoua added 11 points and 10 rebounds and Julian Phillips 10.

NO. 18 TEXAS A&M 67, ARKANSAS 61

NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Wade Taylor scored 18 points and Texas A&M rallied from a 13-point deficit early in the second half to beat Arkansas in the quarterfinals of the Southeastern Conference Tournament.

Texas A&M (24-8) advanced for the second straight year to the semifinals, where it will face Vanderbilt on Saturday. The Aggies lost to Tennessee in the 2022 championship game.

Henry Coleman III had 16 points and 11 rebounds for Texas A&M. Dennis Dexter and Radford each added 11 points.

Nick Smith led Arkansas (20-13) with 16 points and Makhi Mitchell finished with 15.

NO. 19 INDIANA 70, MARYLAND 60

CHICAGO (AP) — Trayce Jackson-Davis scored 24 points, Jalen Hood-Schifino added 19 points, and Indiana beat Maryland in the Big Ten Tournament quarterfinals.

The third-seeded Hoosiers (22-10) went on a 20-2 run in the second half to wipe out a seven-point deficit and got payback for a loss at Maryland (21-12) on Jan. 31. Indiana will face No. 10 seed Penn State in the semifinals on Saturday.

Jackson-Davis had nine rebounds, seven assists and four blocks.

Hakim Hart led Maryland with 16 points.

NO. 20 SAN DIEGO STATE 64, SAN JOSE STATE 49

LAS VEGAS (AP) — Keshad Johnson and Darrion Trammell each scored 15 points and San Diego State beat San Jose State in the Mountain West Conference Tournament semifinals.

The top-seeded Aztecs (26-6) advanced to the championship game for the sixth consecutive year. They will face the winner of the late semifinal between Utah State and Boise State.

The Aztecs shot 40.7% from the floor, hitting 22 of 54, including 6 of 16 from 3-point range.

Tibet Gorener scored 15 points for San Jose State (20-13).

VANDERBILT 80, NO. 23 KENTUCKY 73

NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Ezra Manjon scored 25 points and Vanderbilt rallied from an early 10-point deficit to beat Kentucky in the quarterfinals of the Southeastern Conference Tournament.

Vanderbilt (20-13) followed up its first win at Rupp Arena since January 2007 last week by beating Kentucky again and advanced to Saturday’s semifinals against No. 18 Texas A&M. The Commodores also posted their first 20-win season since 2014-15.

Vanderbilt has won 10 of its last 11 and never blinked despite making only one field goal in the final 6:29. Tyrin Lawrence and Jordan Wright each had 18 points for the Commodores.

Antonio Reeves led Kentucky (21-11) with 22 points. Jacob Toppin had 21 points and 11 rebounds, while Oscar Tshiebwe had 19 points and 15 rebounds.

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25New England Revolution take shutout streak into matchup with Los Angeles FC

New England Revolution (2-0-0) vs. Los Angeles FC (1-0-0)

Los Angeles; Sunday, 10:30 p.m. EDT

FANDUEL SPORTSBOOK MLS LINE : LAFC -208, New England +525, Draw +341; over/under is 2.5 goals

BOTTOM LINE: The New England Revolution come into a matchup with Los Angeles FC after recording two straight shutout wins.

LAFC was 21-9-4 overall during the 2022 season while going 16-2-2 at home. LAFC averaged 1.9 goals on 5.7 shots on goal per game a season ago.

The Revolution went 10-12-12 overall and 3-8-6 on the road in the 2022 season. The Revolution scored 47 goals a season ago while allowing opponents to score 50.

NOT EXPECTED TO PLAY: LAFC: None listed.

Revolution: Jack Panayotou (injured), Jacob Jackson (injured), Maciel (injured), Nacho Gil (injured), Tommy McNamara (injured), Andrew Farrell (injured).

___

The Associated Press created this story using technology provided by Data Skrive and data from Sportradar .Vermont players celebrate after defeating Albany in the NCAA college basketball finals of the America East Conference Tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Burlington, Vt. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer)

Vermont players celebrate after defeating Albany in the NCAA college basketball finals of the America East Conference Tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Burlington, Vt. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer)

BURLINGTON, Vt. (AP) — Emma Utterback scored 18 points and Vermont survived a wild finish to beat Albany 38-36 Friday night America East Conference championship game and advancing to its first NCAA Tournament since 2010.

Vermont led 30-15 with a minute left in the third quarter but Albany, which had 17 points through three quarters, scored 19 in the fourth and was given every chance to win, although a final long heave at the basket wasn’t close.

The Catamounts managed to run their winning streak to 17 despite going 2 of 12 from the field, 4 of 12 from the foul line and committing eight turnovers in the last 10 minutes.

No team had scored less than 45 points in an AEC title game.

Vermont (25-6), headed to its seventh NCAA Tournament, was 2 of 16 from 3-point range and shot 23% with 15 turnovers but had a 53-36 rebounding advantage, plus-10 on the offensive end. Until the fourth quarter meltdown the Catamounts were 6 of 7 from the line.

ADVERTISEMENT

Kayla Cooper had 12 points and Helene Haegerstrand added 10 for the defending tournament champion Great Danes (22-11). Albany shot just 25% with eight of the 14 field goals coming in the fourth quarter.

Vermont seemed to be in control when Utterback made a free throw with 44.2 seconds left for a 35-31 lead and teammate Anna Olson grabbed the rebound — her career-high 16th — that led to Catherine Gilwee making 1 of 2 free throws.

The Catamounts made just one of their next four free throws and Haegerstrand drained a 3-pointer with 9.1 seconds to go to put the Great Danes within 37-36.

In a desperation inbounds, Vermont guard Bella Vito went over the top to Delaney Richason, who was intentionally fouled. Richason made 1 of 2 from the line and on the ensuing possession Gilwee missed two free throws, leaving the door open for Albany.

The top two defensive teams and conference co-championships who split during the regular season, ended the first quarter tied at 4. Albany went 2 for 14 and Vermont was 2 for 15.

Utterback scored 11 points in a 13-0 run, giving her 13 points at halftime, and the Catamounts a 17-10 lead. At the break, Albany was shooting 16% and Vermont 22%.

The Catamounts were only 4 of 13 in the third quarter with their first two 3-pointers and stretched the lead to 30-17. Albany was 6 of 39 going into the fourth quarter.

__

AP women’s college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/womens-college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-womens-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top254CAROLINA PANTHERS (7-10)

UNRESTRICTED FREE AGENTS: QB Sam Darnold, RB D’Onta Foreman, OT Cameron Erving, G Michael Jordan, C Bradley Bozeman, WR Rashard Higgins, WR Andre Roberts, DE Henry Anderson, DT Matt Ioannidis, LB Cory Littleton, LB Joel Iyiegbuniwe, CB TJ Carrie, S Sean Chandler, S Juston Burris, K Eddy Pineiro.

RESTRICTED FREE AGENTS: QB P.J. Walker, S Myles Hartsfield, S Sam Franklin.

NEEDS: The Panthers agreed to a trade with the Chicago Bears for the No. 1 overall pick in the draft, two people familiar with the deal said Friday. Carolina gives up four draft picks and star wide receiver D.J. Moore. The Panthers plan to take a quarterback with the first overall pick, although it’s unclear if that will be C.J. Stroud, Bryce Young, Anthony Richardson or Will Levis. The decision to trade Moore, the team’s No. 1 receiver for the past five years, makes signing a wide receiver a major priority. The Panthers could also use the 39th overall pick to take a receiver. They will also look to sign a low-priced veteran QB to help develop their No. 1 pick. The Panthers will also be looking to add a pass-catching tight end, linebacker and defensive end in free agency. Carolina is hoping to re-sign RB D’Onta Foreman and C Bradley Bozeman before they hit free agency. Look for Carolina to restructure LB Shaq Thompson’s contract — he carries a $24 million cap number — or release him.

AVAILABLE SALARY CAP SPACE: $3 million.

___

AP NFL: https://apnews.com/hub/NFL and https://twitter.com/AP_NFLFILE - Baltimore Ravens quarterback Lamar Jackson speaks to the media at a press conference after an NFL football game against the Cincinnati Bengals, Oct. 9, 2022, in Baltimore. The Baltimore Ravens announced Tuesday, March 7, 2023, that they were designating Jackson as their franchise player, preventing him from becoming an unrestricted free agent this month after the expiration of his rookie contract. (AP Photo/Nick Wass, File)

FILE - Baltimore Ravens quarterback Lamar Jackson speaks to the media at a press conference after an NFL football game against the Cincinnati Bengals, Oct. 9, 2022, in Baltimore. The Baltimore Ravens announced Tuesday, March 7, 2023, that they were designating Jackson as their franchise player, preventing him from becoming an unrestricted free agent this month after the expiration of his rookie contract. (AP Photo/Nick Wass, File)

BALTIMORE RAVENS (10-8)

UNRESTRICTED FREE AGENTS: CB Marcus Peters, LB Justin Houston, CB Kyle Fuller, T Ja’Wuan James, WR Sammy Watkins, CB Trayvon Mullen, LB Jason Pierre-Paul, LB Steven Means, TE Josh Oliver, RB Kenyan Drake, LB Vince Biegel, WR Demarcus Robinson, CB Kevon Seymour, RB Justice Hill, G Ben Powers.

RESTRICTED FREE AGENTS: C Trystan Colon, QB Tyler Huntley, S Geno Stone, LB Kristian Welch, LB Del’Shawn Phillips, LS Nick Moore.

NEEDS: After putting the nonexclusive franchise tag on Lamar Jackson, the Ravens enter free agency in limbo in a variety of ways. Jackson can negotiate with other teams, and if he reaches an agreement with one, Baltimore can match it or let the star quarterback leave for two first-round draft picks. No matter who the quarterback is, the Ravens could really use an upgrade at receiver, but that might have to come via the trade route given their salary cap situation.

AVAILABLE SALARY CAP SPACE (approximately): $8 million over.

___

AP NFL coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/NFL and https://twitter.com/AP_NFLCollin Morikawa reacts after missing a putt for birdie on the 11th hole during the second round of the Players Championship golf tournament Friday, March 10, 2023, in Ponte Vedra Beach, Fla. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)

Collin Morikawa reacts after missing a putt for birdie on the 11th hole during the second round of the Players Championship golf tournament Friday, March 10, 2023, in Ponte Vedra Beach, Fla. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)

PONTE VEDRA BEACH, Fla. (AP) — Chad Ramey became the only player to reach double digits under par at The Players Championship. The TPC Sawgrass, as usual, had the final say.

Ramey put two tee shots in the water on the island-green 17th hole Friday for a quintuple-bogey that cost him a three-shot lead on a day of wild swings and, eventually, wild weather.

The second round was suspended with half the field unable to finish the round because of a storm system expected to dump a half-inch of rain on the Players Stadium Course.

Christiaan Bezuidenhout of South Africa and Adam Svensson of Canada shared the lead at 8-under par, both doing what it takes to stay in front on this course. They didn’t make a bogey Friday — Bezuidenhout through 14 holes, Svensson through 11 holes — and they have only one for the week.

Ben Griffin was the clubhouse leader. The former mortgage loan officer, who already had one close call in Bermuda late last year, was playing an exquisite round until taking double bogey on his final hole for a 1-under 71.

ADVERTISEMENT

Griffin was at at 6-under 138. Two-time major champion Collin Morikawa was 6 under through 11 holes, while Min Woo Lee was at 6 under with three holes left in his round.

“Kind of glad this rain delay and thunder came in and let the putter rest a little bit and hopefully come out hot tomorrow,” Morikawa said.

Players were to return at 7 a.m. Saturday to finish the second round. The third round is schedule for threesomes off both tees and should be able to finish before sundown. That depends on the pace of play, and some of that depends on Sawgrass.

Jon Rahm missed all of this. The world’s No. 1 player had a bad stomach bug and withdrew about 30 minutes before his tee time. That puts his ranking in jeopardy, as Scottie Scheffler and Rory McIlroy can overtake him.

The advantage goes to Scheffler, who looked shaky early and settled into his round. He birdied his last two holes of the day before the suspension — Nos. 9 and 10 — to get to 5 under. He has a 15-foot eagle putt on the 16th hole when play resumes.

McIlroy, meanwhile, took a double bogey on the sixth hole and was at 6 over for the tournament. He had eight holes to try to shave off four strokes that likely will be needed to make the cut.

ADVERTISEMENT

Rahm made every cut last year, and he last missed a cut on the PGA Tour at the Fortinet Championship in September 2021, right before the Ryder Cup.

The course handed out some brutal punishments in the second round.

Start with Max McGreevy, who was 20 shots worse than his opening round. He shot 89, tying the wrong kind of course record as the highest ever posted at the TPC Sawgrass. The other player who shot 89 was Michael Campbell in the first round in 2003.

Viktor Hovland was 5 under for his round through 11 holes, even getting a break when his tee shot on the par-3 17th bounced off the wooden frame of the island and onto the green. But then he ran into trouble over his final seven holes and had to settle for a 71.

Hovland was at 4-under 140 along with Will Gordon (67) and the resurgent Jason Day (70), a former world No. 1 who is slowly working his way back. Day began the year at No. 112 in the world, and he could take a big step this week in assuring he stays in the top 50 the next two weeks to get into the Masters.

ADVERTISEMENT

As for Jordan Spieth, he saw his tee shot in the air on his final hole at the par-5 ninth and figured it was time to clean out his locker. But instead of going into water — it was so far right the water typically isn’t in play — it hit a spectator in the leg and bounced back to the fairway. Spieth hit 3-wood to the collar of the green and chipped in for eagle.

That allowed him to salvage a 75, and he was safe to make the cut.

“I got an extremely lucky break on 9 or I wouldn’t be playing the weekend,” said Spieth, who was at even-par 144. “Trying to get that guy’s information and see literally whatever he wants this weekend. Because everything from here on out is because it hit him.”

Ramey opened with a 64 on Thursday and birdied two of his opening three holes to reach 10 under, expanding his lead to three. After his quintuple-bogey on the 17th, he had to make a 30-foot putt to save par on the 18th, and the dropped another shot on the first with a wild drive to the right. He was 4 under with eight holes left in his round.

___

AP golf: https://apnews.com/hub/golf and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsLAS VEGAS (AP) — Noah Baumann drilled a 3-pointer with 51 seconds remaining to lift Grand Canyon past top-seeded Sam Houston 78-75 in the semifinals of the Western Athletic Conference Tournament Friday night.

Grand Canyon, the tournament’s No. 5 seed, will play in Saturday’s championship game against the winner of the semifinal between No. 2 Utah Valley and No. 3 Southern Utah.

Kobe Knox shot 6 for 6 from beyond the arc and 3 of 3 from the free throw line to score 21 points to lead the Antelopes (20-11). Baumann shot 5 for 8 (4 for 7 from 3-point range) and 3 of 5 from the free throw line to add 17 points. Chance McMillian shot 6 for 12, including 5 for 9 from beyond the arc to finish with 17 points.

Qua Grant finished with 24 points and eight assists for the Bearkats (24-6). Kaosi Ezeagu added 11 points for Sam Houston. Donte Powers also recorded 11 points. The loss ended a six-game winning streak for the Bearkats.

ADVERTISEMENT

Baumann scored a team-high 10 points for Grand Canyon in the second half, including his game-winning shot in the final minute.

___

The Associated Press created this story using technology provided by Data Skrive and data from Sportradar .FILE - Green Bay Packers' Aaron Rodgers walks off the field after an NFL football game against the Detroit Lions, Sunday, Jan. 8, 2023, in Green Bay, Wis. Rodgers says he will make a decision on his future “soon enough” as the four-time MVP quarterback ponders whether to play this season and if his future remains with the Packers. (AP Photo/Morry Gash, File)

FILE - Green Bay Packers' Aaron Rodgers walks off the field after an NFL football game against the Detroit Lions, Sunday, Jan. 8, 2023, in Green Bay, Wis. Rodgers says he will make a decision on his future “soon enough” as the four-time MVP quarterback ponders whether to play this season and if his future remains with the Packers. (AP Photo/Morry Gash, File)

GREEN BAY, Wis. (AP) — Green Bay Packers president/CEO Mark Murphy confirmed that the team granted the New York Jets permission to talk with Aaron Rodgers and would honor a trade request if the four-time MVP quarterback makes one.

Murphy made those comments Friday while speaking during a broadcast of the Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Association girls basketball championships that aired on Green Bay television station WCWF.

“We’re really hopeful that we can reach a resolution that works not only for Aaron but for us,” Murphy said.

Murphy’s comments follow reports that Jets owner Woody Johnson, coach Robert Saleh and general manager Joe Douglas visited Rodgers’ home in southern California earlier this week.

Rodgers, 39, has said since the end of the season that he’s still deciding whether to return to the Packers, request a trade or retire. Rodgers also has noted the possibility the Packers might want to move on and hand the starting quarterback job to 2020 first-round draft pick Jordan Love.

ADVERTISEMENT

Murphy was asked if there’s any scenario in which Rodgers returns as the Packers’ starting quarterback. Murphy said he could envision that possibility but added that “I think it’s trying to find what he wants and what we want. Hopefully we can find a win-win situation.”

Murphy said he wanted a resolution on Rodgers’ future by the start of free agency on Wednesday.

“It’s in everybody’s interest to resolve it sooner rather than later,” Murphy said.

Murphy also addressed the topic in a separate interview with Green Bay television station WBAY.

“Very few players play for only one team,” Murphy told WBAY. “Obviously Brett (Favre) had a great career. Aaron had a great career here. Regardless of what happens, Aaron will be in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. He’ll be in our Hall of Fame. We’ll bring him back, retire his number. This is just one of the things that we go through as a team. We want to try to achieve something that’s good for both Aaron and us.”

Rodgers earned MVP honors with the Packers in 2020 and 2021 but is coming off a 2022 season in which he had his lowest passer rating as a starter and threw 12 interceptions, his highest total since 2008. The Packers went 8-9 and missed the playoffs to end a string of three straight NFC North titles.

___

AP NFL: https://apnews.com/hub/nfl and https://twitter.com/AP_NFLFORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — Kevin Cross had 24 points in Tulane’s 82-76 win over Wichita State on Friday in the American Athletic Conference Tournament quarterfinals.

The Green Wave, the tournament’s No. 3 seed, will face second-seeded Memphis in Saturday’s semifinals.

Cross added 13 rebounds for the Green Wave (19-10). Jaylen Forbes scored 19 points while shooting 6 for 14 (4 for 10 from 3-point range) and 3 of 4 from the free throw line, and added seven rebounds. R.J. McGee shot 4 for 7 (2 for 5 from 3-point range) and 7 of 8 from the free throw line to finish with 17 points, while adding seven rebounds.

Craig Porter Jr. finished with 22 points, six rebounds, 11 assists and two steals for the Shockers (16-14). Wichita State also got 14 points and two blocks from James Rojas. In addition, Jaykwon Walton finished with 13 points and six rebounds.

Tulane went into halftime ahead of Wichita State 46-40. Cross scored 14 points in the half. Cross led Tulane with 10 second-half points.

___

The Associated Press created this story using technology provided by Data Skrive and data from Sportradar .CLEVELAND (AP) — RayJ Dennis scored 28 points as top-seeded Toledo advanced to the Mid-American Conference Tournament championship with its 17th straight win, 82-75 over Ohio on Friday night.

The Rockets (27-6), who haven’t been to the NCAA Tournament since 1980, matched the school record for wins in a season set by the 2013-14 squad.

Now, they can end their long NCAA drought by beating the Akron-Kent State semifinal winner in Saturday’s title game for the MAC’s automatic bid.

Dante Maddox Jr. added 20 points for Toledo, which is 0-5 in MAC title games since winning it 43 years ago.

Jaylin Hunter made seven 3-pointers and scored 27 and Devon Baker added 17 for fifth-seeded Ohio (19-13), which stayed close and pulled within 76-72 after AJ Brown made three free throws with 55.3 seconds left.

But Toledo, which lost in the semis last year to Akron, was able to hang on despite missing four free throws in the final 51 seconds.

ADVERTISEMENT

The MAC’s player of the year, Davis set the tone from the outset for Toledo, which entered the tournament as the nation’s second-highest scoring team at 85.9 points per game.

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25NORFOLK, Va. (AP) — Shy Odom had 16 points and 10 rebounds, William Settle also scored 16 points and Howard beat Maryland-Eastern Shore 74-55 on Friday night in the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference Tournament.

Marcus Dockery recorded 10 points and shot 4 for 8, including 2 for 5 from beyond the arc for the Bison (21-12).

Kevon Voyles and Chace Davis eached scored nine points for the Hawks (18-13).

___

The Associated Press created this story using technology provided by Data Skrive and data from Sportradar .LAS VEGAS (AP) — Max Shulga had 19 points in Utah State’s 72-62 win against Boise State on Saturday in the Mountain West Conference Tournament semifinals.

Utah Valley, the tournament’s No. 3 seed, will face top-seeded San Diego State in Saturday’s championship game.

Shulga added five assists for the Aggies (24-7). Steven Ashworth scored 14 points, shooting 4 for 13 (3 for 10 from 3-point range) and 3 of 5 from the free throw line. R.J. Eytle-Rock shot 4 of 6 from the field and 4 for 4 from the line to finish with 13 points.

Marcus Shaver Jr. led the way for the Broncos (23-8) with 14 points and eight rebounds. Boise State also got 14 points from Naje Smith. In addition, Tyson Degenhart finished with 13 points.

Sean Bairstow scored nine points in the first half and Utah State went into the break trailing 36-28. Utah State turned a three-point second-half advantage into a 12-point lead with a 12-3 run to make it 68-56 with 1:06 remaining in the half. Shulga scored 14 second-half points in the win.

___

The Associated Press created this story using technology provided by Data Skrive and data from Sportradar .KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Skylar Vann scored 21 points, including the game-winning layup with 2.2 seconds left and 14th-ranked Oklahoma avoided possibly the biggest upset in Big 12 Tournament history with a 77-76 win over TCU in the quarterfinals on Friday night.

The Horned Frogs appeared poised to be the first 10th-seed to ever beat a two-seed when Lucy Ibeh scored inside with 4.8 seconds to play. But after a timeout, Taylor Robertson threw a deep inbounds pass to Vann, who was set up on the right side of the lane, and she spun to her right and went across the lane for the basket.

Robertson made 5-of-6 3-pointers and scored 17 points for the Sooners (25-5), who will face Iowa State in the semifinals on Saturday. Aubrey Joens came off the bench to score 15 points, going 3 of 5 behind the arc. Madi Williams, who injured a knee in the regular-season finale, scored six points while wearing a brace.

ADVERTISEMENT

Joens will face her sister, Big 12 Player of the Year Ashley Jones of Iowa State, in Saturday’s semifinal.

Ibeh was 10-of-13 shooting and had 24 points for the Horned Frogs (8-23), who went 1-17 in league playing and losing to Oklahoma 93-66 and 101-78. Tara Manumaleuga had 15 points and seven assists and Tomi Taiwo added 11 points.

The game was also the last for TCU coach Reagan Pebley, who announced last week she was stepping down after nine seasons.

Ibeh was amazing down the stretch, scoring the last 11 TCU points over 3 1/2 minutes. The Horned Frogs were 8 of 9 in the final five minutes.

Van, the league’s Sixth Player of the Year for the second-straight season, had Oklahoma’s final six points.

__

AP women’s college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/womens-college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-womens-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top254Chicago Blackhawks (22-37-6, eighth in the Central Division) vs. Tampa Bay Lightning (38-21-6, third in the Atlantic Division)

Tampa, Florida; Saturday, 7 p.m. EST

FANDUEL SPORTSBOOK NHL LINE : Lightning -446, Blackhawks +342; over/under is 6.5

BOTTOM LINE: The Tampa Bay Lightning host the Chicago Blackhawks after Brayden Point’s two-goal game against the Vegas Golden Knights in the Lightning’s 4-3 overtime loss.

Tampa Bay has a 23-5-5 record at home and a 38-21-6 record overall. The Lightning are second in NHL play serving 12.2 penalty minutes per game.

Chicago has gone 9-19-3 on the road and 22-37-6 overall. The Blackhawks have a -69 scoring differential, with 162 total goals scored and 231 given up.

The matchup Saturday is the second time these teams play this season. The Lightning won 4-1 in the last meeting. Point led the Lightning with two goals.

TOP PERFORMERS: Steven Stamkos has scored 27 goals with 39 assists for the Lightning. Point has nine goals and eight assists over the last 10 games.

ADVERTISEMENT

Seth Jones has 10 goals and 21 assists for the Blackhawks. Cole Guttman has scored three goals and added one assist over the past 10 games.

LAST 10 GAMES: Lightning: 3-4-3, averaging 3.3 goals, 6.2 assists, 5.3 penalties and 17.4 penalty minutes while giving up 3.9 goals per game.

Blackhawks: 4-5-1, averaging 2.6 goals, 4.3 assists, 3.5 penalties and 8.7 penalty minutes while giving up 2.9 goals per game.

INJURIES: Lightning: Pierre-Edouard Bellemare: day to day (undisclosed), Victor Hedman: day to day (undisclosed).

Blackhawks: Colin Blackwell: out (groin), Alex Stalock: day to day (illness), Jonathan Toews: out (illness), Reese Johnson: out (concussion), Anders Bjork: day to day (undisclosed), Andreas Englund: out (hamstring), Connor Murphy: day to day (personal).

___

The Associated Press created this story using technology provided by Data Skrive and data from Sportradar .Alabama looking for another SEC double dip in Nashville

Alabama head coach Nate Oats talks to an official during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game against Texas A&M in College Station, Texas, Saturday, March 4, 2023. (Logan Hannigan-Downs/College Station Eagle via AP)

Alabama head coach Nate Oats talks to an official during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game against Texas A&M in College Station, Texas, Saturday, March 4, 2023. (Logan Hannigan-Downs/College Station Eagle via AP)

NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — The Southeastern Conference Tournament is back in Music City after a one-year detour to Florida, and almost anyone could go home with this championship.

Eight teams currently are projected to make the NCAA Tournament when the bracket is announced Sunday, with Mississippi State on the bubble. The SEC has five ranked teams , led by No. 4 Alabama, with both Vanderbilt and Arkansas also receiving votes.

Alabama is in position to repeat the same double dip the Crimson Tide managed in Nashville in 2021 when they paired the SEC regular-season title with the tournament championship.

First, the Tide (26-5) must shake their slow-starting woes. They have faced double-digit deficits in each of the last three games, including a 67-61 loss in the regular-season finale at Texas A&M . Alabama won’t play until Friday against either Mississippi State or Florida.

“If we had the exact answer, I’d try to fix it,” Alabama coach Nate Oats said.

ADVERTISEMENT

No. 17 Tennessee (22-9) is the defending tournament champ after snapping its own 41-year drought. The Volunteers can only hope that experience, plus playing close to Knoxville, helps snap their five-game SEC road skid.

Tennessee coach Rick Barnes said Tuesday that the time for inconsistencies is over, with every game approached like a title opportunity, whether there are two or 10 games remaining.

“It’s time everybody does exactly what this team needs to do to move on,” Barnes said.

And then there’s AP SEC coach of the year Buzz Williams, who has No. 18 Texas A&M on the same side of the bracket as No. 23 Kentucky, which hasn’t won this event since 2018.

The tournament starts Wednesday night, with free tickets being offered to attract fans to Bridgestone Arena for the opening session featuring the league’s bottom four seeds: Mississippi plays South Carolina, followed by LSU and Georgia.

KENTUCKY’S DROUGHT

The Wildcats haven’t won the SEC Tournament title since their 31st in 2018. They teetered on the NCAA bubble for much of the SEC slate before earning the No. 3 seed. They play the last game Friday night, giving coach John Calipari time to figure out a point guard.

Hours after Sahvir Wheeler underwent a medical procedure that Calipari said would sideline him for a couple of weeks, starting guard Cason Wallace hurt his left leg last week in a loss to Vanderbilt. Calipari hopes Wallace and CJ Fredrick (ribs) can practice this week. He also needs more from his reserves.

ADVERTISEMENT

“The guys on the bench, the greatest thing is they’ve all had an opportunity now,” Calipari said on his radio show.

MISSING PLAYERS

Several teams will be missing key contributors in Nashville. The Volunteers lost starting point guard Zakai Zeigler to a torn ACL last week in a win over Arkansas. Vanderbilt lost M Liam Robbins to a lower leg injury requiring season-ending surgery in its win at Kentucky last week.

Florida big man Colin Castleton has missed the last five games with a broken right hand , with the Gators going 2-3 in his absence. He is the Gators’ leading scorer and rebounder and still ranks eighth nationally with 78 blocked shots and fourth averaging three blocks a game.

ADVERTISEMENT

MILLER AT HOME

Alabama freshman Brandon Miller, the AP SEC player and newcomer of the year , will be playing in his hometown. Being back in Nashville won’t protect him from fans of opposing teams who have taunted the SEC’s leading scorer with a variety of chants.

Police said Miller delivered the gun used in the shooting death of 23-year-old Jamea Harris in January, though Miller’s attorney said he never handled it and didn’t know it was going to be used for a crime.

STREAKING

Coach Jerry Stackhouse has Vanderbilt playing its best at the right time. The Commodores have won three straight and eight of nine, a stretch including their first win at Rupp Arena since 2007 , a buzzer-beating win over Tennessee and a sweep of Florida.

No. 25 Missouri won’t play until Friday after winning four straight in coach Dennis Gates’ debut season. Georgia has the league’s longest skid at five consecutive losses.

ADVERTISEMENT

___

AP Sports Writers Mark Long, Gary B. Graves and John Zenor contributed to this report.

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top251 of 8 Arkansas coach Eric Musselman looks on during the closing minutes of an NCAA college basketball game against Texas A&M in the quarterfinals of the Southeastern Conference Tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Nashville, Tenn. (AP Photo/John Amis) 1 of 8 Arkansas coach Eric Musselman looks on during the closing minutes of an NCAA college basketball game against Texas A&M in the quarterfinals of the Southeastern Conference Tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Nashville, Tenn. (AP Photo/John Amis)

NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Arkansas coach Eric Musselman made it very clear he wasn’t happy with a loss to No. 18 Texas A&M and an early exit at the Southeastern Conference Tournament.

Razorbacks assistants had to restrain Musselman a couple times during a 67-61 loss Friday night in the quarterfinals in which the Aggies rallied from a 13-point deficit.

After the game, a student journalist tweeted that his phone was grabbed and thrown to the ground by an Arkansas staffer who was walking behind Musselman as he left the court .

The Kentucky Kernel, the independent student newspaper at the University of Kentucky, put out a statement after the incident that involved its journalist.

“The Kentucky Kernel is appalled by the actions of the Arkansas men’s basketball program. ... no journalist, especially a student journalist, should be subjected to violence for simply doing their job,” the statement said.

ADVERTISEMENT

Musselman didn’t mention any outbursts when he met with reporters postgame.

“If you get down 7-0 in the foul count at any level, whether it’s CYO, college, the NBA, it affects your aggressiveness defensively, especially a team that shoots foul shots percentage-wise as well as Texas A&M has all season long,” Musselman said.

Wade Taylor scored 18 points to help Texas A&M (24-8) advance for the second straight year to the semifinals, where it will play Vanderbilt, which beat Kentucky.

Arkansas (20-13) now must wait until Sunday’s NCAA Tournament bracket announcement to learn its postseason fate.

Musselman said it was going to take some time to get over this stinging loss.

“For much of the game we had a lead. I mean, we had a lead for 27 minutes or whatever,” Musselman said. “Obviously we played a very good first half and a poor second half. I give Texas A&M credit for their second-half play.”

Coach Buzz Williams said his second-seeded Aggies were not good in the first half and it didn’t help that Taylor was in foul trouble early.

“We tried to play him offense for defense as best we could,” Williams said. “Nine turnovers is not good. Nine blocked shots is not good. The reason they shot 55% is 18 times we gave them the ball and never got our defense set.”

Henry Coleman III had 16 points and 11 rebounds for Texas A&M. Dennis Dexter and Tyrece Radford each added 11 points.

ADVERTISEMENT

Nick Smith led Arkansas with 16 points and Makhi Mitchell finished with 15.

Jordan Walsh made a 3-pointer at the buzzer to give the Razorbacks a 38-25 lead at halftime.

Texas A&M trailed 40-27 early in the second half before surging to take a 46-45 lead on Dexter’s jump shot with 10:26 remaining.

Coleman said none of the Aggies panicked.

“Our leaders stepped up and said the right things,” Coleman said. “Coach came in and prepared us for the second half. We weren’t really playing Texas A&M basketball in the first half. I thought our ability to get downhill, control the free-throw line and control the glass was a huge key.”

BIG PICTURE

Texas A&M outrebounded Arkansas 43-26 and had a 36-28 scoring edge in the paint. ... Arkansas had nine steals in forcing Texas A&M into 15 turnovers. The Razorbacks used that to give them a 15-5 scoring difference in fast-break points. They also had a big advantage in blocked shots at 11-2.

ADVERTISEMENT

UP NEXT

Arkansas: Will wait to see where it will play next.

Texas A&M: Semifinals in the SEC tourney against Vanderbilt.

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — The ascension of the Minnesota Wild in the Western Conference standings hit some turbulence this week with an injury to leading scorer Kirill Kaprizov that will keep the superstar left wing out for at least three to four weeks.

The Wild might need to catch a few more rides on the “Gus Bus” in the meantime.

Goalie Filip Gustavsson has an active shutout streak of 170 minutes and 45 seconds, the third-longest in franchise history, that has further solidified him as a fan favorite in his first season in Minnesota and one of the NHL’s most unexpected breakout players.

“I play the way I want to right now,” Gustavsson said on Friday before the Wild departed for their game at San Jose on Saturday. “It makes my game feel calmer and on time, all the time. It makes the saves much easier.”

Acquired in a trade with Ottawa for goalie Cam Talbot, Gustavsson arrived as a clear-cut backup to Marc-Andre Fleury after Wild general manager Bill Guerin opted to avoid the potential tension of having accomplished veterans Fleury and Talbot vie for the same net.

ADVERTISEMENT

Gustavsson, however, has played his way into a time share with Fleury, if not overtaken the 19-year veteran on the depth chart. Gustavsson is second in the league in both goals against average (1.91) and save percentage (.935) among goalies with more than 20 games played. He has started nine of Minnesota’s last 14 games, with Fleury taking the other five.

“Gus has been real calm in his approach, his professionalism, right from day one since he got here,” said coach Dean Evason, who has been quick to credit Fleury’s performance and presence as much as Gustavsson’s throughout the season.

Fleury has won four straight starts himself, allowing just five goals during his streak. Gustavsson has given up 11 goals over his last nine starts. The Wild are 9-0-2 in their last 11 games, thanks in no small part to their goaltending, to settle in second place in the Central Division. Gustavsson, who had only 23 starts in the NHL with the Senators prior to the trade, has quickly gained the confidence of his teammates.

“The trust is me making that first save, and then they help me if there’s a rebound,” the 24-year-old Swede said. “When I try and play my calm game, I think it helps for the players to feel more calm also. It feels more secure in a way, I guess.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Ranking just 26th out of 32 teams in the league with an average of 2.75 goals per game, the Wild took quite a hit when Kaprizov was sidelined by a lower-body injury that will force the first extended absence of his career. With 74 points, Kaprizov — who has played in 214 of a possible 216 games including the playoffs with the Wild — has had a hand in 41% of their goals.

“It’s always a bad thing when someone’s hurt, but it might help the team to get a few more goal scorers and take more ice,” Gustavsson said.

Sam Steel slotted in the first line with Ryan Hartman and Mats Zuccarello at practice on Friday, when players were remarkably upbeat in the locker room afterward given the bad news about their leading scorer and popular teammate.

ADVERTISEMENT

“We’ve just got to be a collective effort and all have the same goal in mind to try and win hockey games,” Zuccarello said. “We would like to do it with him as a friend and a teammate, but right now he can enjoy his three, four weeks off and get some energy and be hopefully full of energy and ready to go in the playoffs.”

___

AP NHL: https://apnews.com/hub/NHL and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsA fan of the Puerto Rico baseball team gets his hair dried after it was bleached as part of a mass hair dying event in an attempt to break the Guinness World Record for the most hair dyed in eight hours in Guaynabo, Puerto Rico, Friday, March 10, 2023. Going blond, which began as a joke among team members playing in California many years ago, was set up by fans to show support for their team competing at the World Baseball Classic. (AP Photo/Alejandro Granadillo)

A fan of the Puerto Rico baseball team gets his hair dried after it was bleached as part of a mass hair dying event in an attempt to break the Guinness World Record for the most hair dyed in eight hours in Guaynabo, Puerto Rico, Friday, March 10, 2023. Going blond, which began as a joke among team members playing in California many years ago, was set up by fans to show support for their team competing at the World Baseball Classic. (AP Photo/Alejandro Granadillo)

SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — The blonds are back.

Puerto Rico on Friday broke the Guinness World record for the most hair dyed, with 192 men going blond to support the U.S. territory’s team that is vying to win the World Baseball Classic after finishing twice as runner-up.

The team’s players first dyed their hair blond ahead of the 2017 World Baseball Classic as a joke, unexpectedly unleashing a dyeing craze in Puerto Rico that left pharmacies and beauty supply stores bereft of hair dye.

The tournament is usually held every four years, but the pandemic delayed it by two years, so after six years of no dye jobs and no “Team Rubio!” cheers, many Puerto Ricans were eager to see if the trend would continue.

The players obliged and repeated the tradition this year, and people in the island of overwhelmingly dark hair once again responded via platinum blond, dirty blond and even burnt orange locks and beards to show their support.

ADVERTISEMENT

“The more blond hair, the more united we’ll be as a people,” photographer Miguel Rodríguez Camilo said while waiting for his dark hair to change color.

He was one of more than 200 men who showed up for the mass bleaching event Friday. Some were disqualified for various reasons, including that they didn’t take the obligatory “before” picture.

Guinness World record adjudicator Natalia Ramírez noted that a handful were disqualified because they already had white or graying hair.

“If you can’t really see a change, it doesn’t count,” she said.

Participants sat in an outdoor area for up to 45 minutes wearing plastic shower caps as they laughed at each other, took selfies and observed themselves in their smartphones as colorists came by and peeked under the shower caps.

“I wasn’t going to do it, but my colleagues pressured me into it,” said William Davidowski, a 51-year-old with naturally dark brown hair who works at the insurance company that helped organize the event.

The World Baseball Classic just started, but Davidowski wasn’t sure how long he will stay a blond.

“It depends on how it looks,” he said with a laugh.

He walked out nearly an hour later with a baseball cap on.

Organizers of the event had eight hours to beat the previous record, set in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in March 2013 when 160 people dyed their hair. More than five hours after Friday’s event began, participant No. 161, the man responsible for breaking the record, walked in to the applause and yells of those gathered.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Let’s always support our guys,” Tomás Nieves, a 22-year-old air conditioning technician, said in a low whisper, explaining that he was nervous about all the attention.

Team Rubio, as Puerto Rico’s team is known, almost adopted another hair color this year.

There was talk about players dyeing their hair blue, “but some boys got a little shy,” New York Mets shortstop Francisco Lindor said at a recent news conference.

Then Detroit Tigers shortstop Javier Báez posted a picture on Instagram with newly dyed blond hair and, “that was that,” Lindor said.

This time, the team was prepared. It hired five barbers and colorists, compared with the lone barber and colorist from 2017. A local university that helped organize Friday’s event bought 79 pounds of bleach.

ADVERTISEMENT

“The people of Puerto Rico embraced it. It did them and us well as a team. So why not continue with this tradition?” Yadier Molina, former St. Louis Cardinals catcher and Team Puerto Rico’s manager, said earlier this week.

It remains to be seen whether all that blond power will translate into a win.

Puerto Rico’s first game is Saturday against Nicaragua, and then it faces Venezuela on Sunday.Indiana head coach Mike Woodson directs his team during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game against Maryland at the Big Ten men's tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast)

Indiana head coach Mike Woodson directs his team during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game against Maryland at the Big Ten men's tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast)

CHICAGO (AP) — Malik Reneau knows as well as anyone just how hard it is to defend Indiana’s Trayce Jackson-Davis, so he had an idea what Maryland was going through.

His teammate is just about impossible to stop in practice. And the Hoosiers’ star is no easier to guard in games.

Jackson-Davis scored 24 points, Jalen Hood-Schifino added 19 points, and No. 19 Indiana beat Maryland 70-60 in the quarterfinals of the Big Ten Tournament on Friday night.

The third-seeded Hoosiers (22-10) went on a 20-2 run in the second half to wipe out a seven-point deficit and got payback for a loss at Maryland (21-12) on Jan. 31. They will face No. 10 seed Penn State in the semifinals on Saturday. The Nittany Lions hung on to beat Northwestern 67-65 in overtime when Chase Audige’s 3 in the final second rolled off the rim.

Jackson-Davis had nine rebounds, seven assists and four blocks.

“It’s tough,” Reneau said. “Just knowing that he’s an All-American. He got a variety of moves, and he just goes hard every time he plays.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Hood-Schifino added six rebounds and three blocks. Reneau grabbed 11 rebounds, and Indiana won its second in a row after losing three of five.

“The fight from this team,” Jackson-Davis said. “Everyone’s on the same page, everyone’s engaging. We came here for one reason, that’s to win a championship, and I think everybody understands that. We’re going to play as hard as we can to get that done.”

Hakim Hart led Maryland with 16 points. Jahmir Young made just 3 of 15 shots and finished with 12 points as the Terps lost for the third time in four games.

Maryland, which beat Minnesota a night earlier, fell to 4-8 all-time in the Big Ten Tournament. The Terps have never won more than one game since joining the conference in the 2014-15 season.

But coach Kevin Willard focused more on what his team has accomplished in his first season than the recent losses.

“I love my team,” he said. “I don’t know what I have to refocus. We’ve won 21 games. Like you can go refocus. Maybe you should. Because I’m proud of this team, and this team’s pretty damn good.”

THE BIG RUN

Indiana, which rallied from 12 down to beat Michigan in overtime on Sunday, trailed 41-34 early in the second half when Miller Kopp hit a 3 to start the decisive run.

ADVERTISEMENT

Hood-Schifino tied it at 43 with a layup after Jackson-Davis blocked Scott and put Indiana on top about a minute later with a free throw. Jackson-Davis converted a three-point play off a miss by Hood-Schifino, then hit a layup and two free throws.

Tamar Bates brought the crowd to its feet when he buried a 3 to make it 54-43 with 9:36 left, and the Hoosiers were never really threatened after that. It was a six-point game with just over two minutes remaining when Hood-Schifino nailed a 3 that drew another deafening roar and sealed the win for Indiana.

TERPS LEAD EARLY

Maryland led 34-32 at halftime behind eight points by Hart and a big advantage from beyond the arc. The Terps nailed 6 3-pointers while the Hoosiers made just one.

Maryland went on an 11-0 run midway through the half that Young finished with a 3 to extend the lead to 24-17. But Indiana closed on a stronger note.

ADVERTISEMENT

A layup by Jackson-Davis with just under a minute remaining pulled Indiana within two and brought the large contingent of Hoosiers fans to their feet.

TIP-INS

Maryland: The Terps made 9 of 24 3-pointers but shot just 32.3% overall. They were also outscored 36-18 in the paint.

Indiana: The Hoosiers did what they wanted down the stretch, taking control with that big run and remaining in command the rest of the way.

UP NEXT

Maryland: The Terrapins wait for the NCAA Tournament announcement on Sunday.

Indiana: The Hoosiers will try to get back at Penn State for an 85-66 loss in Happy Valley on Jan. 11.

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25AHMEDABAD, India (AP) — Shubman Gill regaled the Saturday morning crowd in Ahmedabad with a half-century as he took India’s first innings to 129-1 at lunch on day three of the fourth test against Australia. At the first break, Gill was unbeaten on 65 runs, with Cheteshwar Pujara (22 not out) for company. India still trails Australia by 351 runs in the first innings.

The Australian team, led by acting captain Steve Smith in the third and fourth tests, wore black armbands as a mark of respect for Pat Cummins’ mother, Maria, who died in Sydney on Friday. Regular captain Cummins had flown home immediately after the second test in New Delhi to be with his family.

Starting from overnight on 36-0, Gill and Rohit Sharma added another 38 runs for the first wicket. Overall, their opening stand put on 74 runs in 21 overs.

Sharma was out caught at cover off Matthew Kuhnemann (1-20). The wicket came against the run of play as the Indian captain played a loose aerial stroke. He had scored 35 off 58 balls, including three fours and a six. India managed 45-1 in the first hour of play. Gill stepped up a notch in the second hour, bringing up his third half-century on home soil off 90 balls. India crossed 100 in the 29th over. While the pitch had been a benign batting surface for the first two days, the Australian spinners, in particular Nathan Lyon, were able to extract more bite and some turn off it. Lyon bowled 13 overs for 0-30. Even so, Gill and Pujara negotiated the second half of the morning session without much fuss, adding 55 runs off 97 balls before the lunch break. On day one, Usman Khawaja had scored his first test hundred on Indian soil. On day two, his knock of 180 and Cameron Green’s maiden test hundred (114) propelled Australia into a commanding position. India has an unassailable 2-1 lead in the four-match series. It won the first two tests in Nagpur and Delhi but Australia was victorious at Indore.

___

More AP cricket: https://apnews.com/hub/cricket and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsFILE - Alabama forward Darius Miles looks to pass in the second half an NCAA college basketball game against LSU in Baton Rouge, La., March 5, 2022. Former Alabama basketball player Darius Miles has been indicted by a grand jury on capital murder charges for the January shooting death of a 23-year-old woman near campus, his lawyer confirmed to The Associated Press on Friday, March 10, 2023, (AP Photo/Gerald Herbert, File)

FILE - Alabama forward Darius Miles looks to pass in the second half an NCAA college basketball game against LSU in Baton Rouge, La., March 5, 2022. Former Alabama basketball player Darius Miles has been indicted by a grand jury on capital murder charges for the January shooting death of a 23-year-old woman near campus, his lawyer confirmed to The Associated Press on Friday, March 10, 2023, (AP Photo/Gerald Herbert, File)

TUSCALOOSA, Ala. (AP) — Former Alabama basketball player Darius Miles and another man have been indicted by a grand jury on capital murder charges for the January shooting death of a 23-year-old woman near campus, defense lawyers confirmed to The Associated Press on Friday.

Miles was charged with capital murder in the shooting death of Jamea Harris, his defense lawyer Mary Turner told the AP. Michael Davis, who police investigators said was the triggerman, was also indicted, his lawyer, John Charles Robbins, said.

Tuscaloosa County District Attorney Hays Webb told AL.com that the indictments against Miles and Davis, who’ve been held without bond since their arrest, were issued on Wednesday .

Harris was sitting in a car when she was struck by a bullet. A police investigator testified last month that Miles provided the handgun Davis allegedly used in the shooting.

During a court hearing last month, Turner suggested Miles was in a defensive posture when he told Davis where the gun was located.

ADVERTISEMENT

But prosecutors maintained there was ample evidence to pursue charges in the shooting, which happened early Jan. 15 on “The Strip,” a district of bars and restaurants near the Tuscaloosa campus. Testimony at the hearing last month indicated there had been some type of verbal altercation before the shooting.

The Turner Law Group, which is representing Miles, issued a statement Friday, saying they were disappointed by the decision to pursue capital murder charges “considering the evidence uncovered during our investigation and the obvious weaknesses in the government’s case brought to light during the preliminary hearing.”

Davis maintains he is innocent, Robbins, his attorney, said. “I look forward to the opportunity to vigorously defend Michael at trial and to defend his right to protect himself when somebody points a gun at him and shoots him,” Robbins said.

Miles was a reserve on the Crimson Tide, but an ankle injury sidelined him for the rest of the season. After he was charged in January, Alabama said he was “removed from campus” and the team.

During the February court hearing, Tuscaloosa Police investigator Brandon Culpepper testified that Miles texted Tide freshman basketball star Brandon Miller to bring him his gun. Police have said another player, guard Jaden Bradley, also was at the scene.

Neither Miller nor Bradley have been charged with anything.

ADVERTISEMENT

“This whole situation is just really heartbreaking, but respectfully that’s all I’m going to be able to say on that,” Miller told reporters Wednesday in his first public comments about the case.

Both Miller and Bradley have continued to play as the No. 4-ranked team in the country makes its way through the Southeastern Conference Tournament ahead of the NCAA Tournament. Miller scored 18 points and had nine rebounds in Friday’s SEC quarterfinal win over Mississippi State.

In the postgame news conference, Miller was asked his thoughts on the indictment. He said, “I can’t — I’m not going to be able to say on that.”

Coach Nate Oats was asked whether he has a weapons policy for his team, and said that “our players are required to follow the university policy on guns, which essentially bans them on campus.”

He also was asked who was involved in deciding whether Miller and Bradley could continue to play.

ADVERTISEMENT

“It’s been a difficult situation, as you understand. I mean, we’re dealing with a criminal matter,” Oats said, adding that as the school received “facts from law enforcement as they do their investigation,” “this was a decision made, based on all the facts we had, with, obviously, my boss, (Director of Athletics) Greg Byrne; his boss, (President) Dr. (Stuart) Bell; and the Board of Trustees.

“And everybody was comfortable, and based on the information we had, Brandon didn’t break any school policy or team policy, so ... I was comfortable with the decision that was made.”

Harris’ mother told reporters last month that she is frustrated by the focus on basketball instead of her daughter’s death. She said her daughter was a beautiful person who was trying to have a night out with friends when she was killed.

“She has a 5-year-old son that is still waiting for his mother to come home,” DeCarla Heard told reporters. “I want justice for my grandson.”

Oats was asked Friday whether he has spoken to Harris’ family.

“Listen, this whole situation has been, obviously, as you know, hard to deal with, tragic, to have any involvement in a young woman losing her life. What you ask is a private matter. I’m not going to discuss publicly with everybody,” he said. “A lot of this is just hard to deal with, to be honest with you. But it’s a private matter.”

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25FILE - Britain's Tyson Fury, center, celebrates after beating Britain's Dillian Whyte during their WBC heavyweight title boxing fight at Wembley Stadium in London, Saturday, April 23, 2022. Tyson Fury is only interested in fighting Oleksandr Usyk to become undisputed world heavyweight champion if he gets 70% of the earnings from the bout. (AP Photo/Ian Walton, File)

FILE - Britain's Tyson Fury, center, celebrates after beating Britain's Dillian Whyte during their WBC heavyweight title boxing fight at Wembley Stadium in London, Saturday, April 23, 2022. Tyson Fury is only interested in fighting Oleksandr Usyk to become undisputed world heavyweight champion if he gets 70% of the earnings from the bout. (AP Photo/Ian Walton, File)

Oleksandr Usyk took to social media on Friday to accept Tyson Fury’s terms for a fight to become undisputed world heavyweight champion.

Time appeared to be running out to arrange a deal between the titleholders for a proposed April 29 fight in London, with Usyk’s promoter, Alex Krassyuk, saying their latest offer — a 60-40 split to the winner — was rejected by Fury and his camp.

That prompted Fury, the WBC champion, to publish a video on Instagram on Friday, saying he would fight only if there was a 70-30 split of earnings from the bout in his favor.

“I see all this talk about boxing fights, that they want 50%, Tyson being greedy,” Fury said. “Where I’m standing: Usyk, you and your team are worth 30%.

“You either take it or leave it.”

Usyk, a Ukrainian former cruiserweight champion who owns the WBA, IBF and WBO belts at heavyweight, responded with his own video on Twitter. He accepted that split and included a caveat about Fury making a donation of 1 million pounds ($1.2 million) to those affected by the war in Ukraine.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Hey, greedy belly,” Usyk said. “I accept your offer — 70-30 split the fight with you on April 29 at Wembley (Stadium).

“But you will promise to donate to Ukraine immediately after the fight, 1 million pounds. And for every day of your delay you will pay 1% from your purse to Ukrainian people. Deal?”

That appeared to be a riposte to Fury saying he would deduct 1% of the 30% offered to Usyk for every day the Ukrainian boxer doesn’t commit to the fight.

Krassyuk had said Usyk could instead fight British boxer Daniel Dubois, who holds the WBA regular title and is a mandatory challenger for Usyk.

“If you don’t want it, go and fight Daniel Dubois in the Copper Box (in London) and get a few million dollars,” Fury said on Instagram. “If you want to make some real money, come and fight the Gypsy King.”

The last heavyweight to be the undisputed world champion was Lennox Lewis in 1999-2000.

___

More AP boxing: https://apnews.com/hub/boxing and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsManchester City's Phil Foden, right, challenges for the ball with Newcastle's Dan Burn during the English Premier League soccer match between Manchester City and and Newcastle, at the Etihad stadium in Manchester, England, Saturday, March 4, 2023. (AP Photo/Dave Thompson)

Manchester City's Phil Foden, right, challenges for the ball with Newcastle's Dan Burn during the English Premier League soccer match between Manchester City and and Newcastle, at the Etihad stadium in Manchester, England, Saturday, March 4, 2023. (AP Photo/Dave Thompson)

A look at what’s happening in European soccer on Saturday:

ENGLAND

Manchester City will try to keep the pressure on Premier League leader Arsenal when it plays at Crystal Palace. Second-placed City is five points off the lead and faces a Palace team that hasn’t won since New Year’s Eve. Suddenly surging Liverpool can bolster its top-four bid in the early kickoff at last-placed Bournemouth. Jurgen Klopp’s team has four wins in its five-game league unbeaten run — all clean sheets — and is up to fifth place, three points behind Tottenham. Everything clicked in Liverpool’s 7-0 rout of Manchester United last weekend. Tottenham, eliminated from the Champions League last 16 on Wednesday by AC Milan, will host Nottingham Forest amid reports Spurs manager Antonio Conte may be on his way out. Chelsea will go for three wins in a row at Leicester. Leeds is one spot above the relegation zone and hosts a Brighton team that is contending for a European spot. Brentford takes its 12-game league unbeaten run to relegation-threatened Everton.

ADVERTISEMENT

SPAIN

Real Madrid hosts Espanyol without Karim Benzema, who is recovering from an ankle knock before next week’s Champions League game against Liverpool. Coach Carlo Ancelotti says Rodrygo will start in Benzema’s place. Madrid can not afford any more stumbles after falling nine points behind Liga leader Barcelona. Madrid has drawn twice in the league, and lost to Barcelona in the Copa del Rey, in its last three games. Osasuna visits relegation-threatened Valencia aiming to extend its run of five away league games without a loss. Rayo Vallecano can move into a Conference League spot with a win at Celta Vigo, and last-placed Elche hosts Valladolid.

ITALY

After Inter Milan’s surprise loss at Spezia, Serie A leader Napoli can extend its advantage to 18 points with a win over Atalanta. But Atalanta also need the points in a tight battle for the Champions League qualifying spots. Napoli will be looking to bounce back from a 1-0 loss at home to Lazio but also could have one eye on Wednesday’s match against Eintracht Frankfurt in the Champions League last 16. Atalanta has won just one of its past six matches — losing four of them — to slip to sixth spot, five points behind fourth-placed Roma. Lazio has a point more than Roma and can move into second spot with a result at Bologna. Also, Empoli hosts Udinese.

ADVERTISEMENT

GERMANY

Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund are level on points at the top of the Bundesliga as each prepares to play a local rival. Bayern hosts Augsburg in the pick of the early games before Dortmund takes on Schalke late in the day. Dortmund and Schalke contest what is traditionally one of Germany’s biggest soccer rivalries. Dortmund’s winning run was ended by Chelsea on Tuesday, while Schalke is in the relegation zone but on its best form of the season. Leipzig aims to stay on course for Champions League qualification against Borussia Mönchengladbach, while out-of-form Eintracht Frankfurt plays Stuttgart and Hertha Berlin takes on Mainz.

ADVERTISEMENT

FRANCE

The league is the only chance of silverware for Paris Saint-Germain after being knocked out of the Champions League and the French Cup. PSG has an eight-point lead over second-placed Marseille and will rely on Kylian Mbappé and Lionel Messi when they visit struggling Brest. The defending champion will have to tinker in defense as right back Achraf Hakimi and center backs Marquinhos and Nordi Mukiele are all injured. Brest sits one point above the relegation zone and will miss midfielder Mahdi Camara through suspension. Rennes has been inconsistent since forward Martin Terrier suffered a season-ending knee injury in January but could pull within two points of third place with a victory at lowly Auxerre. Auxerre is in the relegation zone despite a five-game unbeaten run.

___

More AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsKansas guard Kevin McCullar Jr. (15) grabs a rebound during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game against Iowa State in the semifinal round of the Big 12 Conference tournament Friday, March 10, 2023, in Kansas City, Mo. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)

Kansas guard Kevin McCullar Jr. (15) grabs a rebound during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game against Iowa State in the semifinal round of the Big 12 Conference tournament Friday, March 10, 2023, in Kansas City, Mo. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)

KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Kansas coach Bill Self spoke to his team remotely during breakfast Friday, while the Hall of Famer continued his recovery from an emergency medical procedure earlier this week, and told the Jayhawks that he was proud of their quarterfinal performance in the Big 12 Tournament.

Their semifinal showing might have been even better.

Jalen Wilson had 25 points and 10 rebounds, Gradey Dick made a couple of crucial baskets during a second-half run to help Kansas regain control, and the third-ranked Jayhawks cruised past Iowa State 71-58 on Friday night to move within one more win of defending their tournament title.

“It was great to talk to him, hear his voice,” Wilson said of Self, who went to the hospital Wednesday night and is out for the tournament. “He was super proud of how we did last game and I’m sure he’ll be proud of us this game.”

Dick finished with 15 points for the top-seeded Jayhawks (27-6), who fell behind early in the second half before the defending champs rallied to reach Saturday night’s title game against No. 7 Texas.

ADVERTISEMENT

Longtime assistant Norm Roberts, serving as the acting coach, said Self was “doing a lot better.” It’s still unknown whether he will be available when the Jayhawks begin the defense of their NCAA championship next week.

“We talked to him today, earlier this morning, going over the game plan — how we wanted to guard, what we wanted to do — and he was good with that,” Roberts said. “He talked to us right after the game and was so excited about the way the guys played. He said, ‘Hey, we really guarded today.’ He was really happy for our guys.”

Jaren Holmes had 16 points to lead the No. 5 seed Cyclones (19-13). Robert Jones finished with 11.

“They were more aggressive from the start,” Iowa State coach TJ Otzelberger said. “They got going offensively, espeically Wilson early, and they’re a really good team. I’m proud of our guys for how they fought back, and gained the lead in the secnod half, but we weren’t able to string together stops.”

The first half between two teams very familiar with each other was sloppy and disjointed. They combined to commit 20 turnovers, some of them byproduct of tight defense but many entirely unforced.

ADVERTISEMENT

Wilson got off to a hot start, hitting a trio of 3-pointers among his first four shots. The Cyclones weathered the barrage and were still within 29-25 late in the half, but Wilson’s basket in the closing minute and another turnover that led to a runout dunk by KJ Adams sent the regular-season champs to the locker room with a 33-25 lead.

The Jayhawks’ turnover trouble continued after the break, and Iowa State used a 10-2 run out of the locker room and another spurt moments later to take a 39-38 lead — its first of the game — with just under 15 minutes to go.

Yet the Jayhawks showed again the poise and precision that have made them so good come March.

Wilson answered Iowa State with a couple of free throws, starting the Jayhawks’ own 10-2 run to retake control. Backup big man Ernest Udeh Jr. threw down a thunderous dunk off a nifty assist from Dajuan Harris Jr., who also had 11 points, and the lead unspooled again as Kansas fans began to drown out their Cyclone counterparts.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Jayhawks were never threatened down the stretch as they clinched their spot in the title game.

“Our guys were fired up to play, excited to play today,” Roberts said, “and we really did a good job defenisvely of kind of taking them out of what they wanted to do in a lot of ways.”

MISSING MCCULLAR

Kevin McCullar Jr., the Jayhawks’ defensive stopper who has been dealing with some back spasms, pulled himself from the game in the second half. He had six points in 12 minutes before watching the rest of the game on the bench.

“We told the guys, ‘Step up. Step up. Make a play,’” Roberts said, “and our guys did that.”

THE TAKEAWAY

Iowa State has adjusted to life without 3-point specialist Caleb Grill, who was dismissed from the team last week. Gabe Kalscheur and Holmes, who struggled from the field Friday night, have become an prolific backcourt duo that could cause some fits in the NCAA Tournament.

ADVERTISEMENT

Kansas has played well while Roberts has been the acting coach. Along with two wins in the Big 12 Tournament, it went 4-0 with him on the bench when Self served a school-imposed four-game suspension to start the season. That included a win over Duke in the Champions Classic.

UP NEXT

Kansas will play for the fourth time in the last five championship games Saturday night at T-Mobile Center.

Iowa State waits to learn whether a Big 12 quarterfinal win over Baylor clinched its at-large NCAA tourney berth.

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25Denver Nuggets' Aaron Gordon (50) and Nikola Jokic (15) fight for possession against San Antonio Spurs' Keldon Johnson during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Friday, March 10, 2023, in San Antonio. (AP Photo/Darren Abate)

Denver Nuggets' Aaron Gordon (50) and Nikola Jokic (15) fight for possession against San Antonio Spurs' Keldon Johnson during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Friday, March 10, 2023, in San Antonio. (AP Photo/Darren Abate)

SAN ANTONIO (AP) — Keldon Johnson scored 23 points and the San Antonio Spurs overcame 37 points, 11 rebounds and 11 assists by Nikola Jokic to stun the Denver Nuggets 128-120 on Friday night before an announced sellout.

“It felt great,” San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich said. “The fans were really into it. We put them to sleep in the first quarter and then we woke them up a little bit.

“So it was great to have all those people yelling and screaming. They deserve to have a good night.”

Doug McDermott added 20 points and Jeremy Sochan had 19 points for San Antonio, which shot 54% in a balanced effort with their entire roster available for one of only a few times in an injury-riddled season.

It was enough to overcome Jokic’s 26th triple-double in what could be his third straight MVP season. It was the first time the Nuggets have lost this season when Jokic has a triple-double.

Jamal Murray added 24 points for Denver, which lost its second straight following a four-game winning streak. The Nuggets maintained the Western Conference’s best record at 46-21, but fell 2 1/2 games behind the Milwaukee Bucks for the league’s best record.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I think we have faith in what we can do,” Murray said.

Denver hoped to rebound from an uncharacteristically sloppy outing in a 117-96 loss at home to Chicago on Wednesday, but instead had one of the season’s most unexpected losses.

San Antonio entered having lost two straight and 18 of 20.

Nuggets coach Michael Malone told the team’s staff and players that they needed to “look in the mirror” following the home loss to the Bulls.

“So, you hope the message is delivered,” Malone said before the game.

The message was lost, even as the Nuggets responded to a second-half altercation.

Spurs center Zach Collins and Nuggets forward Michael Porter Jr. were ejected with 6:57 remaining in the third quarter after having to be separated by teammates, officials, and the coaching staffs.

After Collins and Jokic had a series of hard bumps and shoves, Porter threw down a monstrous one-handed dunk on Collins. Porter glared and said something to Collins, who responded by charging at and bumping him from behind. The two were nose-to-nose before Porter pushed Collins in the throat.

ADVERTISEMENT

Denver responded with a 5-0 run to trail 85-84, but San Antonio never lost its lead in the second half.

“I don’t want to say the stakes were high, but I feel like everybody wanted to win and everybody was on the same page,” Spurs center Sandro Mamukelashvili said. “Once you’re at that point and you’re up, you just don’t want to lose that game you just kind of do everything to win.”

After not playing in the first three quarters, Mamukelashvili had 11 points on 4-for-5 shooting. He was 2 for 3 on 3-pointers.

Both teams finished with 13 3-pointers, but San Antonio outscored Denver 68-54 in the paint and had 50 rebounds while the Nuggets had 33.

“They lived in our paint, outrebounded us and on top of that we missed some really good looks,” Murray said. “It was tough to try to climb back even when we brought a good attitude and good effort. We just couldn’t climb ourselves out of the hole that we created for ourselves.”

ADVERTISEMENT

TIP-INS

Nuggets: Denver has 15 games remaining, including 12 against teams that currently qualify for the playoffs. ... C DeAndre Jordan has played in just 35 games this season, which is on pace to be the fewest in his 15-year career. His lowest total is 48 games, which he had last season while playing with the Los Angeles Lakers and Philadelphia 76ers. ... Porter had seven points, one rebound and one assist in 20 minutes when he was ejected.

Spurs: San Antonio is 3-46 this season when trailing by double figures during a game. The Spurs have trailed by double figures in 74% of their games this season. San Antonio is 1-35 when trailing by 15 points. ... Romeo Langford was eligible for his second straight game after missing 17 consecutive games with left abductor tightness. ... Collins had 10 points, nine rebounds and three assists in 21 minutes when he was ejected.

UP NEXT

Nuggets: Host Brooklyn on Sunday.

Spurs: Host Oklahoma City on Sunday. —

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/NBA and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsArizona center Oumar Ballo (11) reacts as the team leads against Arizona State during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game in the semifinals of the Pac-12 Tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Chase Stevens)

Arizona center Oumar Ballo (11) reacts as the team leads against Arizona State during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game in the semifinals of the Pac-12 Tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Chase Stevens)

LAS VEGAS (AP) — No. 8 Arizona got its revenge Friday night, and now the Wildcats get their rematch.

Azuolas Tubelis scored 17 points and Arizona beat Arizona State 78-59 in the Pac-12 Conference Tournament semifinals.

The Wildcats (27-6) get a championship rematch with No. 2 UCLA on Saturday night. Arizona beat the Bruins 84-76 last year for the title.

“Obviously, there’s an amazing rivalry there,” Arizona coach Tommy Lloyd said. “I think there’s a mutual respect between both programs. ... I’m sure it’s going to be two teams that are probably a little bit worn down, probably both facing some injuries, but that’s kind of how tournament basketball is in the postseason. We know it’s going to be a great challenge, and we look forward to the opportunity to play on the big stage.”

Arizona point guard Kerr Kriisa is one of those banged-up players. He played the second game in a row with an injured shoulder, finishing with five points and seven assists.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I think it’s something that will get better day by day,” Lloyd said. “I watched him make threes at shoot-around today, so I don’t know how much of a physical thing it is, how much of a mental thing it is. I know this, when it’s on the line if he has an open look I usually feel pretty good.”

Arizona State (22-12) has to hope its resume is good enough to sway the committee Sunday when it assembles the 68-team NCAA Tournament field.

Sun Devils coach Bobby Hurley laid out the case for his team getting selected, saying Arizona State had proven itself with quality victories on the road or at neutral sites.

“I truly believe that if you take our three best wins and you compare them to other bubble teams, I don’t think it’s close,” Hurley said. “I think these guys deserve it. ... So I’m hopeful with all the things I stated that we would have a really, really good chance to get in the NCAA Tournament.”

Arizona second-year coach Tommy Lloyd remained perfect in Las Vegas, where he is 8-0, including 7-0 at T-Mobile Arena and 5-0 in the Pac-12 Tournament.

Oumar Ballo added 14 points, 10 rebounds for the Wildcats. Cedric Henderson Jr. also scored 14 points, and Pelle Larsson had 11.

Frankie Collins and Jamiya Neal each scored 11 points for Arizona State.

ADVERTISEMENT

Though this game was close most of the way, it wasn’t nearly as intense as the most recent meeting. Arizona State won that Feb. 25 meeting in Tucson when Desmond Cambridge Jr. made a 60-foot shot at the buzzer .

Arizona finally ended any doubts with a 12-2 run late in the second half to take a 68-54 lead.

THE BIG PICTURE

Arizona State: The Sun Devils entered the game 11th nationally by holding opponents to 39.3%, but that defense was more than tested by Arizona. The Wildcats shot 56.4%, including 52.6% from 3-point range, and led for all but 1:43 of the game.

Arizona: As well as the Wildcats shot from outside, they were just as dominant inside. They outscored Arizona State 40-22 in the lane and outrebounded the Sun Devils 44-30.

UP NEXT

Arizona State: The Sun Devils might have done enough to get in the NCAA Tournament, having beaten Michigan, Creighton and Arizona in the regular season and beating Oregon State and Southern California this week.

Arizona: The Wildcats could get a No. 2 NCAA seed if they beat UCLA.

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25Soccer pundit Gary Lineker leaves his home following reports that the BBC is to have a "frank conversation" with the ex-England striker after comments he made on the government's new asylum policy that aims to bar people from seeking asylum if they arrive in the U.K., in London, Thursday March 9, 2023. Lineker drew a mix of praise and criticism for saying some of the government’s language was “not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the '30s.”(James Manning/PA via AP)

Soccer pundit Gary Lineker leaves his home following reports that the BBC is to have a "frank conversation" with the ex-England striker after comments he made on the government's new asylum policy that aims to bar people from seeking asylum if they arrive in the U.K., in London, Thursday March 9, 2023. Lineker drew a mix of praise and criticism for saying some of the government’s language was “not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the '30s.”(James Manning/PA via AP)

Former England captain Gary Lineker was temporarily removed on Friday from his role as presenter of the BBC’s flagship soccer highlights show in the wake of his criticism of the British government’s new asylum policy.

The long-running “Match of the Day” program, which has been a national institution in Britain since the 1960s, will be aired on Saturday “without studio presentation or punditry,” the BBC said in an extraordinary development after a slew of Lineker’s colleagues announced they wouldn’t appear on the show without him.

In a post on Tuesday on his Twitter account that has 8.7 million followers, Lineker — one of England’s greatest soccer players and now among the U.K.’s most influential media figures — compared lawmakers’ language about migrants to that used in Nazi Germany.

The BBC considers Lineker posting such views on social media as a breach of its guidelines. The network said it held discussions with Lineker over his involvement in “Match of the Day,” which is broadcast on Saturday nights and shows highlights of English Premier League games that day.

ADVERTISEMENT

“The BBC has decided that he will step back from presenting ‘Match of the Day,’” the broadcaster said, “until we’ve got an agreed and clear position on his use of social media.

“We have never said that Gary should be an opinion-free zone, or that he can’t have a view on issues that matter to him, but we have said that he should keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies.”

Lineker has yet to make an official comment, though one of his former colleagues on the BBC — Dan Walker — said he had been in contact with Lineker and asked him “whether he is stepping back or whether the BBC have told him to step back.”

Walker said Lineker replied to him that the BBC “told me I have to step back.”

“So Gary Lineker wants to continue to present ‘Match Of The Day’ and is not apologizing for what he has said,” Walker said on Channel 5, where he works, “but he has said it’s a BBC decision to force him to not present the program at the moment.”

In solidarity with Lineker, Alan Shearer and Ian Wright — former England players who work as pundits on “Match of the Day” — said on Twitter they would not be appearing on the program this weekend.

ADVERTISEMENT

After more of his BBC co-workers, like former soccer players Alex Scott, Jermaine Jenas and Micah Richards, said they would not want to work on “Match of the Day” because of the treatment of Lineker, the BBC took the decision to change the format of the show.

“Some of our pundits have said that they don’t wish to appear on the program while we seek to resolve the situation with Gary,” the BBC said.

“We understand their position and we have decided that the program will focus on match action without studio presentation or punditry.”

Conservative lawmakers in Britain have called on the BBC to discipline Lineker, the network’s highest-paid star on 1.35 million pounds ($1.6 million) last year, for saying the government’s plan to detain and deport migrants arriving by boat is “an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s.”

ADVERTISEMENT

The government has called Lineker’s Nazi comparison inappropriate and unacceptable, and some lawmakers said he should be fired.

The 62-year-old Lineker was a household name in Britain well before he became a smooth, knowledgeable presenter of sports shows on the BBC and other broadcasters. He was the leading scorer at the 1986 World Cup and finished his international career with 48 goals in 80 matches for England.

His club career included spells with Barcelona, Tottenham, Everton and Leicester.

The BBC, which is funded by a license fee paid by all households with a television, has a duty to be impartial and news staff are barred from expressing political opinions. As a freelancer who doesn’t work in news or current affairs, Lineker isn’t bound by the same rules and he often delves into politics and human rights issues with his tweets.

ADVERTISEMENT

The BBC’s neutrality has come under recent scrutiny over revelations that its chairman, Richard Sharp — a Conservative Party donor — helped arrange a loan for then Prime Minister Boris Johnson in 2021, weeks before he was appointed to the BBC post on the government’s recommendation.

___

More AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer and https://twitter.com/AP_SportsRutgers' Oskar Palmquist (1) and his teammates react after an NCAA college basketball game against the Purdue at the Big Ten men's tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Chicago. Purdue won 70-65. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

Rutgers' Oskar Palmquist (1) and his teammates react after an NCAA college basketball game against the Purdue at the Big Ten men's tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Chicago. Purdue won 70-65. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

March Madness is coming up fast. Here is what to know along with some key games to watch and who’s on the bubble ahead of Selection Sunday for the NCAA Tournament:

KEY DATES

All eyes will be on the conference tournaments this week:

— The ACC Tournament is March 7-11 in Greensboro, North Carolina.

— The Big 12 Tournament is March 8-11 in Kansas City, Missouri.

— The Big Ten Tournament is March 8-12 in Chicago.

— The Big East Tournament is March 8-11 in New York.

— The Pac-12 Tournament is March 8-11 in Las Vegas.

— The SEC Tournament is March 8-12 in Nashville, Tennessee.

MARCH MADNESS

Selection Sunday is March 12, when bracket matchups will be set for the First Four and first- and second-round games that stretch from Florida to California .

Sweet 16 weekend will see games in New York City (East Region), Las Vegas (West), Kansas City, Missouri (Midwest), and Louisville, Kentucky (South).

ADVERTISEMENT

Where is the Final Four? In Houston, on April 1, with the championship game on April 3.

Basketball aficionados, take note: The women’s NCAA Tournament will hold its Final Four in Dallas, a four-hour drive from Houston.

BETTING GUIDE

Who’s going to win the national championship? With the regular season over, the betting favorites as of this week to reach the Final Four are Houston, Alabama, Kansas and Purdue, according to FanDuel Sportsbook . That matches the top teams in the NCAA’s initial seed watch . UCLA is in the mix near the top in the AP Top 25 , too.

WHO’S IN

These teams are already going dancing after landing their league’s automatic bid: Kennesaw State (26-8, Atlantic Sun), UNC Asheville (27-7, Big South), Fairleigh Dickinson (19-14, Northeast), Drake (27-7, Missouri Valley), Furman (27-7, Southern), Louisiana-Lafayette (26-7, Sun Belt), Southeast Missouri State (19-16, Ohio Valley), Gonzaga (28-5, West Coast), College of Charleston (31-3, Colonial Athletic Association), Oral Roberts (30-4, Summit League), Texas A&M-Corpus Christi (23-10, Southland), Montana State (25-9, Big Sky), Northern Kentucky (22-12, Horizon League) and Colgate (26-8, Patriot League).

BUBBLE WATCH

West Virginia (19-14): The metrics and strength of the Big 12 work in the Mountaineers’ favor. Their sleepy 78-61 loss to Kansas in the conference quarterfinals, when Bob Huggins was left to bemoan their lack of effort, does not. They may have gotten some help when fellow bubble buddy Oklahoma State was trounced by Texas.

ADVERTISEMENT

North Carolina (20-13): Simply put, the Tar Heels probably needed to beat No. 13 Virginia in the ACC quarterfinals and couldn’t get it done. They are just 8-7 over their last 15 games in a conference that was not particularly strong this season.

Rutgers (19-14): The Scarlet Knights had a chance to make Sunday a lot less stressful but lost to fifth-ranked Purdue 70-65 in a tightly contested Big Ten quarterfinal. How will the committee weigh Rutgers’ early season success against the fact that it lost seven of its last 10 games?

Nevada (22-10): Oh, how Steve Alford’s bunch has fallen the past two weeks. The Wolf Pack lost to Wyoming, UNLV and then in overtime to San Jose State in the Mountain West quarterfinals. Those three defeats could hurt come Sunday.

ADVERTISEMENT

GAME(S) TO WATCH

Florida Atlantic (30-3) vs. UAB (25-8), Conference USA championship, Saturday, 8:30 p.m. Eastern (CBSSN). Every team riding the NCAA Tournament bubble will be rooting for the Owls, who could slip into the dance as an at-large team if they lose to the Blazers in the finals. They would much rather FAU take the automatic berth and free up another spot for them.

Ohio State (16-18) vs. No. 5 Purdue (27-5), Saturday, 1 p.m. Eastern (CBS). The Buckeyes have been the biggest surprise of any conference tournament, but every team on the bubble will be pulling for the Boilermakers to knock them out. With two more wins, Ohio State would be swiping another bid from a potential at-large team.

___

AP March Madness coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/march-madness and bracket: https://apnews.com/hub/ncaa-mens-bracket and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25LAS VEGAS (AP) — Tevian turned a four-point play with four seconds left to lift Southern Utah past Utah Valley, 89-88 in the Western Athletic Conference semifinals on Friday night.

Tevian drilled a 3-pointer while drawing a foul, then added the game-winning free throw.

The win sends the Thunderbirds, the tournaments’ No. 3 seed, into the championship game to face fifth-seeded Grand Canyon Saturday night.

Jones led Southern Utah with 20 points, shooting 6 for 15 (3 for 8 from 3-point range) and 5 of 5 from the free throw line for the Thunderbirds (20-11). Harrison Butler added 19 points while going 5 of 11 from the floor, including 1 for 4 from distance, and 8 for 14 from the line, and he also had six rebounds. Jason Spurgin shot 5 of 9 from the field and 5 for 7 from the line to finish with 15 points, while adding seven rebounds.

Trey Woodbury led the way for the Wolverines (24-7) with 29 points, eight rebounds and six assists. Tim Fuller added 14 points, seven rebounds and three steals for Utah Valley. In addition, Justin Harmon had 13 points, six rebounds and five assists.

ADVERTISEMENT

Spurgin scored 10 points in the first half and Southern Utah went into the break trailing 41-33. Butler scored a team-high 15 points for Southern Utah in the second half. Southern Utah outscored Utah Valley by nine points over the final half.

___

The Associated Press created this story using technology provided by Data Skrive and data from Sportradar .HENDERSON, Nev. (AP) — Latrell Wrightsell Jr. had 22 points in CSU Fullerton’s 83-80 victory over UC Irvine on Friday night in the Big West Conference Tournament semifinals.

The Titans will face UC Santa Barbara in Saturday’s championship game.

Wrightsell shot 7 for 12 (3 for 5 from 3-point range) and 5 of 7 from the free throw line for the Titans (18-12). Tory San Antonio scored 17 points while going 6 of 10 (3 for 4 from distance), and added five rebounds. Vincent Lee was 6 of 8 shooting and 3 of 4 from the free throw line to finish with 15 points, while adding six rebounds. It was the sixth straight win for the Titans.

Dawson Baker finished with 22 points and three steals for the Anteaters (22-10). DJ Davis added 20 points for UC Irvine. Pierre Crockrell II also had 12 points and four assists.

CSU Fullerton used a 9-0 second-half run erase a three-point deficit and take the lead at 52-46 with 16:53 remaining in the half before finishing off the victory. Wrightsell scored 14 second-half points.

___

The Associated Press created this story using technology provided by Data Skrive and data from Sportradar .It’s almost Oscars time. Here’s everything you need to know

From a stage streaker and Jennifer Lawrence's stumble to Will Smith's slap, here are five of the most unforgettable Oscars moments.

From a stage streaker and Jennifer Lawrence's stumble to Will Smith's slap, here are five of the most unforgettable Oscars moments.

NEW YORK (AP) — Hollywood is gearing up for the 95th Academy Awards, where “Everything Everywhere All at Once” comes in the lead nominee and the film industry will hope to move past “the slap” of last year’s ceremony. Here’s everything you need to know about the 2023 Oscars, including when they are, where to watch the live show and this year’s controversies.

___

WHEN ARE THE OSCARS?

The Oscars will be held Sunday, March 12, at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. The ceremony is set to begin at 8 p.m. EDT and be broadcast live on ABC.

CAN YOU STREAM THE OSCARS?

The broadcast can be streamed with a subscription to Hulu Live TV, YouTubeTV, AT&T TV and Fubo TV. Some of these services offer brief free trials. You can also stream the show on ABC.com and on the ABC app by authenticating your provider.

WHO’S HOSTING?

Jimmy Kimmel will host for the third time and his first time since 2018. That was also the last Oscars to feature a solo host. The show went hostless for several years after Kimmel’s last outing. Last year, Regina Hall, Amy Schumer and Wanda Sykes hosted as a trio. In an ad for this year’s show styled after “Top Gun: Maverick,” Kimmel made his humble case for being the right person for the job while noting that he can’t get slapped because “I cry a lot.”

ADVERTISEMENT

WHAT’S NOMINATED FOR BEST PICTURE AT THE 2023 OSCARS?

The 10 movies competing for best picture are: “All Quiet on the Western Front,” “Avatar: The Way of Water,” “The Banshees of Inisherin,” “Elvis,” “Everything Everywhere All at Once,” “The Fabelmans,” “Tár,” “Top Gun: Maverick,” “Triangle of Sadness,” “Women Talking.” Here’s a guide to how you can watch them.

WHO’S PRESENTING?

Presenters include: Halle Bailey, Antonio Banderas, Elizabeth Banks, Jessica Chastain, John Cho, Andrew Garfield, Hugh Grant, Danai Gurira, Salma Hayek Pinault, Nicole Kidman, Florence Pugh and Sigourney Weaver. They join a previously announced group including: Riz Ahmed, Emily Blunt, Glenn Close, Jennifer Connelly, Ariana DeBose, Samuel L. Jackson, Dwayne Johnson, Michael B. Jordan, Troy Kotsur, Jonathan Majors, Melissa McCarthy, Janelle Monáe, Deepika Padukone, Questlove, Zoe Saldaña and Donnie Yen. A third wave was announced Thursday: Halle Berry, Paul Dano, Cara Delevingne, Harrison Ford, Kate Hudson, Mindy Kaling, Eva Longoria, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Andie MacDowell, Elizabeth Olsen, Pedro Pascal and John Travolta.

ADVERTISEMENT

WHAT ELSE IS IN STORE FOR THE SHOW?

The Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences has said that winners to all categories will be announced live on the show. (Last year, some categories were taped in a pre-show, something that caused an uproar among academy members.) All signs point to a full slate of musical performances, with Rihanna performing “Lift Me Up” from “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever” and Rahul Sipligunj and Kaala Bhairava singing Chandrabose and M.M. Keeravaani’s “Naatu Naatu” from “RRR.” Nominee Lady Gaga, on the other hand, will not sing “Hold My Hand,” from “Top Gun: Maverick,” during the show. On Monday, show producers announced that Lenny Kravitz will deliver the “In Memoriam” performance.

ADVERTISEMENT

WHO ARE THE FAVORITES?

Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert’s indie sci-fi hit “Everything Everywhere All at Once” comes in with a leading 11 nominations. Close on its heels, though, is the Irish friends-falling-out dark comedy “The Banshees of Inisherin,” with nine nods, a total matched by Netflix’s WWI film “All Quiet on the Western Front.” Michelle Yeoh (“Everything Everywhere All at Once”) may have a slight edge on Cate Blanchett (“Tár”) for best actress. Best actor is harder to call, with Brendan Fraser (“The Whale”) and Austin Butler (“Elvis”) in the mix. In the supporting categories, Angela Bassett (“Black Panther: Wakanda Forever”) and Ke Huy Quan (“Everything Everywhere All at Once”) are the frontrunners, though Jamie Lee Curtis’ Screen Actors Guild Awards win may have thrown a wrench into the supporting actress category. Steven Spielberg (“The Fabelmans”) may win his third best director Oscar, though the Daniels may have emerged as the frontrunners. AP Film Writers Lindsey Bahr and Jake Coyle are predicting a big haul for “Everything Everywhere All at Once.”

WHAT’S BEEN CONTROVERSIAL THIS YEAR?

Aside from the usual snubs and surprises, this year’s biggest to-do has been the debate surrounding Andrea Riseborough’s unexpected nomination for best actress. Riseborough was nominated for the little-seen, Texas-set drama “To Leslie” after many A-list stars rallied around her performance. When two other best-actress contenders — Danielle Deadwyler (“Till”) and Viola Davis (“Woman King”) — were snubbed, some saw that as a reflection of racial bias in the film industry . The academy launched an inquiry into the star-studded, grassroots campaign for Riseborough but found no reason to rescind her nomination.

WHAT ELSE SHOULD YOU LOOK FOR?

Just the reading of the title to one of this year’s short film nominees should prompt a wave of giggles. John Williams (“The Fabelmans”), up for best score, is the oldest nominee ever, at 90 years old. After historic back-to-back best-director wins by Chloé Zhao (“Nomadland”) and Jane Campion (“The Power of the Dog”) , no women were nominated this year for best director. Also don’t expect to see Will Smith at the Oscars anytime soon. After striking Chris Rock at last year’s ceremony, Smith was banned by the film academy from attending for 10 years . In a live Netflix special on Saturday, Rock finally punched back at Smith with a blistering stand-up set about the incident.

___

For more on this year’s Oscars, visit: https://apnews.com/hub/academy-awardsMissouri guard Kobe Brown celebrates with fans after an NCAA college basketball game against Tennessee in the quarterfinals of the Southeastern Conference Tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Nashville, Tenn. (AP Photo/John Amis)

Missouri guard Kobe Brown celebrates with fans after an NCAA college basketball game against Tennessee in the quarterfinals of the Southeastern Conference Tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Nashville, Tenn. (AP Photo/John Amis)

NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — First-year coach Dennis Gates is in a hurry to turn Missouri into champions and remains unhappy his Tigers missed the Southeastern Conference’s regular-season title.

Now they’re targeting the program’s first SEC Tournament crown and must go through the league’s regular season champ to get there.

Nick Honor hit a 3-pointer with 1:45 left to put Missouri ahead to stay, and the 25th-ranked Tigers beat No. 17 Tennessee 79-71 Friday to reach the SEC Tournament semifinals for the first time since joining the league in 2012.

NICK HONOR!



You're really going to go under screens against @NickHonor3 ? That's the result #MIZ 🐯 pic.twitter.com/YwmRwxsMyT — Mizzou Hoops (@MizzouHoops) March 10, 2023

“We wanted to cut down nets, hold trophies, hang banners as the regular-season champs,” said Gates, who was hired last March . “I credit Nate Oats and his program for their successes. It has taken too long for us to be able to do that, and I want it more.”

The Tigers (24-8) will play fourth-ranked Alabama on Saturday. The Crimson Tide, the regular-season champ, never trailed beating Mississippi State 72-49 earlier Friday. Shortly after this latest victory, Missouri announced a one-year contract extension for Gates through the 2028-29 season.

ADVERTISEMENT

Missouri won its fifth straight this season to snap a three-game skid in the SEC quarterfinals. The Tigers did it by knocking off the defending tourney champ in a taut game featuring 15 ties and 11 lead changes.

The last tie was at 69, and Honor put Missouri ahead to stay with his 3. Gates credited Honor with telling him during a timeout to give him a ball screen.

“Sometimes you don’t listen to your players. I listen to mine,” Gates said. “We gave him a ball screen, and he was able to knock down a big-time 3-point shot.”

The Tigers then forced a turnover on Tennessee’s inbound pass by Julian Phillips. D’Moi Hodge knocked down another 3 to give the Tigers their biggest lead of the game at 75-69 with 1:25 remaining. Missouri finished on a 10-2 run for the win.

.@Dmoi_VI with the encore and the Tigers now lead by six!!#MIZ 🐯 pic.twitter.com/Y4kronRaN0 — Mizzou Hoops (@MizzouHoops) March 10, 2023

Hodge led Missouri with 26 points, 17 in the second half. Kobe Brown added 24 and nine rebounds, and DeAndre Gholston had 10.

Tennessee (23-10) snapped a 41-year drought in this event by winning the tourney title in Tampa last year. Now these Volunteers go into the NCAA Tournament having lost four of seven overall.

“The biggest prize that we want to go after is still out there,” Tennessee coach Rick Barnes said.

Santiago Vescovi led five Vols in double digits with 17 points. Tyreke Key had 16, Jahmai Mashack 14, Olivier Nkamhoua added 11 points and 10 rebounds and Julian Phillips 10.

ADVERTISEMENT

Missouri took the lead for the last time on a pair of free throws by Brown with 4:12 left.

The Volunteers led 33-30 at halftime thanks to Mashack answering a 3-pointer by Brown with 11 seconds left by beating the buzzer with his own 3. Mashack made it just after crossing the half-court line.

From the logo!



Courtside view of Jahmai Mashack's deep 3 to beat the buzzer for Tennessee 🍿 pic.twitter.com/WTm7G4CPLC — ESPN (@espn) March 10, 2023

BIG PICTURE

Tennessee has the best defense in all of Division I except against against Missouri. The Vols came in holding opponents to a nation-low 25.8% shooting from 3-point range and 36.4% from the floor. They also had been holding opponents to an average of 57.4 points a game.

Missouri improved to a perfect 9-0 in games decided by five or fewer points. The Tigers came into the postseason among eight teams unbeaten in such games and the only team with at least eight such wins. ... The Tigers shot 60% (18 of 30) in the second half, and that included knocking down 7 of 13 (58.3%) outside the arc.

ADVERTISEMENT

Brown said running against the Vols was the key.

“Hard to play defense when you can’t get back and get in front of the other team,” Brown said.

REPLACING ZEIGLER

This was just the third full game for the Vols without point guard Zakai Zeigler, who tore his left ACL early in a win over Arkansas on Feb. 28. Barnes sees the final minutes where they miss Ziegler the most.

“We’re going to have to figure out what we’re going to do,” Barnes said.

UP NEXT

The Volunteers now wait for the NCAA Tournament bracket announcement Sunday and lower seeding than expected when Tennessee was ranked as high as No. 2 earlier this season.

Missouri now has a chance to improve its own NCAA seeding while still chasing the program’s first SEC Tournament title.

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25Taylor Foehl, left, of Boston, looks at the mobile betting app on his phone after placing a wager, while watching on a men's college basketball game at the Cask 'N Flagon sports bar, Friday, March 10, 2023, near Fenway Park in Boston. Massachusetts sports fans raced to their cell phones Friday, March 10 to begin placing bets as the state allowed online sports wagering just days ahead of tip-off of the NCAA Tournament next week. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)

Taylor Foehl, left, of Boston, looks at the mobile betting app on his phone after placing a wager, while watching on a men's college basketball game at the Cask 'N Flagon sports bar, Friday, March 10, 2023, near Fenway Park in Boston. Massachusetts sports fans raced to their cell phones Friday, March 10 to begin placing bets as the state allowed online sports wagering just days ahead of tip-off of the NCAA Tournament next week. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)

BOSTON (AP) — Massachusetts sports fans raced to their cellphones Friday to begin placing bets as the state allowed online sports wagering just days ahead of next week’s start of the NCAA college basketball tournament.

The start of online sports gambling came a little over a month after the state began allowing people to place wagers in person at the state’s three casinos — Encore Boston Harbor in Boston, Plainridge Park Casino in Plainville, and MGM Springfield in Springfield.

Lawmakers estimate that sports betting could generate about $60 million in annual tax revenue and $70 million to $80 million in initial licensing fees, which must be renewed every five years. The law includes a 15% tax on in-person wagering and 20% tax on mobile wagering.

People must be 21 or older to bet.

Among those who began betting online Friday was Taylor Foehl, a 31-year-old graduate student in Boston.

ADVERTISEMENT

Just after the 10 a.m. start of online wagering, he placed a $5 bet on Purdue to defeat Rutgers in their Big Ten men’s college basketball matchup. He said he picked Purdue because one of his friends joining him at the Cask ’n Flagon sports bar across the street from Fenway Park attended the school.

Foehl said he hadn’t gambled in the past but used the FanDuel app “to have a little action on the game” they were watching.

“It’s definitely a good time for it with college basketball reaching their playoffs,” he said. “I’m a big sports fan, particularly of Boston sports. I’ll watch just about every minute of every game when I can.”

Foehl said information about sports wagering has crept into nearly every part of the game.

“It’s hard to learn about sports and consume sports content without hearing about the gambling side of things,” he said.

Richard Bradshaw, a retiree from Worcester, said he was also looking forward to placing online bets.

He said being able to bet directly on college teams could make March Madness office pools “a thing of the past,” but could draw him to teams and sports he might otherwise ignore.

“To watch a game, a meaningless game, now it’s got some meaning if you’ve got $20 on it,” Bradshaw said. “Even golf. I’m watching golf if I’m betting on it.”

At the DraftKings’ Boston headquarters, workers have been gearing up for the kickoff of online sports wagering in the state.

ADVERTISEMENT

The company was already taking bets in more than 20 states where sports wagering is legal, but the prospect of serving fans of the Boston Red Sox, Boston Celtics, New England Patriots and the surging Boston Bruins is an added thrill, according to company president and co-founder Matt Kalish.

The company was also thrilled that the launch came just before the start of the NCAA basketball tournaments, he said.

“The most common way people jump into the product is usually for some big sports event. It might be the Super Bowl or something upcoming like March Madness,” he said. “So we’re launching in Massachusetts just in time for what should be an amazing tournament.”

Gambling addiction workers have also been preparing.

ADVERTISEMENT

Marlene Warner, CEO of the nonprofit Massachusetts Council on Gaming and Health, has cautioned that one demographic the group is expecting to see are young men. She said they are both the primary audience for sports wagering and some of those most at risk of gambling at harmful levels.

Kalish said DraftKings monitors for potential compulsive gambling behaviour and gives those using the app the option of setting limits on how much they can bet and how much time they spend on the site.

The U.S. Supreme Court in 2018 ruled that banning sports betting was unconstitutional.

Former Republican Gov. Charlie Baker signed the bill legalizing sports betting. Baker, now president of the NCAA, argued that residents were traveling to Rhode Island, New Hampshire, New York and Connecticut to wager.

Representatives of professional athletes are asking officials in Massachusetts to toughen regulations to protect players and their families from being threatened by gamblers.SANTA CRUZ, Calif. (AP) — More than 9,000 California residents were under evacuation orders Friday as a new atmospheric river brought heavy rain, thunderstorms and strong winds, swelling rivers and creeks and flooding several major highways and small rural communities.

In Santa Cruz County, a creek bloated by rain destroyed a portion of Main Street in Soquel, a town of 10,000 people, isolating several neighborhoods. Crews were working to remove trees and other debris and find a way for people to cross the creek, county officials said .

County authorities asked the town’s residents to stay indoors. Heather Wingfield, a teacher who runs a small urban farm with her husband in Soquel, said she and her neighbors were, for the time being, trapped in their homes as Bates Creek rushed through what was once Main Street.

“It’s horrible,” she said. “Hopefully no one has a medical emergency.”

Wingfield said her neighbors’ water infrastructure was also washed out, but that her family’s well would keep them with running water. She said the floods so far weren’t impacting their farm, where families in the neighborhood pick pumpkins, squash and sunflowers every summer.

Wingfield said living near Soquel Creek has meant being aware there might be floods, but “never did I imagine it would wash out a culvert.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Evacuations were ordered in nearby Watsonville where creek water spilled over and filled roadways with several feet of water, threatening dozens of homes with flooding. At one home, chickens inside a backyard coop perched on a bar near the roof to avoid the water.

In central California, the Tule River overflowed its banks and flooded several homes. Videos posted on social media showed a handful of homes and cars under a few feet of water and at least one road washed out by the rushing river in Springville, a Tulare County town of about 1,000 people in the foothills of the southern Sierra Nevada.

Evacuation orders were ordered for other areas of the county, including parts of the small community of Cutler because of a levee break and areas of Exeter because a creek overflowed its banks.

There were also flash floods in Kernville, another foothill town in Kern County. Officials said there were no injuries reported or calls for rescue by Friday afternoon but that the river, known to locals as “Killer Kern,” continued to rise.

Morgan Lynn Searcy, 24, lives near the river and said her neighborhood is under an evacuation warning. She has been keeping an eye on the rising waters in case she and her boyfriend need to leave.

“It was double in size if not triple overnight,” she said.

Several public parks nearby, including the Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Parks, were closed to visitors due to the ongoing heavy rain.

In the San Francisco Bay Area, flooding blocked portions of several major highways, including Interstate 580 in Oakland, disrupting travel. And Peet’s Coffee, a California-based chain, reported that after a heavy storm, an investigation is underway to determine the cause of a roof collapse that killed a worker at a distribution center leased by the company in Oakland.

Martin Gonzalez, 57, had worked there for 17 years. Another worker received minor injuries, the company said.

ADVERTISEMENT

The storm marked the state’s 10th atmospheric river of the winter, storms that have brought enormous amounts of rain and snow to the state and helped lessen the drought conditions that had dragged on for three years. State reservoirs that had dipped to strikingly low levels are now well above the average for this time of year, prompting state officials to release water from dams to assist with flood control and make room for even more rain.

State transportation officials said Friday they removed so much snow from the roadways in February that it would be enough to fill the iconic Rose Bowl 100 times.

Democratic Gov. Gavin Newsom has declared emergencies in 34 counties in recent weeks, and the Biden administration approved a presidential disaster declaration for some on Friday morning, a move that will bring more federal assistance into the state.

Emergency officials have warned people to stay off the roads if they can and to carefully heed flash flood warnings.

ADVERTISEMENT

The atmospheric river, known as a “Pineapple Express” because it brought warm subtropical moisture across the Pacific from near Hawaii, was melting lower parts of the huge snowpack built in California’s mountains. Snow levels in the Sierra Nevada, which provides about a third of the state’s water supply, are more than 180% of the April 1 average, when it is historically at its peak.

The snowpack at high elevations is so massive it was expected to be able to absorb the rain, but snow below 4,000 feet (1,219 meters) could start to melt, potentially contributing to flooding, forecasters said.

Lake Oroville — one of the most important reservoirs in the state and home to the nation’s tallest dam — has so much water that officials on Friday opened the dam’s spillways for the first time since April 2019. The reservoir’s water has risen 180 feet (54.8 meters) since Dec. 1. Of the state’s 17 major reservoirs, seven are still below their historical averages this year.

Despite record rainfall in January, Newsom worried it would stop raining and asked state water regulators to temporarily suspend some environmental rules to let the state take more water out of rivers and streams to store for later. But it has rained so much since then that on Thursday regulators rescinded their previous order to allow more water to stay in the rivers.

State water managers were also grappling with the best way to use the storms to help emerge from a severe drought. On Friday, Newsom signed an executive order making it easier for farmers and water agencies to use floodwater to refill underground aquifers. Groundwater provides on average about 41 percent of the state’s supply each year. But many of these underground basins have been overdrawn in recent years.

Forecasters warned that mountain travel could be difficult to impossible during the latest storm. At high elevations, the storm was predicted to dump heavy snow, as much as 8 feet (2.4 meters) over several days.

Yet another atmospheric river is already in the forecast for early next week. State climatologist Michael Anderson said a third appeared to be taking shape over the Pacific and possibly a fourth.

California appeared to be “well on its way to a fourth year of drought” before the early winter series of storms, Anderson said. “We’re in a very different condition now,” he added.

___

Rodriguez reported from San Francisco. Associated Press writers John Antczak in Los Angeles, Adam Beam in Sacramento and Beatrice Dupuy contributed.Miami Heat guard Gabe Vincent, center, looks to pass from under the basket, defended by Cleveland Cavaliers center Jarrett Allen (31), Cleveland Cavaliers guard Donovan Mitchell (45), and Cleveland Cavaliers forward Lamar Stevens, during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Miami. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell)

Miami Heat guard Gabe Vincent, center, looks to pass from under the basket, defended by Cleveland Cavaliers center Jarrett Allen (31), Cleveland Cavaliers guard Donovan Mitchell (45), and Cleveland Cavaliers forward Lamar Stevens, during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Miami. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell)

MIAMI (AP) — Jimmy Butler did everything right in the final minutes. He knew when to score, knew when to rebound, even knew when and how to foul.

And the Miami Heat needed all of it.

Butler scored 12 of his 33 points in the final 5:11, Tyler Herro added 25 and the Heat rallied from a 14-point, second-half deficit to beat the Cleveland Cavaliers 119-115 on Friday night.

“There’s a lot at stake,” Herro said. “Every game counts for us.”

Donovan Mitchell led all scorers with 42 points for Cleveland, which got 16 apiece from Isaac Okoro and Caris LeVert. Evan Mobley added 12 for the Cavaliers.

Cleveland (42-27) fell 3-1/2 games behind Philadelphia in the race for the No. 3 spot in the Eastern Conference; the 76ers (44-22) edged Portland 120-119 on Friday.

Miami (36-32) remained No. 7 in the East, still three games in the loss column behind No. 6 Brooklyn (38-29) — which won at Minnesota.

“We’re fighting for our competitive lives right now,” Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. “Is this the exact position we want to be in? No. But you do have to embrace the competition. When you’re dreaming about things in the middle of the summer, this is what you want, games with incredible pressure and context.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Bam Adebayo scored 19 points and Max Strus had 14 for the Heat, who split a two-game home set with the Cavaliers.

“We let them get to their spots too easily. ... But I thought it was a heck of a game,” Cleveland coach J.B. Bickerstaff said.

Heck of a finish, too.

Miami outscored Cleveland 37-26 in the fourth. Butler returned to the game midway through the final period, then scored eight consecutive Heat points over a two-minute stretch to keep Miami on top, albeit barely.

“That’s why he’s Jimmy Butler,” Bickerstaff said.

But Cleveland made it very interesting. Helped by Miami committing offensive fouls on illegal screens on back-to-back possessions, the Cavaliers cut the lead to one when Mobley got a dunk with 38.3 seconds left.

The Cavs never got the lead back, and a Butler foul helped Miami finish it off. With the Heat up three, Butler fouled Mitchell near midcourt with 5.6 seconds left — not letting Cleveland get any looks at a potentially game-tying 3-point shot.

Mitchell made the first and intentionally missed the second. It was a ploy he’s used before — most notably in the Jan. 2 game against Chicago when he forced overtime in what became his 71-point game by running down an intentionally missed foul shot and scoring. The Heat knew it was coming, Butler controlled the rebound, and iced the game with two last free throws.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Donovan Mitchell missed that free throw about as perfectly as you could,” Spoelstra said.

TIP-INS

Cavaliers: G Darius Garland missed the game with a right quadricep contusion, suffered in Wednesday’s win over Miami. He’s day-to-day. ... Jarrett Allen was inadvertently poked in the eye by Adebayo as the two were among those going for a rebound with 3:53 left. The play was reviewed and determined to be a common foul; Allen left the game.

Heat: PG Kyle Lowry missed his 15th consecutive game with left knee soreness. He’s hoping to return at Orlando on Saturday. ... Miami was 11 for 19 on 3′s in the second half, after going 3 for 10 in the first half from deep.

ADVERTISEMENT

RALLIED HEAT

It was Miami’s sixth time coming back and winning after trailing a game by at least 14 points this season.

BIG HALF

Mitchell scored at least 25 points in a first half for the third time this season — all on the road. He had 27 at Dallas on Dec. 14, 25 in his return to Utah on Jan. 10, and 25 on Friday. He had “only” 16 at the half of his 71-point game in Cleveland against Chicago on Jan. 2.

UP NEXT

Cavaliers: Visit Charlotte on Sunday.

Heat: Visit Orlando on Saturday.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/NBA and https://twitter.com/AP_Sports1 of 10 Penn State's Jalen Pickett celebrates after scoring on a three-point basket during overtime of an NCAA college basketball game against the Northwestern at the Big Ten men's tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Chicago. Penn State won 67-65. (AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast) 1 of 10 Penn State's Jalen Pickett celebrates after scoring on a three-point basket during overtime of an NCAA college basketball game against the Northwestern at the Big Ten men's tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Chicago. Penn State won 67-65. (AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast)

CHICAGO (AP) — Seth Lundy scored 16 points, Jalen Pickett had 15 points and nine rebounds and No. 10 seed Penn State beat second-seeded Northwestern 67-65 in overtime on Friday to advance to the semifinals of the Big Ten Tournament.

It was Penn State’s second overtime win over Northwestern in nine days after a 68-65 win on March 1.

Penn State became the second double-digit seed to make the semifinals of the Big Ten Tournament this season — joining No. 13 Ohio State — after just two had done it in the preview 25 tournaments. The Nittany Lions advanced to their first semifinals since 2018.

Lundy was trapped in the corner and appeared to be tied up, but Penn State was able to call a timeout with 13.7 left in overtime. The Nittany Lions successfully inbounded it and Lundy worked off some time before getting fouled. Lundy made 1 of 2 free throws for a three-point lead and Penn State elected to foul before Northwestern could get a shot off.

ADVERTISEMENT

Boo Buie went to the line at 4.7 and made the first of two free throws. He missed the second and the loose ball landed in the hands of Chase Audige, who rushed a shot from 3-point range that rolled off the rim at the buzzer .

Andrew Funk added 14 points for Penn State (21-12) and Kanye Clary added 11.

At the end of regulation, Lundy lost his balance on a drive but gathered it and sank a contested shot in the lane to tie it at 56-all. Northwestern dribbled down the clock and Buie got into the lane but his bank shot bounced off and Penn State chose not to call a timeout. Funk had a good look at a 3-pointer but it hit the back of the iron and Northwestern’s half-court heave didn’t hit the rim.

Buie finished with 16 points and Brooks Barnhizer had 15 points and 11 rebounds for Northwestern (21-11). Ty Berry was 1 of 10 from the field and the Wildcats shot just 32%.

___ More AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25UCLA guard Tyger Campbell (10) reacts after scoring a three-point basket against Oregon during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game in the quarterfinals of the Pac-12 Tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Chase Stevens)

UCLA guard Tyger Campbell (10) reacts after scoring a three-point basket against Oregon during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game in the quarterfinals of the Pac-12 Tournament, Friday, March 10, 2023, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Chase Stevens)

LAS VEGAS (AP) — UCLA’s future in the Pac-12 Conference Tournament hung in the balance after it lost yet another player to injury and faced an Oregon team that wouldn’t go away.

Then point guard Tyger Campbell began to look for his shot.

Campbell scored 20 points after halftime, including all seven during a key second-half run, and finished with a career-high 28 to lead second-ranked UCLA past Oregon 75-56 in the Pac-12 semifinals on Friday night.

“Coach called some great plays, and our bigs were getting me open on our ball screens,” Campbell said. “Then we were able to get the switch so I could get the shot that I wanted. I was really just trying to make anything happen. I believe in myself as a player, and any shot I take I feel like it’s going to go in, and they just went in today.”

The Bruins (29-4) will play No. 8 Arizona in Saturday’s title game. UCLA has won 12 straight and 26 of 28, and one more victory likely would secure a No. 1 seed in the NCAA Tournament.

ADVERTISEMENT

Oregon (19-14) had won four in a row but may have needed this win to make the NCAA Tournament.

Campbell’s personal seven-point run gave UCLA a 57-46 lead. The 5-foot-11 guard capped the spurt by dribbling near the key, backing up, looking at the shot clock and then charging ahead for a pull-up 16-footer over Oregon 7-footer Kel’el Ware.

Campbell’s previous best was a 27-point performance on Feb. 12, 2022 against Southern California. He also had six assists against the Ducks.

“Tyger got it going, and we did a poor job of adjusting on him,” Oregon coach Dana Altman said. “We just didn’t stop him.”

UCLA lost a big defensive presence inside when Adem Bona injured his left arm while diving for a loose ball. He grabbed his arm and shortly afterward was taken to the locker room with 16:14 left in the game. Bona had done a little bit of everything with four points, four rebounds and two blocked shots.

Bona returned to the bench but didn’t re-enter the game. Mac Etienne and Kenneth Nwuba played in his place. Bruins coach Mick Cronin didn’t provide any details on Bona’s injury.

UCLA was already playing the tournament without Pac-12 Defensive Player of the Year Jaylen Clark.

Campbell helped the Bruins overcome those losses. Jaime Jaquez Jr. added 18 points and 10 rebounds, and David Singleton had 12 points.

ADVERTISEMENT

“We’ve got guys on scholarship for a reason,” Cronin said. “We tell them all year, ‘Your moment’s going to come in March and we’re going to need you.’”

Quincy Guerrier and Will Richardson each scored 10 points for Oregon, and N’Faly Dante had 10 rebounds.

BIG PICTURE

Oregon: The Ducks ran into one of the nation’s top defenses, and they especially struggled from outside, shooting 3 of 19 from 3-point range. Oregon managed to hang around thanks to a bench that outscored UCLA 26-4.

UCLA: The Bruins have managed to win both games in the tournament without Clark and got by without Bona in the second half against the Ducks. They likely will need to get healthier to make a deep run in the NCAA Tournament.

UP NEXT

Oregon: The Ducks’ next game likely will be in the NIT.

ADVERTISEMENT

UCLA: The Bruins want the No. 1 seed in the West, which could put them back in Las Vegas in two weeks for the regional. They must win Saturday to ensure that.

___

AP college basketball: https://apnews.com/hub/college-basketball and https://apnews.com/hub/ap-top-25-college-basketball-poll and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25FILE - The Olympic rings are seen on the Place du Trocadero that overlooks the Eiffel Tower, after the vote in Lima, Peru, awarding the 2024 Games to the French capital, in Paris, Sept. 13, 2017. Organizers of the Paris 2024 Olympics promised Games with a relatively modest price tag and "egalitarian" access to events, thanks to an online draw meant to revolutionize ticket sales and bring the masses to next year's Olympics with prices as low as 24 euros ($26). But as the first round of ticketing winds down, many "lucky" winners chosen for the draw are feeling frustrated, angry and cheated, as their only option during the 48-hour purchasing window was paying at least 200 euros per ticket for the few remaining events on offer. (AP Photo/Francois Mori, File)

FILE - The Olympic rings are seen on the Place du Trocadero that overlooks the Eiffel Tower, after the vote in Lima, Peru, awarding the 2024 Games to the French capital, in Paris, Sept. 13, 2017. Organizers of the Paris 2024 Olympics promised Games with a relatively modest price tag and "egalitarian" access to events, thanks to an online draw meant to revolutionize ticket sales and bring the masses to next year's Olympics with prices as low as 24 euros ($26). But as the first round of ticketing winds down, many "lucky" winners chosen for the draw are feeling frustrated, angry and cheated, as their only option during the 48-hour purchasing window was paying at least 200 euros per ticket for the few remaining events on offer. (AP Photo/Francois Mori, File)

LONDON (AP) — The British government has written to the Olympics’ biggest sponsors urging them to pressure the International Olympic Committee over its stance of allowing athletes from Russia back into competition.

Most Olympic sports have excluded athletes from Russia and its ally Belarus since shortly after Russia launched its invasion of Ukraine in February 2022. The IOC initially recommended excluding them on safety grounds but now says keeping the restrictions would be discriminatory.

“We know sport and politics in Russia and Belarus are heavily intertwined, and we are determined that the regimes in Russia and Belarus must not be allowed to use sport for their propaganda purposes,” British Culture Secretary Lucy Frazer wrote to 13 of the Olympics’ biggest sponsors including Airbnb, Visa and Samsung.

Britain was one of 35 countries which signed a statement last month criticizing the IOC plans to allow Russians and Belarusians to return to competition ahead of qualifying events for the 2024 Paris Olympics as neutral athletes without national symbols.

ADVERTISEMENT

Those countries were skeptical about the IOC’s planned neutral status and said athletes from Russia and Belarus should remain excluded if those concerns aren’t resolved, especially regarding athletes with links to the Russian state or military.

“As long as our concerns and the substantial lack of clarity and concrete detail on a workable ‘neutrality’ model are not addressed, we do not agree that Russian and Belarusian athletes should be allowed back into competition. Noting the IOC’s stated position that no final decisions have been made, we have strongly urged the IOC to address the questions identified by all countries and reconsider its proposal accordingly,” Frazer wrote.

“As an Olympic partner, I would welcome your views on this matter and ask you to join us in pressing the IOC to address the concerns raised in our statement.”

The release of the letter came as fencing joined judo in reopening access to athletes from Russia and Belarus ahead of qualifying events for the Paris Games.

___

More AP coverage of the Paris Olympics: https://apnews.com/hub/2024-paris-olympic-games and https://twitter.com/AP_Sports