1. During heavy training, runners need to consume sufficient nutrients to meet their body's energy needs.
2. This volcano erupted violently in 1963, causing over a thousand deaths.
3. It is very inaccurate to determine the physiological age in this way.
4. Almost half of the audience is black and white.
5. She stumbled upon a post from a high school student.
6. Those who do not study or understand their own history are destined to repeat the same mistakes.
7. According to the witness, there was a loud noise when the incident happened, and a Mushroom cloud rose in the sky in an instant.
8. Once done, we can finally start to eliminate the problem of Space debris once and for all.
9. A more groundbreaking exploration is whether China's mobile payment can expand its territory in Europe?
10. But if they try to sign our players, they will also suffer the consequences themselves.
11. The Taliban claimed that they launched this attack.
12. Facebook has been criticized as one of the main dissemination points of the so-called Fake news, and many people believe that Facebook has affected the 2016 US presidential election.
13. Huawei stated that in the past five years, it has demonstrated its strength by launching high-end products in the global and US markets.
14. Where there is Alipay, there must be WeChat Pay.
15. This fossil is a newly discovered species of Nodulosaurus, which lived in the middle Cretaceous period 110 million to 112 million years ago.
16. Zhang Gaoli, Wang Yang and Liu Yandong received the Russian Friendship Medal.
17. Director Er Dongsheng said on the same day that the shooting plan has a long history. The first time he adapted the script was in 1999, and he even planned to find Takeshi Kaneshiro to play Yan Shisan.
18. Unusually, Lin Bo was actually moved by something.
19. Bohoqui glanced at the police officers standing there guarding to see if they were alert.
20. In the men's 50 meter backstroke, Xu Jiayu of China ranked eighth with a time of 23.54 seconds, and Gu Hechun of Japan also won the championship with a time of 22.85 seconds.
21. The third season of 'Drug Lord' will be released on September 1st.
22. The records obtained by Time magazine did not clearly indicate whether a second group of crew members was ultimately needed.
23. That night, Patty Smith appeared on the stage with a white shirt and a black suit, and sang Dylan's famous song "The rainstorm is Coming" for 1500 audiences.
24. According to the Historical document collected by the online project of George Washington Newspaper, his office was flooded with petitions, criticizing his attitude towards the Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation between His Majesty the King of England and the United States of America signed with the United Kingdom.
25. Since its launch on iQiyi in 2014, 'Xiaosong QiTalk', which has been continuously broadcasted for three years, has maintained an extremely high volume and reputation.
26. This Weibo post received over 68000 likes.
27. Secondly, French netizens who love to chop hands have an average online shopping volume of 1925 US dollars, and their most popular product online is clothing, which is truly a country that loves fashion.
28. According to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics, in October, the prices of new and second-hand houses in Beijing both cooled down, with only a 0.6% and 1.1% increase compared to the previous month.
29. Purchase restrictions are a tough lever in many urban real estate regulation policies.
30. Beneficial three friends, friends are direct, friends are understanding, and friends are knowledgeable.