1. During heavy training, runners need to consume enough nutrients to meet their body's energy needs.
2. The volcano erupted violently in 1963, killing more than 1,000 people.
3. It is inaccurate to determine biological age in this way.
4. Almost half black and half white in the audience.
5. She stumbled upon a post from a high school student.
6. Those who do not study and do not know their own history are doomed to repeat the mistakes of the past.
7. According to eyewitnesses, there was a loud bang at the time of the incident, and in an instant a mushroom cloud soared into the air.
8. Once that is done, we can finally start eliminating the problem of space junk once and for all.
9. A more pioneering discussion is whether China's mobile payments can expand into Europe.
10. But if they try to sign our players, they will also have to suffer the consequences.
11. The Taliban claimed that they carried out the attack.
12. Facebook has been criticized as one of the main propagators of so-called fake news, and many believe that Facebook influenced the 2016 US presidential election.
13. Huawei said that in the past five years, Huawei has proved its strength by launching high-end products in the global and US markets.
14. Where there is Alipay, there must be WeChat Pay.
15. The fossil is a newly discovered nodulosaur species that lived between 110 million and 112 million years ago in the Middle Cretaceous.
16. Zhang Gaoli, Wang Yang and Liu Yandong received the Russian Friendship Medal.
17. Director Er Dongsheng said on the same day that the shooting plan has been around for a long time, and the first time the script was adapted was in 1999, and he was even ready to find Takeshi Kaneshiro to play Yan XIII.
18. Unusually, Limbaugh was actually struck by something.
19. Pohoqui glanced at the policemen standing there to see if they were alert.
20. In the men's 50m backstroke, China's Xu Jiayu finished eighth in 23.54 seconds, and Japan's Gu Hechun also won in 22.85 seconds.
21. The third season of "Narcos" will debut on September 1.
22. The records obtained by Time magazine do not clearly indicate whether a second crew is ultimately needed.
23. That night, Patti Smith took the stage in a white shirt and black suit to sing Dylan's famous song "The Rainstorm is Coming" for the 1,500 spectators.
24. According to historical documents collected by George Washington's online project, his office was inundated with petitions criticizing his attitude towards the Treaty of Friendship, Commerce and Navigation between His Majesty the King and the United States of America with the United Kingdom.
25. "Xiaosong Qi Talk", which has been broadcast for three consecutive years, has maintained a high number of views and word-of-mouth praise since its launch on iQiyi in 2014.
26. This Weibo has received more than 68,000 "likes".
27. The second French netizens, who love chopping hands, have an average online purchase of $1,925, and the most common product they buy online is clothing, which is worthy of being a country that loves fashion.
28. According to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics, in October, the prices of new and second-hand houses in Beijing both cooled, rising only 0.6% and 1.1% month-on-month.
29. Purchase restriction is a hard lever in many urban real estate control policies.
30. The three friends of the beneficial, the friend straight, the friendly forgiveness, and the friend more smell.