1. During heavy training, runners need to consume enough nutrients to meet the body's energy needs.
2. The volcano erupted violently in 1963, killing more than 1,000 people.
3. Determining biological age in this way is very inaccurate.
4. The audience was almost evenly divided between blacks and whites.
5. She stumbles upon a post from a high school student.
6. Those who do not study and understand their own history are doomed to repeat it.
7. According to eyewitnesses, there was a loud noise when the incident happened, and a mushroom cloud rose into the sky in an instant.
8. Once this is done, we can finally begin to eliminate the problem of space junk once and for all.
9. A more pioneering discussion is, can China's mobile payment expand its territory in Europe?
10. But if they try to sign our players, they will suffer the consequences.
11. The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack.
12. Facebook has been criticized as one of the main distribution points for so-called fake news, which many believe influenced the 2016 US presidential election.
13. Huawei stated that in the past five years, Huawei has proven its strength by launching high-end products in the global and US markets.
14. Where there is Alipay, there must be WeChat Pay.
15. The fossil is a newly discovered species of nodosaurus that lived during the mid-Cretaceous period between 110 million and 112 million years ago.
16. Zhang Gaoli, Wang Yang and Liu Yandong received the Order of Friendship from Russia.
17. Director Er Dongsheng said on the same day that the shooting plan has been going on for a long time. The first adaptation of the script was in 1999, and he even planned to find Takeshi Kaneshiro to play Yan Shisan.
18. Unusually, Limbaugh was actually moved by something.
19. Bohoque glanced at the guarding police officers to see if they were alert.
20. In the men's 50m backstroke, China's Xu Jiayu ranked eighth with a time of 23.54 seconds, and Japan's Gu Hechun also won the championship with a time of 22.85 seconds.
21. The third season of "Narcos" will debut on September 1.
22. It is not clear from the records obtained by TIME that a second crew was ultimately required.
23. That night, Patti Smith took the stage in a white shirt and black suit and sang Dylan's famous song "The Rain is Coming" to 1,500 spectators.
24. His office was flooded with petitions criticizing his stance on the Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation between His Majesty the King of England and the United States of America, according to historical documents collected by The George Washington Newspaper Online Project .
25. "Xiaosong Qitan", which has been broadcast for three consecutive years, has maintained a super high broadcast volume and word-of-mouth praise since it was launched on iQiyi in 2014.
26. This Weibo received more than 68,000 "likes".
27. French netizens who love to shop next, spend an average of US$1,925 on online shopping per capita, and their most online shopping item is clothing, which is worthy of being a country that loves fashion.
28. According to the data released by the National Bureau of Statistics, in October, the prices of new and second-hand houses in Beijing both cooled down, rising only 0.6% and 1.1% month-on-month.
29. Purchasing restrictions are a hard lever for real estate control policies in many cities.
30. The three friends of the beneficiary are straight friends, forgiving friends, and informative friends.